   • • •   . .% how the mighty have fallen.   . .% major companies coming out with their latest quarterly numbers include dave & buster's, men's wearhouse, palo alto networks, box, barnes & noble, pep boys-manny, moe & jack, ollie's bargain outlet, davidstea, lululemon athletica and kroger.   january , magazine why are there so many magna cartas?   : now watching up next word association with brad woodhouse the president of the democratic american bridge pac on the gop presidential field.   : autoplay autoplay copy this code to your website or blog searchers have found a second body in the aftermath of a large landslide in sitka, alaska, authorities said thursday, and a third man remains missing and presumed dead.   :: building success the construction industry experienced an "extremely successful" end to , according to a business survey.   :: milk crisis bbc radio national farmers union (nfu) president meurig raymond tells today the latest crisis at first milk is just a symptom of a much wider industry problem.   :: ni 'infrastructure' won game of thrones scotland lost out on the opportunity of having game of thrones filmed there because it does not have the resources of northern ireland, it is claimed.   : p.m. o'malley joins sanders in attacking clinton's plan for wall street reform as insufficient.   moments from the iraq war photos iraqi children watch u.s. army soldiers climb to the roof of their school to get a high vantage point in baghdad on april , .   moments from the iraq war photos u.s. marines sleep at their patrol base in the area known as zaidon in al anbar province on may , .   photos: moments from the iraq war members of the rd battalion, th marines, storm diyala bridge in baghdad on april , .   :: no 'lethal aid' for ukraine foreign secretary phil hammond tells dermot murnaghan on sky news the uk is not planning to supply "lethal aid" to ukraine.   : a.m. a protester arrested outside the courthouse after a mistrial was declared in the trial of police officer william porter has been released.   : a.m. (pdt) mourners have placed dozens of bouquets, an irish flag, a map of ireland and two giant wreaths outside the california apartment building where a balcony full of people collapsed during a st birthday party.   hours the week in pictures: jan. - feb. skaters line up, a blaze in brooklyn, starlings take shape and more.   $ million and a year-and-a-half later, the va has a protective care unit veterans can now call home.   of photos: the bread revolutionaries: tartine bakery and the bread lab – there's more science behind a slice of good bread than you might expect.   photos: ways to get happy . focus on time, not money.   photos: america's artsiest new hotels the art – the hotel features an original work on each floor.   photos: inside the 'jungle' refugee camp khaled al-ahamad, from syria said: "all the people there who died are innocent, and no one can agree with such acts."   photos: leading soccer clubs by revenue . bayern munich revenue: $ million the bavarian powerhouse already dominates in germany but has been branching out through lucrative overseas tours.   . the director, ava duvernay, is the first african american female to be nominated for a golden globe.   : a.m. view gallery school children from washington yu ying public charter school wait behind the rope hoping to get of … washington's -week-old panda cub is nameless no more.   : p.m. friends and former colleagues are showing their support for lamar odom, who remains on life support after being found unresponsive at a nevada brothel.   : autoplay autoplay copy this code to your website or blog a europe journalist who was in the concert hall said there were two or three unmasked attackers with automatic weapons.   . break up with your high-cost adviser.   . fleeing boko haram . boko haram: abducted girls married off . north korean internet returns sporadically . sony pictures to release 'the interview' . sony reversal: will north korea retaliate?   great german-language authors: here are the german book prize winners last year, lutz seiler won the book prize for "kruso," his novel set on the east german resort island of hiddensee.   photos: ground control: north korea's latest space center nada's new, futuristic-looking building is located in a residential area not far from the center of pyongyang.   photos: india's 'freak accident' mirza and the former world no. in singles first played together in march.   : a.m. zack snyder knows how to pick a car.   photos: cruise ship captains share their favorite views sydney harbour (australia) – with more than kilometers of shoreline, sydney's got "the most iconic harbor in the world," says captain rick sullivan of royal caribbean's explorer of the seas.   photos: pirates in pop culture musician and restauranteur jimmy buffett embodies the swashbuckling spirit of a pirate with his bold entrepreneurial ventures and margaritaville approach to downtime.   photos: world's most expensive diamond, sold for $.m in april, -carat, emerald cut, d color, internally flawless diamond -- the largest of its clarity and cut to ever be shown at auction -- sold for $ million.   , flee rocky fire thousands flee from california fires why is washington d.c. sinking?   : us share indexes slid in opening trade on monday, with the dow jones industrial average, the s&p and nasdaq composite index all down by about . percent, a day after greek voters rejected an economic austerity package proposed by creditors.   . how did you tell co-workers (or someone else you were meeting) that you were going to be late when you were stuck in traffic or stuck on some disabled subway car?   photos: ben carson's career in politics photos: ben carson's career in politics ben carson attends the national action network (nan) national convention at the sheraton new york times square hotel on april , , in new york city.   photos: ben carson's career in politics carson delivers the keynote address at the wake up america gala event on september , , in scottsdale, arizona.   photos: bernie sanders' political career sanders addresses a rally in support of social security on march , , on capitol hill.   photos: then-senator barack obama's trip to kenya peace corps volunteers from the united states were pleased to run into obama in kisumu, kenya.   : p.m. spanish rescue services say they have intercepted migrants trying to reach spain from morocco in boats over the past three days.   :: fallen tree: keiron tourish bbc news ni local farmers are clearing a tree from a road in mullennan, just outside derry city.   : p.m. a german hospital has seen a spate of syrian refugees poisoned after eating mushrooms that apparently resemble edible fungi in their homeland.   : now watching up next ted cruz enters presidential field texas senator ted cruz has become the first republican to announce he is running for president.   . mandarin oriental pudong, china – the mandarin oriental pudong in shanghai is located on the banks of the huangpu river about minutes from the historic bund.   photos: downhill, highrise living shabyt palace of art (r) and the palace of peace and reconciliation (c) are popular museums in astana.   photos: exhibit pays tribute to early female photographers swiss photographer ella maillart (-) took this shot during her travels near the chinese border.   photos: "the force awakens": meet the cast general hux (domhnall gleeson), a young but high achieving officer in the first order, the successor to the empire.   photos: people we lost in percy sledge, known for the single "when a man loves a woman," died april in baton rouge, louisiana, according to the east baton rouge parish coroner's office.   : european commission president jean-claude juncker and german chancellor angela merkel have agreed that europe needs more "solidarity" to tackle ensuing refugee crisis.   -mm timmy lee dalton has been charged with public intoxication offense, as of --. -mm eddie duane davis has been charged with domestic assault, domestic battery & destruction of property offenses, as of --.   -mm allen williamson jr. has been charged with safety belt violation offense, as of --. -m william wolford has been charged with speeding mph or less above max offense, as of --.   -mm james e. lambert jr. has been charged with speeding mph or less above maximum & expired license offenses, as of -- (dismissed --).   october china's island factory trader accused over libor 'was greedy' former city trader tom hayes is accused of being "dishonest and manipulative" in his alleged attempts to rig libor rates, a court hears.   photos: el celler de can roca the roca brothers – el celler de can roca is run by the three impassionate roca brothers.   photos: evolution of black lives matter racial tensions led to a weekslong protest movement at the university of missouri campus that ousted both the university president and the school's chancellor.   photos: notable leakers and whistle-blowers joe darby is the whistle-blower behind the abu ghraib prison abuse scandal in iraq.   photos: 'star wars: the force awakens' premiere "star wars" creator george lucas posed with j.j. abrams, right, who co-wrote and directed "star wars: the force awakens."   photos: the kardashian clan kris jenner, the matriarch of the family, was married to los angeles lawyer robert kardashian until and then married olympian bruce jenner a month after the divorce.   • - p.m., th annual little neck-douglaston memorial day parade, northern blvd. & jayson ave., great neck - military personnel scheduled to participate in the annual memorial day parade.   : - german air accident investigators are on their way to the crash site, the ministry of transport said.   ' at thousand: a federal court ruling that the patriot act does not authorize the national security agency to collect bulk sums of phone data has produced some strange bedfellows.   january last updated at : the 'shopping basket' through the ages all these items have cropped up over the past seven decades continue reading the main story inflation in the uk is calculated with the help of a notional basket of goods.   photos: years of new 'doctor who': where are they now?   photos: / tributes across the nation photos: / tributes across the nation photos: / tributes across the nation gary mascitis, , pays tribute to his uncle during an anniversary ceremony for the attacks in new york.   photos: movie-made new orleans " jump street," the tv series, was set in an unnamed city and filmed in vancouver, british columbia.   photos: weird and wonderful food mashups indian dosa and waffles – created by preeti mistry of oakland's juhu beach club restaurant, the doswaffle is south indian dosa batter cooked in a belgian waffle iron.   photos: look at me! selfies of the week u.s. vice president joe biden poses with students at syracuse university after he spoke at the school thursday, november , in syracuse, new york.   photos: 'star wars': an epic is born members of the "star wars" fan club celebrate may ("star wars day") in front of the colosseum in central rome.   photos: cats own the internet maru, the cat sensation in japan with millions of views for nearly videos since , has three books and a calendar, among other swag for sale.   . use the right-sized cookware and save $ per year.   -year-old convicted of robbing -year-old after online date "we canceled that event because we received some indication some folks from outside the community might use it as an opportunity to create a disturbance," schwartz said.   - - soviet leader joseph stalin's policy of collectivization leads to the great famine (holodomor) in which millions of ukrainians die of starvation.   boko haram kidnaps at least in cameroon teen couple on alleged crime spree caught in fla.   world .: modern meditationkatie couric news video looking forward from the paris terror attacks and the state of the racecbstv videos copyright the associated press.   - leaves d. e. shaw & co. in order to develop amazon.   photos: john and jackie: a love story john and jackie at union station after the departure of king hassan of morocco on march , .   photos: multiple explosions hit chinese port city rescuers are seen near the site of the blasts.   photos: who's running for president? photos: who's running for president? photos: who's running for president?   -buck luck: things you can buy for just $ what do you plan on doing with your tax refund?   : committing sensitive data to online repositories online code repositories such as github and similar services are great when your code has a public flavour to it.   . even children tire of david cameron and he's not even reading from his campaign manifesto.   hours news students walk between classes in front of the bizzell memorial library at the university of oklahoma in norman, oklahoma.   . more than once in the debate, carly fiorina proposed reducing the federal tax code — not the forms ordinary citizens use to file their taxes, but the body of laws that govern taxation in the united states — to three pages.   of travel photo of the day photos washington, d.c. – robert ondrovic drove miles to see the cherry blossoms at their peak in washington d.c. before the crowds descended.   $ provides food, shelter and medical care to a child in crisis.   . the psychic friendship generator i have a hidden talent, one i've never shared with anyone before.   - the bbc runs a video clip of flying penguins as part of a story for its series "miracles of evolution."   — four swedish residents were arrested in copenhagen for planning a shooting spree against jyllands-posten's copenhagen office.   contract between loon lake and makwa sahgaiehcan setting out payment terms for fire department to attend fires on the first nation.   data shows only % of planned parenthood’s procedures were abortions.   : dna frees nc's longest-serving death row resident caldwell has repeatedly stood by woodfox's conviction, and in he released a statement in response to a petition, letters and emails submitted on woodfox's behalf.   state of the union of democratic congresswoman from texas sheila jackson lee and democratic congressman from georgia john lewis wave pencils when president barack obama mentioned free speech during the state of the union address.   presidential election joseph p. williams is a news editor with u.s. news & world report.   : autoplay autoplay copy this code to your website or blog not too likely, said graham kent, director of the nevada seismological laboratory at the university of nevada and nevada's state seismologist.   : autoplay autoplay copy this code to your website or blog sweat remains on the loose.   of boston marathon bombing evidence photos prosecutors said the second twitter account is evidence that tsarnaev led a double life.   photos: 'dancing with the stars' winners kelly monaco and her professional dance partner alec mazo won the first "dancing with the stars" season competition.   photos: most-visited national park sites . yellowstone national park – yellowstone national park, which is mostly in wyoming but also in idaho and montana, was the fourth most-popular national park last year.   photos: jeb bush's life then-president george w. bush (right) and jeb bush go through the line for strawberries during a stop at the stawberry festival march , in plant city, florida.   photos: vincent kompany: paris attacks not a surprise kompany's passage to the top of european football hasn't been an easy one.   photos: unrest in syria syrian civil war in photos – a syrian child collects items from a garbage pile on saturday, january , in douma, northeast of the capital.   : autoplay autoplay copy this code to your website or blog ask -year-old zeke ortiz what he wants to be when he grows up, and he'll answer without hesitation — a pro basketball player.   hours how a police force bettered its relationship with residents richmond, california's police chief responded in an unexpected way when protesters voiced complaints.   photos: james bond theme song singers photos: james bond theme song singers the james bond movies have a tradition of tapping the "it" guy or gal (or band) for their famous opening title number.   photos: david beckham through the years david beckham through the years – beckham controls the ball during a world cup qualifier.   photos: exploring mount everest jordan romero became the youngest person to reach the summit, at age , on may , .   photos: exploring mount everest the climbing season was one of the deadliest, when people died on everest, eight in a single storm in may of that year.   photos: john boehner's political career photos: john boehner's political career john boehner has been the speaker of the u.s. house of representatives since , making him second in line for the presidency, behind the vice president.   . kayakapi premium caves, cappadocia, turkey . the royal savoy sharm el sheikh, egypt in addition to the global list, tripadvisor also parsed award winners by country and region, with country lists and regional lists.   photos: paul ryan, rising gop star ryan, left, and romney greet each other on stage april , , during the primary night gathering at the grain exchange in milwaukee.   photos: wonders of the universe using powerful optics, astronomers have found a planet-like body, jb, with rings times the size of saturn's.   $. per meal.   black tv and film firsts more: hpl, blackish, abc, yara shahidi get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   photos: great movie twists "the cabin in the woods" – "the cabin in the woods" () is, like "scream," as much a parody of horror movie cliches as it is a horror movie itself.   photos: of the most iconic photographs richard drew captured this image of a man falling from the world trade center in new york after the terror attacks on september , .   photos: delicious food movies "chef" (): the jon favreau indie film about a chef who returns to his native miami to open a food truck after he fails in los angeles, co-stars some great food.   photos: what a shot! amazing sports photos a young fan looks through a cutout in a team photo at the dfb ehrenrunde on friday, august , in torgau, germany.   photos: what a shot! amazing sports photos kevin na walks to the third green during the third round of the world golf championships-bridgestone invitational on saturday, august , in akron, ohio.   ! photos actor jason biggs came under fire after making what some found to be an insensitive joke after malaysia airlines flight crashed in eastern ukraine in july .   photos: reality stars we've lost jennifer lyon, who appeared on "survivor: palau" in , died at her home in oregon in january .   ! photos reese witherspoon might seem prim on the red carpet, but the actress has been caught making more than one slip of the tongue.   photos: remembering robin williams this file photo originally released by warner bros. pictures shows williams as t.s. garp from the film "the world according to garp."   photos: recent medal of honor recipients sgt. eduardo c. gomez was recognized for heroic actions on september , , at tabu-dong, korea, where his company was attacked while readying defensive positions.   photos: the women of 'snl' the women of 'saturday night live' – only on the show from to , pamela stephenson has since turned from performing to a career in psychology.   . a period of high inflation in germany, accompanied by wage and price restraint in the eurozone periphery. . large-volume fiscal transfers from north to south, indefinitely: the dreaded 'transfer union'.   $ billion hit to sales: the decline in front-store sales stands in stark contrast to the much larger prescription business.   . blue pill or red pill?   . china is even buying small stocks: the csf also pledge to buy more small and medium-sized stocks, although there was no specific amount given of how much would be spent.   . cut yard of burlap per cone.   . decision time for hillary clinton, and other presidential contenders will she or won't she?   die after ingesting fake xanax, officials issue second warning the counterfeit xanax pills have now been linked to multiple deaths and numerous severe opioid drug overdoses.   . meanwhile, place chocolate and tea bag in a medium-size bowl.   . "mud" — from the plantations of mid-th century louisiana, we travel up river to contemporary arkansas in jeff nichols' twain-esque tale of boyhood on the mississippi.   nd person dead in single-vehicle crash in labrador fatality in single-vehicle crash on labrador road an suv was travelling on route between sheshatshiu and happy valley-goose bay around p.m. when it left the road and rolled down an embankment.   . texas with two of the nation's busiest airports and the bustling houston ship channel, the infrastructure of the lone star state is in a class by itself.   . the dog that didn't bark in : super pacs as began, there was lots of talk about a supposed new rule in politics: get a deep-pocketed friend or two to launch a super pac on your behalf, and things will be easier as a candidate.   . the government should carry out a cost benefit analysis of the merits of enhancing video games tax relief in order to stimulate further investment.   ) the tour is growing in popularity while others sports may have wilted in popularity with such adverse publicity, the opposite appears the case with cycling and in particularly its jewel in the crown, the tour de france.   photos: fifa corruption scandal timeline july , – european football chief michel platini, seen here with blatter (left), is the leading candidate to replace the outgoing president.   photos: pluto on the horizon this was one of the best views we had of pluto and its moon charon before the new horizons mission.   : p.m. authorities say . percent of eligible voters had cast their votes in poland's general election at noon.   . mobile world congress is coming!   photos: same-sex marriage in the u.s. julie engbloom, left, and laurie brown embrace after they were wed in portland, oregon, on monday, may . a federal judge struck down the state's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage.   photos: sounds of 'the seventies' pink floyd – progressive british rockers pink floyd, here on their "animals" tour in , were one of the most acclaimed and influential bands of the decade.   photos: world war ii in pictures a view of u.s. ships in pearl harbor, hawaii, after the japanese attack on december , .   . discover ways to honor and celebrate the life and legacy of your loved one old acquaintances don't have to be forgotten.   -d printers have been available to students in the school of engineering and applied science in the past, but the new gelman printers are accessible to students from all schools.   . even so, the chapter is not an attack on the sovereignty of the country in any manner.   . fifa corruption: in an early-morning raid of a zurich luxury hotel may , the u.s. government started a chain reaction that would take down soccer leaders around the world.   golden rules of packing lunch for work or school moneytalksnews // karla bowsher would you spend $, on lunch?   . holding companies will stop taking kickbacks and opaque billing practices will disappear.   . licorice allsorts not only do they look like "loo" treats, they apparently taste "gross" -- no surprise considering the treats are a mixed bag of licorice, sugar, coconut, aniseed jelly, fruit flavorings, and gelatin.   . probiotics are not regulated like drugs.   . qulliq energy workers hit picket line qulliq energy corporation employees, who provide mechanical, electrical and line maintenance for power facilities in nunavut, hit the picket line thursday morning in iqaluit.   . what are your natural gifts or your god given talents?   : a.m., jan. , : shanghai authorities announce the deadly stampede.   photos: politicians flock to the iowa state fair the iowa state fair boasts on-a-stick food items, along with new delicacies such as deep-fried nacho balls, fried pb&j on a stick and pumpkin-spice funnel cake.   : p.m. view gallery american league manager ned yost, of the kansas city royals, talks with salvador perez () during b … the fashion accessory of media day: children.   photos: the ebola epidemic a health worker disinfects a corpse after a man died in a classroom being used as an ebola isolation ward august , , in monrovia.   photos: the ebola epidemic women in monrovia celebrate after the world health organization declared liberia ebola-free on may . other cases have recurred since, however.   photos: syria's civil war in pictures a syrian man carrying grocery bags dodges sniper fire in aleppo as he runs through an alley near a checkpoint manned by the free syrian army on september , .   of photos: photos of cheney, bush from / released for first time "frontline," in an online posting on july , said the images were taken by cheney's staff photographer.   of photos of cheney, bush from / released for first time photos "frontline," in an online posting on july , said the images were taken by cheney's staff photographer.   of photos: "i know what will make the father take such extreme measures to try to get his family to safety.   surrey shootings in days have police concerned surrey drive-by shooting riddles house with bullets surrey rcmp are investigating another homicide after shots were fired early sunday.   photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight bill clinton kisses his wife after introducing her at the clinton global initiative annual meeting on september , , in new york city.   photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight clinton arrives at ben gurion international airport in israel on july , .   photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight clinton shakes hands with a child during an unannounced walk through tahrir square in cairo on march , .   photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight clinton speaks as afghanistan president hamid karzai listens during a news conference at the presidential palace in kabul, afghanistan, on july , .   photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight hillary and bill clinton arrive at foundry united methodist church on august , , in washington.   photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight hillary and bill clinton pose on the day of their daughter's wedding to marc mezvinsky on july , , in rhinebeck, new york.   photos: syria's civil war in pictures a long-exposure photograph shows a rocket being launched in aleppo on october , .   photos: syria's civil war in pictures an injured man is helped following an airstrike in aleppo's maadi neighborhood on december , .   photos: syria's civil war in pictures a sandstorm blows over damaged buildings in the rebel-held area of douma, east of damascus, on september , .   photos: syria's civil war in pictures a u.s. ship staff member wears personal protective equipment at a naval airbase in rota, spain, on april , .   photos: syria's civil war in pictures syrian children walk over bricks stored for road repairs during a spontaneous protest june , , at a refugee camp near the syrian border in yayladagi, turkey.   photos: syria's civil war in pictures the u.n. security council passes a resolution september , , requiring syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons.   : p.m. novak djokovic has won the wimbledon title for the second straight year, and again against seven-time champion roger federer.   photos: barack obama's presidency obama pauses during his speech at a memorial service in newtown, connecticut, for the victims and relatives of the sandy hook elementary school massacre in december .   photos: kim jong un and north korea's military – a closer look at the unha iii rocket on its launch pad in tang chung ri, north korea.   photos: the isis terror threat a kurdish marksman looks over a destroyed area of kobani on friday, january , after the city had been liberated from the isis militant group.   employers are currently registered, including ge, ford motor co., gkn aerospace cincinnati and ak steel.   hours news a screen still taken from footage released by the marana police department shows mario valencia being run down by officer michael rapiejko on february , .   hours news latvia's chief of defence raimonds graube (left) shakes hands with a canadian paratrooper during the military exercise "saber strike" in adazi on june , .   hours wind-whipped snowstorm slams boston again a storm brought a new round of snow to new england forcing people to contend with a fourth winter onslaught in less than a month.   . identify symptoms of your "chief complaint" which are those symptoms that you have currently and want to discuss with your physician.   pedestrian deaths in days prompt warning from b.c. coroners service drivers and pedestrians need to unplug in order to curb the number of people being struck and killed, toronto crossing guard says.   rutgers football players suspended amid criminal charges "the chair umpire just wanted to wait for an ok from the police to be able to continue," pennetta said, "even if, truthfully, i don't think even they knew what it was."   . stop buying bottled water and save about $ a year.   things to know about social security benefits that is particularly true in today's low interest rate environment.   . try to move forward "until at least one member of whatever the conflict is decides to leave the past in the past, and try to move forward, we can't get anywhere," schooler said.   people drowned in ukraine in , according to the state service for emergency situations.   : a.m. prosecutors in minnesota must soon decide whether to file charges against four men arrested last week after shots were fired at demonstrators protesting the killing of a black man by police.   . audioquest nighthawk headphones these are semi-open, over-ear headphones made from eco-friendly materials.   of expand gallery "i'm not sure that every governor and every attorney general should just say, well, it's the law of the land because there's no enabling legislation," he said.   photos: u.s. navy's submarine fleet the u.s. navy has ballistic missile submarines, also called boomers, in service.   . identity theft the first of two fears in the crime category, identity theft is a big concern among americans, as almost percent of those in the survey considered it a major fear.   january last updated at : in pictures: in shackleton's footsteps photographer mark chilvers and journalist jonathan thompson have just returned from a trip to the antarctic to mark the centenary of ernest shackleton's endurance expedition.   . november , : remarks at the opening of the ausmin ministerial "that means finalizing the trans-pacific partnership, which will lower trade barriers, raise labor and environmental standards, and drive growth across the region.   photos: world's most famous mermaids not all mermaids are pretty.   'th heaven' actor stephen collins' divorce finalized by anthony mccartney hours ago file - this july , file photo shows actor stephen collins posing for a picture outside of the shubert theatre in new york.   ways germans talk about sausage .. germans not only like to eat sausage (wurst), they also use it in many expressions.   : p.m. view gallery european council president donald tusk, second right, arrives for an eu-turkey summit at the eu coun … the european union and turkey say that their joint summit has re-energized turkey's eu membership drive.   : ankara launches a wave of air strikes against pkk strongholds in northern iraq.   hours obama visit attracts huge crowds in india president obama is in india meeting with lawmakers and talking about how the u.s. and india can work together more closely.   photos: photos: a guide to (legal) pain relief hydrocodone – hydrocodone is available only in combination with other ingredients, with different products prescribed for different uses.   p.m. ( gmt) the nepal mountaineering association has increased to the number of fatalities from the avalanche on mount everest.   :pm et: rand paul was the first candidate to jump in and attack trump.   : the djs are plugging an upcoming show, st. vincent's mixtape delivery service.   -year-old man arrested for killing wife with cane japan today -- jan police in sukumo, kochi prefecture, said monday they have arrested a -year-old man on suspicion of killing his -year-old wife by hitting her with a cane.   of expand gallery in partnership with google, roma is attempting to transport the match-day experience across the globe, using the latest technology and the power of social media to attract new fans from every corner of the world.   . plywood is a 'hot' commodity for those of who decide to stay.   . saskatchewan roughriders (unchanged) coach corey chamblin and gm brendan taman were fired on monday night, and while the latter might have been arguable, the former wasn't.   ) thor: the dark world () marvel's "phase two" started off shakily, as the studio tried to follow up the avengers with new solo films for iron man and thor.   . we're emotional. . we're constantly ruminating over something.   . who had a 'wonderful time' performing bill cosby got a standing ovation from polite canadian fans at his first show following a string of cancellations in the wake of sexual assault allegations from more than women.   a -year-old boy found his father, michael brayfield, , dead at their home on sims street sunday afternoon.   a freedom of navigation operation in the black sea resulted in u.s. and soviet ships bumping.   a -in- flood could happen more than once a century.   a oc temperature increase moves harvesting forward on average by days, growers say.   a amnesty international report, based on the accounts of former inmates, described the prison as "designed to inflict the maximum suffering, humiliation and fear on prisoners."   a study by professors at the university of surrey in the united kingdom found that we are happiest when we have a trip coming up.   a attempt was aborted because of storms.   a opinion poll in slovakia showed that percent of respondents supported civil unions for gays.   a -kilometer (.-mile) exclusion zone was put in place around the area and remained in effect monday as authorities dealt with "minor leakage of sulfuric acid and spillage of diesel fuel," the queensland police service said.   a -year-old man died after being shot in the stomach the other victim is in stable condition.   a -year-old man was arrested and released on bail.   a -year-old documentary filmmaker was killed and three police officers were wounded.   a -year-old, non-national male from riyadh city who developed symptoms on january and was admitted to hospital on january.   a -year-old san diego woman has died and people have been hospitalized, according to officials with the centers for disease control and prevention (cdc) and the food and drug administration (fda).   aamer arrived in britain on friday after spending nearly years as a prisoner at the u.s. facility in cuba.   a$ap rocky: the hip-hop star/ex-boyfriend of iggy azalea/fashion designer has a movieworthy story: homeless as a teen, his brother murdered, he dug out of harlem with rap, signed a record deal with polo grounds.   aarne heikkila / nbc news matt lachappa sits with priscilla oppenheimer, the longtime director of minor league operations for the san diego padres.   aaron david miller is a vice president and distinguished scholar at the woodrow wilson international center for scholars and was a middle east negotiator in democratic and republican administrations.   aaron friesen got a taste of that kind of independence on tuesday when he drove himself to school for the first time.   aaron said there were eight people in the theatre for the screening, including the suspect.   a backpack slung over a shoulder, he is wearing a striped t-shirt and jeans.   abadi was selected as prime minister in part because he lacked strong ties to the armed groups that fought a sectarian civil war during the u.s. occupation, and was therefore seen as better able to promote conciliation than his predecessor maliki.   abad was among four people in a car early friday when he drove the wrong way on a staten island highway after a night at a new york strip club, crashing head-on into a tractor-trailer.   a bailout deal this painful will be politically disruptive for greece, and in the long term, for its eurozone creditors.   a ball inflated in the northern states in cold weather and then transported to hot weather will inflate with the increased temp and vice versa.   a ballot measure filed earlier this month would overhaul portland's at large elections and commission form of government in favor of a strong mayor and nine council members elected by district.   abandoned baby birds in n.s. enjoy nests knitted by p.e.i. women edmonton grandmother knits , hats for the homeless tomlin recently founded knitted knockers alberta, a calgary-based volunteer group that makes — you guessed it — knockers.   abandoned ryanair proposal – fully-standing spaces were proposed by ryanair boss michael o'leary a few years ago, although they haven't been rolled out.   a barrage of strikes sunday night destroyed a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump in the city of raqqa, where iraqi intelligence officials say the attacks on paris were planned.   a battered wheel barrow full of fine gray soil sat just above the opening in the floor.   abbas' hopes of setting up a palestinian state through negotiations with israel have been derailed, and a new poll shows that a majority of palestinians want abbas to resign and dissolve his self-rule government, the palestinian authority.   abbas said liban mohamed aggressively advocated on his younger brother's behalf when gulet mohamed was detained in kuwait several years ago and barred from returning to the u.s., and that the fbi began to harass him as a result.   abbas, widely known as abu mazen, holds three top positions — head of the palestine liberation organization, leader of the fatah party and president of the palestinian authority, the west bank-based autonomy government.   abbott has declared a state of emergency in texas counties.   abbott, in office less than a year-and-a-half, survived a move by disgruntled liberal party members calling for a secret ballot to decide who would be prime minister.   abbott's office on wednesday would neither confirm nor deny that one of its officials had objected to stephens taking part in the greeting.   abby wambach stepped up to take the penalty but the superstar striker dramatically sent the ball left of goal, denying her a record-equalling th women's world cup goal to match brazil star marta.   abc averaged million viewers, fox had . million, univision had . million, the cw had . million, telemundo had . million and ion television had . million.   abc has one, possibly two, more games to go.   abc news, in a statement, agreed that stephanopoulos was wrong not to notify his bosses and viewers but called it an honest mistake.   abc news videos diver has close encounter with killer whales, catches it on film a spear-fishing diver in new zealand shares the same space of water with a pod of orcas.   abdelhalim jaafreh, head of the red crescent in nablus, told afp the suspected assailant died of his wounds.   abdirhaman wasn’t home when the two fbi agents came calling, but his -year-old brother was and handed over abdirahman’s cellphone number.   abdukadir mohamed nur, a somali government official in the lower shabele region, said several shebab militants died.   abdu salim, in his sparkling, spanking new restaurant.   a beautiful mind won oscars however, nash's schizophrenia diminished through the s and s as he "gradually began to intellectually reject some of the delusionally influenced lines of thinking," he wrote.   abe has faced demands that he use this trip to address japan's use of tens of thousands of sex slaves during world war ii to serve japanese troops.   abe is a regular visitor to the shrine and his appearances often spark ire from asian neighbours such as china and south korea which came under japanese occupation.   a beloved tradition since , the sing-in presents your favourite carols in spectacular arrangements for choir, organ, brass and percussion, with an audience of , singing along.   abel says fire crews struggled to knock down the flames, amid all the mattresses.   "abercrombie & fitch is pleased to confirm that we have decided that all of our brands will discontinue the use of call-in shift scheduling.   abe returned to tokyo from a middle east tour ahead of schedule and convened a cabinet meeting soon after.   a bicycle rider rolls past the golden gate bridge with her helmet strapped to the back in san francisco, calif. on saturday, feb. , .   a bid was approved from guthrie fence, a company based in south charleston.   a big government meeting in march will be the next major review of policy.   a big moment for britain?   a big part of that effort is getting rid of polystyrene foam, which accounts for as much as percent of the trash in the anacostia.   a big part of this value is speed.   a big worry is that it could take years to pay off a home equity line, and people could wind up "stealing from their financial future," she said.   a bill going before the legislature calls for mandatory crisis-intervention training for police officers.   a bird feeder outside his kitchen window brings nature to him, but for a bigger challenge he heads into the great outdoors.   a bit of national nausea is in order.   a blacklion spokeswoman could not be reached immediately friday.   abn, once the world's th largest bank, slashed tens of thousands of jobs in recent years and has refocused on the dutch market.   a boj survey on wednesday showed that big companies plan to boost capital expenditure at the fastest pace in a decade in the current fiscal year.   a bond who can sing might prove useful, too.   about , people were killed in boko haram's uprising last year, compared to about , in the four previous years, according to the u.s. council on foreign relations.   about . million cars and light trucks were sold in the first month of the year, an increase of . percent from a year ago and the best monthly performance since , industry consultant autodata reported.   about , firefighters and approximately aircraft are battling wildfires.   about million cancer deaths per year are due to tobacco smoking, it said.   about protesters from rastriya prajatantra party nepal scuffled with police at the stadium and demanded that nepal remain a hindu nation.   about people have died across tamil nadu state since it was hit by torrential rains on dec. that left large sections of capital chennai under up to eight feet (. meters) of water, and trapped people on rooftops with no communication.   about , people from brazil's homeless workers movement, which invades open lands and buildings in cities across the continent-sized nation, pitched their shelters a few days ago on six large tracts in and around the capital of brasilia.   about members of the choir joined cbc's crosstalk in studio on thursday to treat listeners to some melodies.   about , international students came to canada in , up from , in , according to the canadian bureau for international education.   about % of wealthy chinese plan to increase their investments in technology, biotech and alternative energy, while only % say they expect to increase their exposure to traditional manufacturing industries, according to the survey.   about artifacts have been brought up by divers in the initial stage of the recovery of the css georgia, which must be moved for a deepening of the shipping channel.   about million of them are refugees in neighboring countries.   about people assembled under a light rain in montreal to honor the victims of the deadly paris assaults, carrying signs that read "we will not retreat," and "we will defend our values."   about turkish islamists gathered after friday prayer at fatih mosque to protest after the magazine published this week a "survivors" issue featuring an image of the prophet muhammad weeping.   about inches of snow are expected at the airport by the end of tuesday but some areas could get up to inches through the afternoon, when the storm will move into nebraska and south dakota.   about percent of patients reported using these types of websites to select a doctor in , they note, and about one in five reported using comments to evaluate their doctors.   "about : p.m. one of the officers did see the bear up by the new traffic circle … basically they stayed and monitored the bear until dark, and then the bear wandered back into the woods."   “about % of people with diabetes are at risk for heart disease and stroke”, said dr. roker-davis, making the correlation between diabetes and cardiovascular disease during her phone in presentation.   "about percent of all global deaths each year occur prematurely due to exposure to ambient air pollution.   about inmates escaped during the prison break, and police suspect the prison was attacked because it was holding members of the sect.   about people at bridge club held an early celebration friday, singing happy birthday and cutting a cake.   about million tonnes of iron ore are stored at these parts of the tianjin port, he said.   "about per cent of the salt that we eat is in processed foods," said campbell.   about a quarter of adults ages to watch prime-time tv, compared with .% of people over , the data show.   about a third, %, say the united states should not take military action if the deal is broken.   about a third of chagas patients develop a chronic form that leads to heart damage and failure.   about a third of u.s. adults use the sites, although not necessarily in place of going to the doctor.   about barg coffin lewis & trapp, llp barg coffin lewis & trapp, llp is a san francisco-based law firm providing nationally recognized expertise in environmental law and litigation.   about cricket media cricket media (tsxv: ckt) is an education media company that provides award-winning content on a safe and secure learning network for children, families and teachers across the world.   about global debt registry gdr is the smartsm document governance solution that enables financial institutions to analyze, organize and control documents to lower risk and comply with regulations.   about half the phosphorus in the lake comes down the maumee river, which drains million acres of farmland before flowing through toledo and into the lake.   about north river outfitter: north river outfitter stocks and sells an extensive range of top quality clothing brands.   about snyder's-lance, inc. snyder's-lance, inc., headquartered in charlotte, n.c., manufactures and markets snack foods throughout the united states and internationally.   about the time that i reached draft age during the vietnam war, all of that changed.   about two dozen people attended the vigil.   about warrendale appliance: warrendale appliance is a local family-owned and managed appliance retailer based in waltham, ma with a $ million dollar inventory of the newest energy efficient appliances.   about willig, williams & davidson - willig, williams & davidson is one of the largest and most respected union-side labor law firms in the united states.   about worldwide branding for over years, worldwide branding has been the leading, one-stop-shop, personal branding company, both in the united states and abroad.   above all, turn the public schools into centers of educational excellence and bingo.   above his desk, more than a dozen live-camera feeds from his public-housing properties, both inside and out, keep him up-to-date on capital-improvement projects, as well as the comings and goings of residents and visitors.   a brawl always breaks out between the sudanese and eritreans.   a breath test showed a blood-alcohol level of ., almost three times maryland's . limit.   a brief history of popes and presidents poll: most americans view pope francis favorably speaker boehner's army of volunteers some republicans hesitant about pope's washington visit with the pope in town, how safe are you?   a brief leak of the new season earlier this month got fans even more excited.   a british columbia man is taking the province's lottery agency to court, saying he is the rightful winner of a $-million jackpot handed out earlier this month.   a british man, chris norman, was in the same train carriage and helped to restrain the attacker after stone, sadler and skarlatos leaped to tackle him.   a brown county investigator spotted wilcox thursday night at about p.m. and attempted to stop him, but wilcox claimed he had a gun and drove away, officials said.   abruptly, i realised what the problem was -- i was terrified.   abu anas al-libi, , was on the fbi’s most-wanted list with a us$ million price on his head when he was captured by us troops in the libyan capital, tripoli, in october .   abubakar shekau released an eight-minute audio recording on sunday -- his first since march -- denying claims by chadian leader idriss deby that he had been replaced, and dismissing the president as a "hypocrite" and a "tyrant".   abuelghina says they have national aspirations not just for their wholesale operation but for restaurants as well.   abugov will stay on with the dance company until june before retiring.   a building that was being torn down collapsed with a thunderous boom, raining bricks on a neighboring thrift store, killing a woman and injuring at least other people in an accident that witnesses said was bound to happen.   abu mazen: all i can tell you is if you continue to navigate this way, you will collide with my ship.   a burial service was scheduled for midday thursday at the islamic association in neighboring raleigh.   a cadet of chinese people's liberation army conducts a bayonet drill at the pla's armoured forces engineering academy base, tuesday, july , .   "a caller had been able to escape the home at that point, get out and start to give us information."   a caller notified police at : p.m. saturday about a body near the rails to trails walkway between the d street bridge and th street.   a cameroonian journalist in the town described the "total panic" after the bombings.   a campuswide vigil was scheduled for thursday night.   a canadian coast guard lifeboat, a b.c. ferry, and cormorant and sea king helicopters responded, he said, but a pleasure craft arrived first on scene.   a candlelight vigil was held for pearce friday night at the health sciences centre helipad in st. john's.   a care manger, who wished to remain anonymous, said: “they are saying it’s about quality, but actually it’s not, because behind it, points out of are based on whether you’re closest to their price.   a car packed with explosives hit a checkpoint in the east of the small town, the security official said.   a "castell" is a human tower traditionally built during festivals in many places in catalonia.   a catholic reads the bible: the genesis by laura bernardini, cnn in the beginning..   a cbc analysis reveals that in , the northwest territories had nearly nine times the number of people in jail per capita than the canadian average.   a cbc news investigation found base funding for ontario hospitals has remained frozen since and, according to the province's budget numbers, future increases are projected to be less than inflation.   a cbs news/ new york times poll released ahead of the debate shows that clinton enjoys a considerable lead, with support from percent of democratic primary voters nationally.   accelerating towards elimination—a new who strategy who has developed a new global malaria strategy for the - period, which will be reviewed by the world health assembly in may .   accepting the globe for best original song for glory in the civil rights drama selma, the rapper common raised the status of the group behind the globes even higher: "i want to thank god and the hollywood foreign press."   "access to justice is virtually impossible.   access varies across canada across canada, rape kit access varies widely and information can be hard to find.   accidental stars: milky chance without the muscle of a record label, management or booking agents, it can be a painstaking experience - but worth it if the audience is found: once the money starts to flow, it ends up directly in the musician's pocket.   accompanying the group was superintendent of gruver, mr. david teal.   according to aaa $. is the current average in the greater cincinnati area.   according to aaa, refineries continue to operate, though news of the strike has reportedly caused higher wholesale gas prices.   according to a&e, eight minutes is the maximum amount of time he can talk to a sex worker because "any longer puts everyone's lives at risk."   according to an air china statement, the sparks from its plane stopped when the engine in question was powered down.   according to an analysis by the center for immigration studies, which advocates for reducing immigration, countries of the world's have a policy of birthright citizenship, with the u.s. and canada the only advanced economies to do so.   according to an anonymous defense official, carter's plan calls for each branch to draft an inclusion strategy by january , and begin implementing them by april.   according to a new brunswick sports hall of fame news release, he was drafted th overall by the chicago blackhawks in the draft and played nhl games for the blackhawks and quebec nordiques.   according to another officer's report, he "rolled her out of the chair to the floor."   according to a release from the district attorney's office, deputies discovered the parents were not home at the time, and later found their -year old daughter locked inside a room of their home.   according to a source, he is a “very strong” contender.   according to a statement released by the zoo on tuesday, nieas became agitated when he was confronted by a second male orang-utan after escaping from his paddock on monday night.   according to a study in the american journal of clinical nutrition, people who get much of their daily fluid intake from plain water tend to have healthier diets overall, including more fiber, less sugar, and fewer high-calorie foods.   according to a survey by the andres bello catholic university in caracas, .-. million venezuelans now live outside the country.   according to a turner classic movies article about the film, he gashed his hand in another scene and drank so much tea he was "the color of tannic acid."   according to a yahoo news report, jack king, , took on the "passport challenge," which awarded the restaurant's most frequent visitor with a free trip for two to a benihana location and a $, gift card.   according to ball, he changed his tune on protecting labrador seats after talking with people about why they were set up that way in the first place.   according to bin hammam, blatter was also well aware of this.   according to bloomberg, staff presented a number of possible scenarios to purchase up to billion euros in investment-grade assets to the ecb's policy-setting governing council at a meeting this week.   according to box office mojo, it had one of the worst wide openings in history and made just $. million overall.   according to budget analysts at the bipartisan policy center, a washington think tank, the government wouldn't actually miss a payment until nov. at the earliest.   according to carol benesh, who is with the group, the bells toll once for every day king abdullah reigned.   according to caut, most universities use contract instructors for more than half the courses.   according to cedar point spokesman bryan edwards, "park safety officials responded immediately to the situation.   according to census data, south africa has an estimated . million foreigners living within its borders, though many claim the figure to be much higher.   according to charging papers, langley was still near the qfc grocery store at the corner when the alleged victim returned moments later.   according to cirp, in march , apple had a little over million iphone owners in the us.   according to cnn, google co-founder sergey brin is one of wish of a lifetime's biggest individual donors.   according to co-owner tim egan, “it’s really this hyper-local approach to empowering not only our roasters that we work with, but also the craft coffee movement in d.c. people’s opinions about coffee are changing.”   according to court-appointed forensic psychiatrist konstantin karyofilis, niels h. was not mentally ill.   according to court documents, gray made eye contact with a police officer and took off running.   according to court documents, he made eye contact with a police officer and took off running.   according to documents presented during barrett's extradition hearing in the corporate area resident magistrate's court, prosecutors in the southern district of florida requested that he be sent there to stand trial on two counts of wire fraud.   according to duane bratt, chairman of policy studies at mount royal university, the liberals have crumbled for a number of reasons.   according to dw columnist frank sieren, funding comes, above all, from china.   according to eater l.a., the stores will all be shuttered by the end of october.   according to foundation officials, the income -- at least $ million and as much as more than twice that -- was not disclosed publicly because it was considered and tallied for tax purposes as revenue, rather than donations.   according to frohlich, a different type of electrical stimulation may yield better results: transcranial alternating current stimulation, which uses an alternating current, rather than a constant current, to stimulate the brain.   according to german news agency dpa, petry and adam even went so far as to block lucke's access to his party email account to show their displeasure with what they have previously described as his "despotic" leadership.   according to griespach, the curl-a-dog earns a thumbs down for his shop, but says consumers may have more time to spend to master this product.   according to ha's brother, speaking in november, the family does not believe ha took his own life, saying "we have no reason to believe that this was a suicide.   according to him, the hardware has received a number of improvements, after a year of experience in combat zone in ukraine’s east.   according to his team, dr. ghasri uses "his artistry in concert with cutting edge technology to bring about youth and beauty in his patients as well as care for their medical and surgical needs.   according to human rights watch, the united arab emirates has an appalling record when it comes to protecting domestic workers.   according to idc, apple's lead in the tablet market has officially slipped through its fingers.   according to industry canada, the "enhanced service will be available starting in ."   according to its latest -k, mcdonald’s says it has nearly $ billion in land and buildings.   according to its latest report, transgender sex workers like haima are among the most marginalized and vulnerable populations in china today.   according to kids on the bus, the -year-old special needs student was not following the instructions of the driver.   according to kothari, the pricing model isn't set in stone, they'll likely be adding more tiers soon.   according to le figaro, the world-famous oil-on-canvas was part of a promo for an art history video about the artwork, broadcasted by the highbrow tv channel arte.   according to local police officials, the girl's parents offered her several incentives, such as chocolates and toys to entice her, however when the girl was still reluctant, her father decided to take matters in his own hands.   according to media reports, the attackers had fixed gopro cameras to themselves in order to film and broadcast their brutal acts.   according to nasa, the full moon will reach its peak at : a.m. est on dec. . not since has christmas been brightened by a full moon, and it won't happen again until .   according to nettinga, the governor's recommendation could leave each classroom unit in the state a couple of thousand dollars short of what they need.   according to police, mana saito entered the police station at around p.m. monday and was taken into protective custody.   according to prosecutors, elshinawy, , allegedly pledged his support to isis in february, telling a contact in egypt that his "soul was over there with the jihadists."   according to provincial ministry of environment's daily wildfire update, there were active wildfires in saskatchewan on tuesday and in total so far this season.   according to redman, the woman did appear to be injured.   according to research carried out by dick marty, a special envoy from the european council, the army is linked to numerous war crimes, shootings and kidnappings.   according to statistics, within the last year alone the number of patrons of the above-mentioned libraries has grown by around people.   according to the administration official, israel made it clear in private and public that they do not want to discuss increasing us defense support at this time.   according to the ap investigation, the hackers got: wallace first came across the breach while tracking a new strain of noxious software that had been used to steal student housing files at the university of california, santa barbara.   according to the associated press, people have been complaining about how the water looks and tastes, and saying they think troubling maladies—like hair loss and rashes—are linked to poor water quality.   according to the brewers association, craft beer hit percent market share by volume in , the first time it hit double digits.   according to the california department of public health, recent tests have shown high levels of domoic acid in crab meat and viscera, or crab butter.   according to the company, the average twitch user watches minutes on the site per day or a total of billion minutes per month for all users.   according to the complaint, interdigital is also using the prospect of an import ban to coerce microsoft into paying the price interdigital wants for access to its technology.   according to the country’s prime minister, such an increase is necessary and will be aimed at combating the growing threat from extremists, as alone in france, , people must now be kept under surveillance by law enforcement.   according to the eu mandate, the negotiators are mainly searching for "more compatible regulations" to allow industry to reduce costs.   according to the finance minister, due to the inflationary effects of the rising cost of living over time, the concessionary loan policy has not kept pace with the current realities in terms of the interest rate levels and the threshold amount.   according to the group, the thursday attack killed residents of the camp and injured dozens more.   according to the hollywood reporter, in , frankel settled a $ million lawsuit over her popular skinnygirl cocktail brand after a management company accused her of cutting them out of the lucrative deal when she sold her company.   according to the incident report, a deputy received a call from the jackson county jail commander that an inmate had relayed to an officer that the suspect boasted of plans to kill one of the department’s detectives.   according to the internal affairs and communications ministry, the notification cards will be mailed to the households of foreigners who have residence certificates in japan, but a foreign-language letter of announcement will not be enclosed.   according to the latest aaa travel survey conducted by ihs global insight, this is a .% increase from .   according to the latest information, about , asylum seekers have arrived in finland this year.   according to the lawsuit, ellen newlin chase learned of the show’s use of the lyrics in august , when she was researching her mother’s history for an article she was writing and came across a blog post discussing the use of the lyrics on the show.   according to the lawsuit, the big bang theory, one of the highest-rated shows on television, used lyrics written by newlin in the s without buying the rights.   according to the lawyer behind it, dozens more could be on the way.   according to the listing, the verified host is a woman named "judith," though as curbed points out the profile picture is a stock photo of c-list celebrity dita de leon.   according to the ndp, saskatoon care aide peter bowden was suspended after he visited the legislature in march to identify concerns about the health of seniors.   according to the new mormon rules, children of gay and lesbian parents may not join the church until they are , move out of their parents' home, and disavow same-sex relationships.   according to the nonpartisan business group environmental entrepreneurs, more than , clean energy and clean transportation jobs were announced nationwide through the first three quarters of , with more on the way.   according to the officers, people were shooting at them and they returned fire.   according to the office’s investigation, chiu married his wife in , when she was , and had a daughter with her, but the couple had often fought over accusations of infidelity.   according to the officials, russia has sent su- attack aircraft, su- ground attack aircraft and four flanker fighter jets.   according to the oxford english dictionary - hope is a noun - "a feeling of expectation and a desire for a particular thing to happen."   according to the palestinian centre for human rights, people have been sentenced to death in the occupied territories since the creation of the palestinian authority in .   according to the pentagon, there may be iranians operating heavy artillery and rocket launchers as well.   according to the plan, greece has committed to increasing reception capacity to , places by the end of the year.   according to the prosecution’s case, the accused teen used a twitter account to advertise his swatter-for-hire services.   according to the report, soft oil prices are expected to persist in and will be accompanied by significant real income shifts from oil-exporting to oil-importing countries.   according to the saudi embassy, the decision by the king not to attend was down to "the timing of the summit, the scheduled humanitarian ceasefire in yemen and the opening of the king salman center for humanitarian aid."   according to the school website, it is a phrase that "would be used when reminding someone, critical of another, that that person was also a living being, with a voice and a viewpoint."   according to the student's attorney, daniel watkins, "just before handcuffing him, police took martese to the ground, striking his head on the pavement and causing him to bleed profusely from the gash on his head."   according to the trainers' association, while % of all high schools have some access to an athletic trainer, only % of all high schools have full-time athletic trainers.   according to the united nations human development index, it ranks out of countries in terms of economic and social development.   according to the united nations, more than , people have been killed in the conflict to date, including hundreds of children.   according to the vatican, million people turned out to see the pope.   according to the windows folks, ios apps will better integrate with windows but not completely.   according to ukrainian president petro poroshenko, there are currently , russian troops on ukrainian soil.   according to westlaw data, out of decisions involving discrimination and retaliation over the past two years, california's first district court of appeal affirmed of cases where the employer won in the trial court, or percent.   accusations from council mayor dennis o'keefe and coun.   a celebration on the long journey back to the north-east perhaps - but once the euphoria dies down, owner short will reflect that it cannot always be like this, struggling then appointing a new manager to save sunderland from relegation.   a central african republic refugee casts his ballot in elections in the border town of garoua boulai … "i expect these elections to be a new start of our country," said candidate ziquele of the movement for the liberation of the central african people.   a centralia school resource officer was notified of the note around a.m. the centralia school district said the note "stated a student was planning on killing people during a school assembly, scheduled for the afternoon."   a certified public accountant (cpa) or an accountant who specializes in condo-association books can look at either and tell you if the association is healthy or has the capability to be so.   a charmingly madcap adventure about love, life, and man's eternal love affair with..   a citizens group has fought to maintain the -year-old building, which the anglican church replaced years ago.   a city of montreal bylaw, passed on aug. , says wood-burning devices must be declared by dec. to ensure they meet emissions standards.   a city of winnipeg spokesperson says the building has several serious fire and building code violations, and work was done on its electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems without the required permits.   a civil court clerk who works in that building told yahoo news that the number of divorce filings and people seeking passport applications had drastically declined given the fortress-like security.   a civilian vehicle exploded on the mine," a security source said.   acknowledge your love for one another.   acknowledging these costs now can help you avoid them and keep them from busting your budget at the last minute.   a clarification turned into a shouting match and ended with an ejection.   a clerk at the store told police he was walking out of the station's bathroom when he saw several men robbing paruchuri.   a climate deal is an important task for the state, grillo said, but added that industry leaders are convinced that economic expertise will be necessary to actually reach the goals.   a close friend of ashmawy's was detained by state security agents, they say, adding that they believe the man was tortured and died in custody.   a closer look into the announcement last year that the debt to make retirement payments stood at nt$. trillion shows the figure was arrived at by adding debt from monthly pensions to debt from future payments to people who are yet to retire.   a cnn original series who bankrolled christ's ministry?   a coal miner's daughter with a degree in ethnography, szydlo became a member of parliament with pis in .   • a cohort of less healthy customers, who hoped fitbit would get them into shape but quickly abandon the device when it doesn’t.   a combination of astonishment and horror has gripped volkswagen headquarters, one manager relates.   a commission of people established by bowser came up with about recommendations overall.   a committee made up of senior leaders from different federal agencies worked on the security plan, with different subcommittees under those leaders, murray said.   a common refrain within the tech industry is "hardware is hard" -- and for good reason.   a company spokesman said all domestic flights departing from dallas-fort worth, chicago o'hare and miami had been halted.   a company spokeswoman said gilani is one of seven confirmed deaths in tuesday night's amtrak derailment in philadelphia.   a complete new school."   a computer selects who will see their surviving relatives.   "a concave lens spreads it out."   a confident clinton on tuesday took numerous questions on the email matter, speaking for more than minutes.   a congregation of the disciples of christ & the united church of christ. -, www.allpilgrims.org living water fellowship. :am-worship. ne th st, kenmore.   a connection to home that these communities would take names directly related to britain makes sense, said adam pole, a lecturer in the history department at the university of windsor.   a constituent assembly elected in failed to draft a new charter, and another assembly was elected in .   a constitutional amendment designed to keep her out of power says anyone with a spouse or children who are citizens of another country cannot be the president.   a conventional dancer would memorize his or her form in a mirror.   acorn describes itself as an independent organization advocating for low and moderate income families, with more than , members.   across the central plains, including cities such as wichita, kansas; oklahoma city; little rock, arkansas; and springfield, missouri, thunderstorms will be strongest in the afternoon and continue to be gusty and heavy into thursday night.   across town, about representatives from syria's fragmented political and armed opposition groups are making an unprecedented bid for unity ahead of potential negotiations with president bashar al-assad's regime.   across yemen, . million people are lacking access to basic healthcare, an increase of percent since march, the group said.   a crowd hurling stones and plastic bottles forced serbian prime minister aleksandar vucic to flee a ceremony on saturday marking the th anniversary of the srebrenica massacre of about , muslims in bosnia.   acting ceo of sweden's volvo ab jan gurander said this was easier to achieve in china than in europe, where workers enjoy more protections and factory shutdowns can be politically sensitive.   acting insp douglas said the licensed gun had been taken from its cabinet in the loft.   "action initiated," said a line under the heading department of corrections.   activation lock requires an apple id and password when trying to disconnect your watch from your phone or use the watch with a different iphone.   activist and film director sahraa karimi said she was disappointed that unlike ghani, the president's wife, rula, has not yet spoken publicly about the killing.   activists had urged google to get rid of the map amid fears it could fuel violence.   activists have picketed the uw president's mansion as well as the home of william ayer, chairman of the board of regents.   activists were calling on the commission to vote down the project, saying the expansion of marine-mammal exhibits would only allow for even more breeding of orcas in captivity.   activity in the housing market has slowed dramatically in calgary — around per cent so far this year.   actor dan aykroyd, at the philadelphia flower show on saturday, says he'll make a donation to the officer's family.   actor leonard nimoy, who was best-known for his role as mr. spock in the "star trek" franchise, died on feb. , .   actress is first model with down syndrome in new york fashion week by lisa respers france, cnn jamie brewer is about to make fashion history as the first model with down syndrome to walk a runway during new york fashion week.   actress joan collins poses for a portrait on tuesday, dec. , , in new york.   act two takes on vocal fry and makes the amusing argument that it only angers old people.   actually hit the suspect with police vehicle?   actually, i mowed the front lawn and i had long pants on and it was so nice i decided i was going to do that back lawn in my shorts," he said.   “actually, it was a great experience,’’ he said.   actually, who are you not to be?"   a currency trader puts her hand to her head at the foreign exchange dealing room of the korea exchan … in asia, japan's benchmark nikkei gained . percent to ,. after dropping to its lowest point for the year monday.   a cut in serbia's repo rate took the number of central banks around the world that have cut rates this year to .   a cycling event is planned for january next year and public transportation would be provided for cyclists and other tourists to and from the new zuoying high-speed rail station in kaohsiung, chien said.   a cyclist posting on a road bike forum says that an encounter between themself and a self-driving car ended up with neither moving more than a few inches for a good two minutes.   adam green, co-founder of the progressive change campaign committee, a progressive group that helped lead the charge to draft warren into the race, said biden will need to work harder to convince progressives he'll stand up for their priorities.   adam lyth was eight not out-- after cover-driving the last ball of the session, from mitchell starc, for four -- and alastair cook, the england captain, four not out.   adamson had emailed dennis oland about his outstanding payments, telling him to send more post-dated cheques and he replied saying he would, but asked her to hold off on cashing the first one.   adams was of for yards and a touchdown in the first half on third downs.   a day or two later, i had a guide to how i was going to lose weight from him, and i dropped pounds in about a year.   ad choices link your subscription already have a login?   ad choices outlook.com flight cancellations for monday and tuesday have topped ,.   ad choices outlook.com the new york times released about a third of the pages of personal emails slated for release by the state department.   added on gmt ( hkt) july , federal authorities are investigating a gun-carrying drone that was built by a teenager.   addiction was in the family.   adding heat to a vigorous workout certainly ups the ante for endurance and conditioning.   adding intrigue to the game is the fact that nola is in line to oppose daniel norris, the blue jays' top prospect.   adding to the challenge is that southern california — the nation’s largest food market — is a particularly tough nut to crack.   “addison put himself in a great pack of other runners that allowed him to push himself to a ninth place overall finish in the state,” sellers said.   “addison stepped up and ran his best race so far in this career,” sellers said.   "additional candidates will receive invitations if they meet all of the previously released debate criteria."   additionally, are marketers receiving maximum value by exclusively looking at just their personas?   additionally, "install a browser extension like priceblink, which automatically searches the web and displays better prices at competitive retailers before you add a product to your cart.   additionally, ppb has offered resources to the douglas county sheriff's office and oregon state police.   additionally, religious conviction and participation in religious activities can also assist in curbing or preventing poor mental health.   additionally, the president's reticence, or even his inability to do the washington two-step, only adds fuel to the fire of their negative opinions about the president.   additionally, the sbu is verifying information on her possible coordinated actions with militants from the so-called donetsk people’s republic.   additionally, they allowed foley to serve as chair of a congressional caucus on missing and exploited children, right up until he resigned from congress.   additionally, they must be privately held, independent, and for profit.   additionally, we are increasingly placing advertisements for our products within our other products.   "additionally, we spoke with ms. ahmad this afternoon to get a better understanding of what occurred and to apologize for not delivering the service our customers expect when traveling with us," the statement read.   additional reporting by huang shu-li this story has been viewed times.   additional symptoms include: headache, fatigue, loss of appetite, confusion and diarrhea.   add meat mixture to cooked pasta with cheese sauce; mix well.   add-ons —repeals the four-decade ban on exports of u.s. crude oil.   addressing the un general assembly, putin said it was a huge mistake not to engage the syrian army in the fight against islamic state.   add to the price tag the cost of the building, about $ million, and you've got yourself one of the most expensive cultural institutions ever conceived.   add water and freeze overnight.   add your comments below.   a dearth of young people forced the school to close in the town of stockholm (pop. ) in .   a dec. , internal memo said that cms expected to launch audits of spending “soon” and that “at least forty” would take place.   a decade later, then-gov.   a decade later, they had the chance to do the same again when george w. bush pushed for comprehensive reform.   a decision isn’t expected for least a month.   a defense psychologist wrote that hernandez's psychological problems and intellectual limitations make him more likely than other people to confess falsely.   a demobilization ceremony at the linn county fairgrounds marked the return of the nd batallion, nd infantry regiment.   a democrat, scraggs sought the interim appointment as county clerk back in and was one of those interviewed for the position by the county commission.   a department for education spokesman said arts subjects were statutory in primary schools and up to the start of gcses.   a department spokesperson said it's a good investment that has the potential to reach seven million people, based on viewership of similar buzzfeed postings.   a deportation order was issued, but with the help of a lawyer, he won the right to stay in taiwan during the appeal process — though he chose not to.   a deputy providing backup ended up shooting bevel in the shoulder.   a derecho is a line of especially powerful winds that causes damage for at least miles.   a dermatologist advised that multiple sensitizers in hair dye products will increase chances of allergic reaction and its severity, the council said.   adil helped patel add an invaluable for the seventh wicket with patel.   adi nadimpalli, a physician with doctors without borders working in monrovia, liberia, where measles cases have been identified, said it's "absolutely necessary" to now vaccinate against measles.   a display case with the apple watch in different colors at an apple store in berlin.   a dispute between parliament and abadi could further hinder reform efforts by the premier, who has already struggled to effect signficant or lasting changes.   "a division of hearts cannot overcome difficulty.   adler said he doesn't know if gm will make the same recommendation again.   admittedly, when i heard that the wep was being founded a few months ago, i was sceptical.   admitting , syrians would be a massive increase, since refugee admission targets were set at , per year for the past few fiscal years.   adnani has called on muslims beyond the caliphate to "kill any disbeliever, whether he be french, american, or from any of their allies."   a donation centre, opened nov. in the former coast guard warehouse across from the delta hotel in charlottetown, will close temporarily after dec. for inventory, notes the province.   adopted brother of naacp leader adds to race allegations rachel dolezal, the embattled president of spokane's naacp chapter, faces more troubling questions.   a double whammy has driven down canadian prices since the beginning of july: north american prices have dropped and heavy oil from canada has fallen further because of increased supply and the closure of refineries and pipelines.   a dozen ships from several countries, along with at least one private ship, were involved in the rescue operations saturday, the italian coast guard said.   a dozen strikes in iraq - near mosul, falluja and haditha, among other cities - hit seven units of islamic state fighters and destroyed two buildings, among other targets, the u.s.-led group said in statement on friday.   "adp confirms what we saw all along and i think tomorrow's jobs report is strong."   adrian turpin, hunter thompson and malik el amin all scored in double digits to put away a winless commerce team by the third quarter.   adult mussels were found on the float underneath a dock and appeared to be dead.   a dusk-to-dawn curfew is in force along kenya's km border with somalia and helicopters monitor its palm-fringed coast, popular with western tourists and the scene of islamist attacks in the past.   advanced automation will allow the warship to operate with a much smaller crew size than current destroyers.   advocates have been pushing gov. jerry brown to boost services such as child care, welfare and affordable housing.   aecom did not admit to treating tamosaitis unfairly, according to the agreement filed in court.   aeromobil's first offering will necessarily be aimed at affluent enthusiasts.   aerospace has the most trade-supported union jobs: ,, according to the study, which was commissioned by the washington council on international trade and prepared by research company community attributes.   a european diplomat told cnn that the osce mission is considering moving two of its four operational drones, currently stationed in mariupol, to areas closer to debaltseve since they have been unable to enter the town.   a faculty member of the university’s institute of sociology said that a faculty committee reviews all students in the institute’s master of arts program after their first year.   a fairview fiber optic cable damaged during the japan earthquake, for example, was repaired on the same date as an at&t cable.   a favorite destination is london.   a feasibility study is now in progress.   a feasibility study will be carried out to build two european pressurised reactors in saudi arabia, french foreign minister laurent fabius announced after a meeting with saudi defence minister prince mohamed bin salman in paris.   a federal judge agreed to look into whether the eeoc's attempt to settle the case was "sincere and reasonable."   a federal jury ruled last month in herx's favor and awarded her $. million in damages.   a festival ought not be static - the music, after all, isn’t static either.   a few examples, according to yoon, include multi-screen viewing and video conferencing.   a few eyebrows were raised when details of sheikh's background began to trickle in. he wasn't your 'regular' religious militant.   a few flurries possible today another chilly day is in store for us with quite a bit in the way of cloud cover and even maybe a few flurries.   a few hours without a cigarette and, no matter how much i've vaped, i'm itching to light one up.   a few moments later, as carson discussed his flat-tax proposal, kasich piped back up: "this is the fantasy that i talked about in the beginning," adding, "it's not responsible."   a few months after starting the food recovery program in berkeley, ahmad got a call from a dining hall manager ready to donate leftover sandwiches.   a few months later on july , the mexican national is alleged to have shot to death kate steinle, , as she walked with her father along san francisco's waterfront.   a few weeks after the olympics, the ioc ruled that backstrom hadn't intended to enhance his performance, laying the blame for his positive test on the sweden team doctor.   a few weeks ago in my hometown, a -year-old boy died after being shot by a -year-old sibling.   "a few weeks into the crisis and a lot of customers are still confused," says dave mason of mentor training, a consultancy that specialises in crisis communications.   a few weeks later, they learned that the lebanese public prosecutor had charged each of them with “inciting sectarian strife” and “denigrating religion.”   affordability has become a problem as prices have climbed at a faster clip than incomes.   afghanistan afghan taliban and government conclude peace talks talks between the afghan taliban and the government in kabul have concluded in islamabad.   afghans currently make up the second largest nationality, after syrians, arriving in europe.   "afghans without need for asylum coming on the arctic route from russia, risk being sent to kabul," martin andersson, a press adviser with the udi told cnn.   a fiber bundle contains dozens of tiny glass fibers — each about the width of a human hair — that use light waves to transmit data.   a fifth of tokyo was left a smoldering expanse of charred bodies and rubble.   a film crew from quebec is shooting the french-language movie pays about three women juggling their professional and personal lives while trying to solve a political crisis in a small island nation called besco.   a final decision is to be taken in lima in the middle of .   a firefighter from the station said that six out of seven of the stables were burnt down and it was the cause of the fire is believed to be suspicious.   a fireman looked at me and said, 'you are excused.'   a first is that an admission that euro membership is no longer irrevocable would encourage financial markets to seek out the next most vulnerable victim for speculative attack.   a flattered ireland close the gap to two by halftime when ronan o'gara feigns a dropped goal attempt, launches an attack and finishes it.   a fluent english speaker with a phd in international law from the university of denver, he is a veteran loyalist of the islamic revolution that toppled the shah in .   a former synérgie employee said sales reps would set up booths inside large retail stores, shopping malls or gas stations.   a four-time winner on the european tour and twice a runner-up on the pga tour, cejka had vaulted to the top of the leader board on friday with a series of late birdies.   afp via getty images the marshall islands has put climate change at the top of its political and diplomatic agenda.   a frantic search was launched,white was never seen again until his body was found.   a french court now puts her under investigation for "negligence."   africa cup of nations photos africa cup of nations – wilfried bony (far right) is congratulated by his ivory coast teammates after scoring during the - win over algeria in the afcon quarterfinals.   'africa is not a country' campaign february , -- updated gmt ( hkt) they say there are no stupid questions -- but are there?   "african-american enrollees rose . percent to ,, while the number of applicants increased by . percent to a total of ,."   a friend may ask for honest advice and then become angry when you deliver it, or do the opposite of what you suggest.   after years i retired to dayton, where i have lived for years.   "after years in prison, he wants to get his life back on track," said eliot lauer, one of pollard's attorneys.   after a couple of weekends building theatrical muscle in warwickshire, morton-smith got to pitch ideas to the rsc literary department.   after adding other income and subtracting expenses — such as salaries — it generated a surplus of million euros.   after a delay of minutes, seconds, the play stood and fans continued to throw objects on the field.   after a dismal summer, which saw the worst quarter for global equities since , traders say fund managers are ready to pile back in, hoping the recent market reversal was a hiccup rather than the end of a six-year bull market.   after a few seconds, a facebook message from a purported isis supporter pops up on the screen: "hey, i like the stuff you like on facebook.   after a freak accident sees the theater burst into flame, the teenager literally cuts the screen in two in hopes she and her friends can escape.   after a full day of deliberations, jurors found alex rios guilty of two counts of second-degree murder after hearing gruesome details about the attack on allison gorman, , and kee thompson, , in a vacant lot in albuquerque in july .   after all, its databases have enormous potential for use in blackmail schemes.   after all, jacksonville enjoyed one of its most impressive offensive performances in franchise history.   after all, president xi himself has said, "if you want to go fast, go alone; if you want to go far, go together".   after all, there's no denying this year's attacks.   after all, they're not the only ones to have lost jobs.   "after all this time, i think that the boys took the right choice," lufti said, with pride in his voice.   after almost two months of jury selection, opening arguments in the case are set to begin wednesday, in spite of continued efforts by tsarnaev’s defense team to move the trial out of boston.   after a much-criticized performance in , fedex and ups beefed up holiday-season staffing and performed much better in .   after an opening , woods started strongly friday with successive birdies -- but gave them up with a double-bogey six at the fourth hole, where he made a mess of his bunker shot.   after a number of tests, the researchers found dna from a type of tapeworm called h. nana in the man's tumor.   after a previous dust-up about who was counseling him on world issues, jeb was asked tuesday about his foreign policy advisers.   after a scoreless first, the bears struck first when erik burgdoerfer lofted a shot in from the point that got past zatkoff.   after a special champions league night on tuesday, bayern munich has been dealt some bad news.   after a standing ovation, dylan said: "critics say i can't carry a tune and i talk my way through a song.   after a stint in business communications, he moved back to farmingdale and began working for an inflatables company.   after a weekend hit hard by the affects of hurricane patricia, the spectators in austin were rewarded with a topsy-turvy race, which looked set to fall to rosberg until his late mistake allowed hamilton through.   after a widely panned mac version last year, quicken launched a mac version for that lets users pay bills directly from the program, transfer money between accounts and call for support or live-chat with a representative.   after being asked about their involvement or any concerns about the project, health canada said it is "aware of research to attempt to produce in vitro synthetic opioids on a small scale.   after being convicted of the sex assaults, henry was declared a dangerous offender and given an indefinite sentence.   after chicago forced a backcourt violation rose drove the lane and missed a running layup, but pau gasol was there to tip the ball into the basket for the winning points.   after conducting a study that examined close to million comments, it was found that trolls can be algorithmically identified before they've written posts.   after creating unique campaigns for each of their clients, the firm go out and meet with consumers in person, allowing them to interact with a brand face to face which helps to create stronger, longer lasting bonds.   after days of fighting and fleeing had left his forces haggard, hungry and surrounded, lee surrendered his army of northern virginia on april , , to the union's ulysses s. grant at the mclean house at appomattox court house.   after drawing more than , people to an event in arizona, sanders said, "progressives will never win unless we plant a flag in these states.   after ending the long winless drought, nuno did everything in his power to downplay his role in the game.   after factoring in the new taiwan dollar’s appreciation of almost nt$. against the us dollar, the company is to lower gasoline prices by . percent, with diesel prices keeping flat, the statement added.   after failed attempts to pull him in through a window, andres was lowered from the roof in a harness.   after finishing school, blatter studied business and economy in lausanne.   after four weeks docked to the space station, the spacex cargo capsule will carry experiments, trash and other items back to earth.   "after full consideration of this weekend's attacks of terror on innocent citizens in paris, i will oppose any attempt to relocate syrian refugees to alabama through the us refugee admissions program," said alabama governor robert bentley.   after half an hour, the rechargeable battery built into the glasses frame has run down, so a cable now hangs from the glasses, connecting them to a back-up battery.   after harley lawrence was killed in october , it took six months for police to declare lawrence's death a homicide, and surette and fredericks were not charged until april .   after hearing about the new proposal, he decided to see what other traders thought about the plans and realised no-one supported it.   after he crashed and burned in the race for president, a re-energized rick perry is back on the political stage to try again.   after he lost to his conservative challenger he said he would keep his word and step down.   after her recovery, pham sued the company that owns the hospital where she worked, saying it had failed to properly train and protect workers against the threat posed by the ebola virus.   after he was exiled from tibet in , his holiness the dalai lama co-founded the mind and life institute in massachusetts, employing western scientific methods to test the benefits proclaimed by ancient buddhist practices.   after he was wounded in the shootings, while waiting for medics, he said, he looked at their photos on his desk and yelled repeatedly, "i will not die on this floor, not like this.   after his expulsion, the former mashonaland west provincial chairman was recalled from parliament, resulting in the seat falling vacant.   after his release, he and his family went into hiding and then fled iraq.   after his work search visa expired, gumilang continued to apply for jobs in germany from abroad, but the interview invitations dried up after he had to leave the country.   after hitting a rare straight drive, tiger was left with a long downhill shot to the green, of the sort he used to hit like a laser.   after holding there, djokovic broke for a - lead when federer shanked a forehand, then missed a backhand wide.   "after-hours trading is a bit of a wild west."   after initially threatening legal action, qatar withdraws its complaint when valcke explains he was referring to qatar's large, and legal, campaign budget, rather than bribes.   after its landmark nuclear deal in july, iran will strive "to reclaim its spot as the organization of petroleum exporting countries' biggest producer after saudi arabia," the iea predicted.   after juve had shaded a balanced first half at the stadio renzo barbera, mandzukic broke the deadlock when he rose above aljaz struna to head paulo dybala’s curling delivery past a beaten stefano sorrentino on minutes.   after leaving the white house, mr. carter founded the center in atlanta in to promote health care, democracy and other issues globally.   after lincoln's death, someone retrieved his quill pen, used to write so many of his words, from his desk at the white house.   "after living here, i do not need a big house," ota continued.   after marketplace contacted sears, the company removed the word "toy" from the product description.   after midnight, soufan got a call from kubaisi’s chief of staff saying that his boss couldn’t meet that night.   after missouri played vanderbilt on oct. , pinkel said he scheduled a pet scan on oct. for reassessment.   after months of torture, little mo fought back and attacked her husband.   after mrs ireland’s facebook post was shared, the managing director of john lewis, andy street, was also alerted to billy’s kind actions.   after my baby is born, how do i indicate my preferences?   after nato's withdrawal, it presents the biggest test yet for fledgling afghan national security forces, trained at a cost of $ billion to try to put down an insurgency aimed at toppling the pro-western government in kabul.   after officers respond, a van driven by the suspect strikes a squad car and the suspect begins exchanging fire with officers.   after one to two hours, she was allowed to dress and resume work, the court heard.   after producing nine olympics at nbc and running his own production company, neal joined fox three years ago.   after raheem sterling, kevin de bruyne and fernando squandered chances for city, manager manuel pellegrini cannot wait for striker sergio aguero to return from a hamstring injury that has kept him out of the last seven games.   after raju's shock disclosures six years ago, the indian government fired satyam's board.   after requesting asylum and registering with authorities, migrants are sent to one of hungary's refugee centers but most try to quickly leave for richer eu countries like germany or sweden.   after resigning from khs in he went on to lead the hoopster basketball club, a nine-month program designed to develop both individual skills and the character of players.   after returning a kickoff yards for a touchdown and a punt yards for another score earlier in the preseason, lockett flashed his straight-ahead speed as a wide receiver.   after riding a wave of strong iphone sales from the release of bigger-display phones, apple is facing questions once again about whether it can continue to grow.   after "rocky horror's" big-screen debut, o'brien stayed involved in theater and television, and now is more likely to be found in new zealand enjoying newlywed life.   after running a check of bland's driving history, the trooper returns and asks her to put out her cigarette, which she refuses to do, saying she has the right to smoke in her own vehicle.   after searching for mcdonald's, the app and website gave locations within several blocks from the ap office, but the one that is closest wasn't on the list.   after sept. , his work was instrumental in tracing funds used by the hijackers to carry out the attack.   after serving in iraq, he decided to change careers and move into art.   after several tries i can get it to go away, but it always comes back after a few minutes.   after sheriff's deputies arrived, welch walked out of the house carrying a shotgun and walked along a road, where she dropped the weapon, authorities said.   after six months, those who received varenicline were more than four times more likely to quit than those who took a sugar pill -- . percent on the medication stopped smoking, compared to . percent of the placebo group.   after six years i prepared to go back to my homeland, but when i was about to start my journey the war broke out.   after six years of planning, the microsoft store will open at fifth avenue, where products will be showcased across two floors spanning , square feet (, square meters).   after small business saturday, follow-up with those who entered within the next few days to thank them for their participation and provide more information on your website and ways to keep in touch on your social media pages.   after some time south of tampa, they settled about miles north of the city, in spring hill.   after sporadic appearances on tv, she landed a hit comedy with hbo's "veep."   after stephen harper, who will lead the conservatives?   after subtracting commissions, yahoo's display ad revenue declined percent from the previous year in the fourth quarter.   after sunday's ballgame, the jays still have another games to play this season.   after taking office, president clinton chose his wife to head a special commission on health care reform, the most significant public policy initiative of his first year in office.   after talks with president barack obama in washington, massud barzani thanked us-led forces for their air support in the battle against the jihadists, but called for more humanitarian aid.   after telling friends, who were also in the marketing field, about his tools, he discovered they were willing to pay him money for access to them.   after that, he plied his trade occasionally, and more or less thanklessly, at book fairs and on city streets.   after that, make a ritual of winding down in the evening with a cup of chamomile tea.   after that, they should be tested every month until they have two consecutive negative tests.   after that we were a little bit nervous but in the second half we played very controlled football and could have scored more than one."   after the to million undocumented immigrants in the us are… christian science monitor the art of playing game of war without spending $$ learn how to take advantage of loop holes in game of war to take advantage of opponents.   after the albrecht's immigration arrest, the pending court hearing against paul on september , , was dismissed.   after the attacks on new york and washington, these suspicious contacts made al-awlaki the subject of intense fbi interest.   after the attacks, she called for tighter border controls and a return to the death penalty.   after the bats abandon it, kasanka is spectacular in a different way: all that remains of bat central are stripped, broken trees and an eerie silence.   after the bolt show on sunday, it's the women's sprint that will highlight monday's program.   after the camera is set, we start the interview.   after the death of his idol and mentor johnny carson (whom letterman credited with launching his own career, and whose final television appearance was on “the late show”) letterman did a heartfelt tribute.   after the election to succeed havelange, blatter beat off stiff competition from lennart johansson of sweden.   after the fall of the berlin wall, when the gdr was falling apart, he fled to west berlin, where he handed himself in to police.   after the fourth installment, age of extinction, paramount and hasbro tasked a number of writers with developing the future of the franchise.   after the heartache of conceding a last-minute winner against senegal in its opener, ecstasy has followed with the black stars stealing all three points at the death in their second group c match against tournament favorite algeria.   after the holdup, all six raped the woman and forced the man to helplessly look on.   after the housing bubble crashed, more children than ever began showing up as his restaurant's profits plummeted by to percent, he said.   after the lawsuit was filed in august , the small business administration took over servicing of tn bidco's loans, according to a letter sent to the company in january from the agency's office of credit risk management.   after the man admitted he was the suspect seen in video in a yellow shirt, he confessed to the bombing, thailand national police spokesman prawut thavornsiri told reporters.   after the mass, his motorcade took him past cheering crowds to an abbreviated lunch with survivors of haiyan, and then to a cathedral in the city of palo.   after the movie opened, spielberg and screenwriter gottlieb would sneak into screenings in los angeles and stand in the back of the theater "just to watch the sold-out audience visibly rise out of their seats with a collective shriek."   after the pleas were entered, the -year-old sat in the prisoner's box and listened to six victim impact statements.   after the referendum was announced, lines quickly formed outside greek atms.   after the short hearing, avenia said it was too soon to comment on the case.   after the story aired, others offered to help as well.   after the supreme court legalized same-sex marriage in june, kentucky gov. steven beshear (d) ordered county clerks in the state to uphold their oaths and follow the law.   after the tuareg fighters seized the region, a power struggle erupted with local islamist radicals.   “after the wash-out and then a defeat like tuesday, we have got to dig deep and try to get the boys back firing.   after three lengthy sessions with the media during super bowl week, patriots players concluded their availability for the week and are looking forward to finally being able to focus on sunday’s game against the seahawks.   "after three months of union slowdowns, it makes no sense to pay extra for less work," maritime association spokesman wade gates said of weekend work in a written statement.   after trying to "puncture" himself, the man went upstairs, where police tackled him.   after two eventful rounds of semi-finals for the eurovision song contest in copenhagen, the frontrunners have now emerged in the world's biggest music competition.   after waiting a moment, abadi turned and walked away.   afterward, i left the memorial park and wandered along the streets and looked a bit in the store windows, or, to be exact, i looked in the glass of the store windows to see how i looked.   afterwards, her hand rose to her face for a brief second when i heard a faint but audible gasp, before she began to weep."   afterwards he said: "it wasn't very pleasant, but i am ok.   afterwards, the segment’s producer, hoping to amplify a remark one of us had made about the dead’s infamous inconsistency, asked if i could point him toward any performances that were “particularly terrible.”   after world war ii the national landscape changed, and the culture-shaping force that christianity once exerted -- through the political, financial and intellectual dominance of mainline protestants -- disappeared.   after years of being wary of trampling much smaller trans rights groups' work, its chief executive ruth hunt said there was "so much more we can achieve together" but added: "we recognise that we are not instant experts."   after years of big orders, the industry is now turning its focus to dealing with record backlogs and delivering planes on time.   after years of communist ruin, the club has found success with a tried-and-tested soccer formula: bags of cash.   “after years of uncertainty, fda still has not addressed basic questions regarding implementation,” the american pizza community, a trade group, said thursday.   after yelling and screaming at the bears, ananov managed to scare them off the ice floe, he says, "luckily.   after you take out your bitbite, you might need to clean your ears.   a full copy of the film is not yet available, and emmerich’s publicist declined the huffington post’s request for an interview.   a fund was set up for her at https://www.   a fusion of cultures, techniques the restaurant is a labour of love for wu and morris.   again and again, the ethics office responsible for vetting his appearances hurriedly signed off on them, even in cases where questions had been raised about the behavior of organizations hiring bill clinton to appear.   again, be realistic: until your taste buds adjust, some processed foods may simply taste better to you than whole foods, and the transition will take time.   again, brady led his offense down the field to hit julian edelman for a touchdown, taking a - lead.   again, just look at the cornrows.   again pacific press via getty images when terrorists killed teachers and children at a peshawar school last december, a burst of commentary suggested that pakistan would now change its ambivalence about islamist extremism.   "against a backdrop of a struggling eurozone economy and oil prices in steep decline, the fall in export orders show challenges remain for our businesses."   again, these people are predominantly u.s. citizens.   again, they chose to ignore my point, dismiss my own experiences, and ever so subtly tell me i'm wrong.   again, this isn't a crazy critique: as people move up the income ladder, they cease to qualify for various forms of government aid, which can mean less income in real terms even as they're technically being paid more.   again, we don't have hard data, but a recent internal cbc analysis report polled canadian tv viewers on their future plans.   “again, we find ourselves as a country a little bit all over the map,” she said.   agency is a multi-user account which includes ten client accounts that can either be sold to clients as a managed service or used to create specific campaigns.   a generous takeaway from that hearing -- and lack of others -- is that republicans are thinking about and working on health care plans much more intensely behind the scenes.   agents say the cocaine came mexican cartels.   agents spotted the ultralight and observed it flying southbound toward mexico.   agents with the regional narcotics unit stopped a rental car in arlington heights monday after observing several traffic violations.   age-related macular degeneration (amd) threatens the vision of half of individuals over the age of , and as many more of us are making it into old age, our chances of developing amd are looking increasingly likely.   a german company is participating in the bidding and a decision will be taken by the end of march."   a german parliamentary committee is currently investigating allegations that the country's foreign intelligence agency, the bnd, helped the us national security agency (nsa) spy on european companies and government officials.   “a girl was being shouted at.   a good diet, active lifestyle in the older years, stress relief and lots of support -- whilst we may know this is crucial, not all countries are adopting it.   a good friend of mine however took it with humor: jokingly she said that sex with me must be very good, if a man was willing to be patient and kind more than once through my panic attacks.   a good goaltending performance monday night exposed this roster design flaw—a weakness that has put the jets at a disadvantage on the road.   a good jobs report would help support the case for a rate hike at the december - meeting.   "a good pal," one of his buddies told the newspaper le parisien.   a good thing at the right time.”   a google spokesperson was not immediately available for comment.   a government spokesman said its "reforms were focused on achieving the best return on investment".   a grand jury and the u.s. department of justice declined to prosecute ferguson police officer darren wilson, who shot brown, but the shooting touched off a national "black lives matter" movement.   a grand jury began hearing evidence in the case last month to decide on an indictment, and rice's mother, samaria rice, could testify within a few weeks.   a grand jury in texas indicted attorney general ken paxton, alleging he profited from soliciting investors in a local company without properly registering.   a graveside service was held tuesday, july , at colbert cemetery.   "a great year on the pga tour is built around five or six good weeks.   "a greek exit would not just be bad for the greek economy, it would be taking a very large and unnecessary risk with the global economy just when a lot of things are starting to go right," furman said.   agriculture minister akinwumi adesina said it had now spread to five other states across the country: ogun, delta, rivers, edo and plateau.   a group lobbying for government action on behalf of the parents met with u.n. women, the head of the u.n. representation in nigeria, and with officials of the u.n. office for west africa last month.   a group of liquidation companies is overseeing the clear-out sale.   a group of new york airport workers prepare to strike some new york airport security workers and baggage handlers plan to start a strike on wednesday night, their union said tuesday.   a group of protesters stood outside of the high school shortly before the trial began as more than people marched up the street waving flags and chanting, "stop the hate!"   "a group of students were playing at lunchtime when one student became unwell and we sought medical assistance," the school said.   a growing number of big brand advertisers want to create "unplanned" social ads for the super bowl, said twitter director of u.s. brand strategy ross hoffman.   a growing number of chinese are getting passionate about western classical music, like li zhang and her mother.   aguilera said "it felt that much better to me that i was in a place that i felt so connected to and was able to give back to."   a gunman who opened fire inside a colorado springs planned parenthood clinic was arrested friday after engaging in gun battles with authorities during an hours-long standoff that killed several, including swasey, and wounded others, officials said.   a handful of oilfield service companies operate out of crossfield.   a harder and/or bumpier roller will increase sensation.   a hawaii county fire department helicopter tracked the animal and confirmed seeing stripes on the shark's body.   a hazy ring marked the edge of the dwarf planet, showing that there was some gas diffusing the light.   ahead of a meeting in berlin he urged the german government to take more of a leadership role.   ahead of the election cycle, seven iowa donors flew to new jersey aboard agriculture millionaire bruce rastetter's private jet to try and convince christie to jump into the race.   "ahead of tomorrow's jobs number it's becoming abundantly clear that the economy is currently not strong and that's the rising concern for investors because that changes the narrative on the fed."   a health care worker in a full hazmat suit exits a patient's room at the seoul medical center where eight people with mers is being treated.   a hearing was held before golick, and hamilton was represented by lawyers jay reisinger and tina miller.   a heavy accusation has been levelled at germany -- by some in greece, in spain and in france but also by some in great britain and in the united states.   aheer suggested ndpers view pipelines as "job killers" because they help create processing jobs outside of the province.   a highlight of the denim update was the efforts microsoft put into the lumia camera, such as faster burst shots that can be taken at a rate of one every milliseconds.   a highlight of the evening was the presentation of the prestigious golden heart award, named in honor of lady sassoon, the foundation’s founder and patron.   a highlight was the shaved frozen foie gras over lychee and pine-nut brittle, still memorable; there was also an abhorrent onion ice cream that remains, unfortunately, seared in my memory.   "a high profile game of this nature should have attracted policemen, intelligence officers and military.   a hint of nutmeg will spice up your holiday eggnog — and more hot cocoa for santa?   a hold on that ruling expires at midnight.   a house republican aide told reporters republican leaders hope to stage a vote again on tuesday to pass the worker aid portion of the bill.   ahsan said she expects salehi to face trial at some point after rezaian's case is decided, though no court date has been set.   “a hundred million dollars won’t even buy all the homeless pillows,” callaghan said, contrasting la’s proposal with new york city’s $ billion affordable housing plan unveiled last year.   a husky’s owner returned after a long trip, and the pooch could not have been more excited.   aicr is a nonprofit group based in washington, d.c., that supports research on diet, nutrition and cancer prevention, and was not involved in the who report.   aida, the international diving federation, said in a statement that molchanova was diving on sunday without fins at a depth of - meters (- feet) off the coast of formentera when she failed to resurface.   aides forwarded clinton congratulatory messages even as she was still on the stand testifying before congress in january .   aides say putin, whose third term as president lasts until , takes a dim view of the idea of a soviet-style cult of personality around him even though his likeness is used to sell everything from fridge magnets to mobile phone covers.   aides say the two men bonded in washington in september when obama took modi to the memorial of martin luther king, whose rights struggle was inspired by india's mahatma gandhi.   aid group doctors without borders (msf) 'disturbed' by bollywood action thriller medical charity doctors without borders (msf) has said a bollywood movie could endanger its patients and staff as it features an aid worker shooting a gun.   aid groups say the lull has made a difference.   aid organizations have also directed resources at retrofitting houses that have already been constructed in canaan, to make them more likely to withstand another natural disaster.   aid workers are particularly vulnerable to vicarious trauma, whose symptoms include difficulty managing emotions, making decisions and maintaining relationships, according to the headington institute, a california based charity which helps aid workers.   aiming to strengthen our technological leadership in the global tire market, we will continue to develop cutting edge eco-friendly and future-oriented tires” says mr. seung-hwa suh, vice chairman and ceo of hankook tire.   "ain't nothing you can do now by talking about it.   airasia flight : how close are we to answers?   air canada and westjet have issued travel alerts and are offering to waive fees to change flights ahead of the storm.   @aircanada just started selling food, that's not a good sign.   airlines have denied wrongdoing in both cases.   airport movements in both chicago and atlanta actually decreased compared with .   "air support is not enough," the los angeles times quoted abadi as saying tuesday.   "air traffic control has to call the cockpit on the radio and verbally relay instructions.   aisha also worked as deputy returning officer at sir.   "ai weiwei studio will announce the project description and lego collection points in different cities."   a jackalope (cover your ears, ace!) is a legendary combination of a jackrabbit and an antelope, popular in the american west.   a judge has scheduled a hearing on the complaint for tuesday, with a trial date tentatively set for next april, a month after the senate primaries.   a judge in quebec also sparked controversy in february, when she refused to hear a woman's case because the woman was wearing a headscarf, or a hijab.   a judge says bill cosby and his former attorney should be deposed by lawyers for janice dickinson in the model’s defamation lawsuit against the embattled comedian.   "a judge's role differs from that of a politician," he writes.   a jury found him not guilty on two counts of attempted murder.   a jury found jonnell brown, , not guilty of murder, aggravated murder or aggravated robbery in the shooting death of william king ii, , in december .   a jury later ruled in favor of the officer.   a key part of the way the charity operates is to work at a community level with groups over a number of years.   a key stumbling block in any final deal is thought to be the amount of uranium iran would be allowed to enrich, and the number and type of centrifuges tehran can retain.   a kitzhaber spokesman says the attorneys will be paid by kitzhaber and hayes.   al-abadi said the coalition needed to do more to help iraq al-abadi also repeatedly urged the coalition to do more to stem the flow of foreign fighters to is.   al-abadi spoke of the need to fight corruption in military and civil institutions, because this would affect the efficiency of troops.   al-abadi's seven-point plan would dismantle portions of the top-heavy government created in the wake of the u.s.-led invasion that toppled dictator saddam hussein.   alabama's history of segregation and past gerrymandering efforts would be pertinent too.   a labourer writes serial number on a sack filled with flour at a wholesale market in kolkata december …   a lack of options as to how to spend their free time in any meaningful way can also be responsible for rising tension in the shelters.   a lack of transparency, poverty and corruption have permeated the image of the government, resulting in a loss of trust within the population.   alain simoneau, an atheist constituent, objected to the prayer, which read, in french, “o god, eternal and almighty, from whom all power and wisdom flow, we are assembled here in your presence to ensure the good of our city and its prosperity.   alamo director becky dinnin praised the daughters for taking care of the alamo, noting the group intervened in and "kept it from being torn down."   alamo drafthouse, mission between st and nd streets.   alan neuhauser is an energy, environment and stem reporter for u.s. news & world report.   a large late-stage study is beginning.   alaska air, delta ban hoverboards, citing fire danger originally published december , at : pm updated december , at : pm passengers may not take the devices aboard their jets, either in checked luggage or as carry-on items.   alastair jamieson and zainab abul aziz reported from london.   a lawsuit filed by the lewisburg prison project in on behalf of inmates described conditions at the facility as medieval.   a lawyer in a previous case was said to be on vacation and unavailable for comment.   a lawyer who has assisted foreign firms caught up in the probes said some were introducing new onshore compliance programs, although that did not guarantee keeping out of trouble.   albania is the first to make it, followed by armenia, russia, and romania.   alberta's premier jim prentice, a former member of tory prime minister stephen harper's cabinet, said he was stepping down from political life.   albina kovalyova contributed to this report from moscow.   albuquerque police have said torrez confessed.   alcatel-lucent ceo michel combes admitted a "pang of sadness in the heart" at the demise of the alcatel brand but defended the deal as focusing on "development and growth."   "alcoa has faced this problem for decades: no matter what they have done to enhance their product line, their stock has traded based on metal prices," said analyst charles bradford of bradford research.   alcoa inc. unofficially kicks off the earnings season when it reports quarterly results on april , and profits for s&p companies are forecast to decline for the first time since .   a leader in one federal agency recently confided that it frequently takes his department a full year to complete all the reference and background checks necessary for a candidate to earn the trust necessary to be hired.   a leader of yemen's al-qaida branch officially claimed responsibility for the attacks at charlie hebdo, saying in a video the slayings were in "vengeance for the prophet."   a leading voiceover actor, west has spoken up for title characters on "doug" and "ren & stimpy," for latter-day revivals of bugs bunny, woody woodpecker and popeye, for a broad swath of the "futurama" crew, even red m&m.   a legacy contact also can’t decide to delete a whole account.   a legend was born saskatchewan quarterback ron lancaster, left, and running back george reed faced the calgary stampeders in the playoffs nearly times.   aleighsa welch was -of- shooting for points and has only missed two shots in the first three sec games (-of-).   alejandro maldonado, , vice president under pérez molina, was sworn in as his successor thursday.   alemanno's successor, the center-left ignazio marino, is not implicated in the case, but was forced to resign last week following in an unrelated expenses scandal.   alesha dixon arrives at the cosmopolitan ultimate women of the year awards, at the victoria and albert museum, in kensington, london.   alesha labelled his performance as “faultless”.   alex-ah, forget it.   alex (alakbar) raufoglu is a journalist covering eurasia.   alexander cashford, , was locked up for three years and four months at maidstone crown court after pleading guilty to multiple counts of theft from vehicles.   alexander kudascheff, dw editor-in-chief fanning the flames of pegida activists the latest terrorist attack in paris could well provide more fuel for anti-islam movements across europe.   alexander l. hendry jr. alexander l. hendry jr., , of haleiwa, an army veteran who served in the vietnam war, died in honolulu.   alex buckwell, who has owned the venue for two years, said: “i couldn’t believe it when i saw him lying there, he was acting like he was on drugs and when he realised what was happening came at me with a screw driver.”   alex cheatle, co-founder of concierge business ten group when leading your business, focus on what makes you different - not what is generic.   alex died at the age of nine more than a decade ago; riley passed away in at the age of . "it's hard because it just dredges up all the old feelings you know," said their mother, louise mercer.   alexis pavlich, a spokeswoman for the department of foreign affairs, said, "canadian government officials have raised this case with egyptian officials at the highest level and will continue to do so.   alexis tsipras said that he was disappointed with the proposals europe has made this week.   alex prince trevor pardy talks to friend, rnc cst.   alex's saturday handouts are a means of giving back to germany - something he's written on the placard hanging from his small stand, along with his email address (in the event someone would like to support him).   alex theirsch, managing principal for salveo captial, a private equity firm investing in legal weed, told huffpost live on thursday that the stigma of marijuana is a turn-off for potential customers who don't fit the typical stoner stereotype.   alfred e newman pts @b smizzle and who is your crappy little team f**k face?   "alfred hitchcock put it beautifully.   " ali, , said bin laden answered: "well, then you would be a martyr.'   alias artworks are unique replicas of the "space invaders" he creates on the streets.   alias was the first r-rated marvel book, and the tv series looks like it's going to embrace it.   alibaba founder and chairman jack ma poses for the media while touring the cebit trade fair in hanover …   "alibaba grabbed the world's attention with its ipo, but many other chinese brands have global ambition and ability," the report said.   … ali castillo paced the railriders offense, going for . riding the rails: it wouldn’t be a day without a railriders transaction.   "alice aside, the queen of hearts, the duchess, white rabbit (and) caterpillar were the most threatening characters of my childhood.   alien intelligence planets stars click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   "a life interrupted" presentations are given to high school students and at businesses and community organizations.   a light goes on.   aligned with their mission to transform the human spirit through values-based entertainment, pure flix is the industry leader in creating high-quality inspirational feature film content.   alison parker, , and adam ward, , were shot to death on air wednesday while working for a local station in roanoke, virginia.   alison parker's father said his family had lost their "bright, shining light".   alison stewart: and the environmental issue is the extra salt that comes out of the water, what happens to it when you put it back in the ocean?   ali soufan: this could not have happened at a worse time.   a little bit of denoising to remove bayer matrix artifacts, et voilà!"   a little flair," henson said.   a livid rand paul lashes out on surveillance edward snowden: hero or traitor?   ali was picked by england last year as a batsman who bowls, but his demotion in the order and england's desperate need for a spinner has defined him as a bowler who bats.   ali watkins contributed reporting.   all , chickens at the affected farm are to be slaughtered and a nationwide ban on poultry transport has been imposed.   all senate republicans are expected to vote for a resolution in mid-september disapproving of the accord, but to clear a procedural hurdle so the chamber can move on the bill, they need six democrats to join them.   all about the produce – "it's not the talent of the chef that determines how good a dish tastes," says crenn.   all along we had thought we were going to go bankrupt and lose our house.   all cars in mexico city worth over , pesos are subject to an annual tax, meaning the proposed regulation carries a potential double-whammy for the services.   all decisions are final and not subject to legal recourse.   allegations are that on the day, the accused man and the complainant, who is the bus conductor, had a dispute after ingram rode the bus and refused to pay in cross roads, st andrew.   alleghany said the $ million deal is with aig property casualty inc. and the national indemnity and resolute management operations at omaha, nebraska-based berkshire.   allen did admit to a terrible sadness that people now watch movies on tiny screens.   allen, right, actively supported conservative candidate richard bragdon, left, in the federal election.   allen's mother said she was disgusted when she learned of the ipm's report.   allen stopped four shots in the three-on-three overtime period.   allen stressed that both the old and new equipment would continue to be deployed on the streets.   "all eyes are focused on whether the government will shore up the , level," nelson yan, chief investment officer at the hong kong unit of changjiang securities, told bloomberg.   all eyes have turned to atty. gen. kamala harris, lt. gov. gavin newsom and former los angeles mayor antonio villaraigosa, who all have deep fundraising bases in california and are seen as top contenders for the seat.   all fishing operations were suspended in six districts of andhra and four of odisha.   all four major nationwide carriers have gotten in trouble for cramming hidden fees into bills.   all good contributions.   "all hands on deck.   all health systems have sources of waste.   all he did was score the go-ahead goal to give the chicago blackhawks a - lead over minnesota in the western conference semifinals.   alliant energy is currently working on expansion projects near the communities of beaver dam and oregon.   "allies reaffirmed that an independent, sovereign and stable ukraine, firmly committed to democracy and the rule of law, is key to security in the euro-atlantic area," the statement said.   allie would be a great addition for anyone looking for a cuddle buddy or travel companion.   "all i know is dr. clark said the number of students doesn't constitute having another band director," scoggins said scoggins added that clark's decision could change when he returns from medical leave and receives input from the board.   all images copyright william kentridge.   all inquiries are to be directed to mrs. jeanine weech-gomez at royal victoria gardens.   allison hickey, the former head of the veterans benefits administration, resigned last month amid questions about a backlog in disability claims and hickey's role in the transfers obtained by rubens and graves.   all it needed was investment and a lot of tlc.”   all it takes is one case to reignite an outbreak that could quickly outpace any response efforts and put thousands more at risk.   all market data delayed minutes.   all night and all morning in the dark, they helped each other to try and save their livestock from the rising river.   "all obama is doing is consolidating a dictatorship."   "all of a sudden the road was packed with police."   "all of a sudden, this year, i'm just sneezing, and stuffy nose," she said at her garage sale in northeast portland.   all of that is especially true for companies that shine the big data spotlight on previously-opaque industries.   all of the charlotte business journal's lists, including the largest contingency executive search firms,are compiled annually into the book of lists, an important business resource in the local market.   all of the companies that managed to rally were those that were run by management that wasn't afraid to make bold moves and control its own destiny.   all of the girls died within hours.   "all of their decisions were pre-ordained before the hearings were even held because they're basically there to serve at the pleasure of the mayor,” patterson said.   all of these activities were a huge success due to the hard work, time, and effort given by the many special people who made them all possible!   all of these parasites can be treated with drugs that are cheap and widely available.   all of the victims killed in the stampede were under the age of , agence france-presse reported.   "all of this has fallen on the backs of the most vulnerable people in the state," said glenn poshard, the former congressman and co-founder of the poshard foundation.   all of this is in early stages of planning and a lot of it hinges on hawk the hunter's kickstarter campaign, which launches on august th.   all of this is part of sprint's (totally-not-creepy-sounding) iphone forever program, which allows eligible customers to grab the newest iphone model as soon as it's on the market.   all of this knowledge, however, is readily available in online "islamic state" publications, such as the english-language dabiq magazine.   "all of those things costs hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars.   all of which helps explain america’s confused approach to regulating executive pay, which is embodied in a new rule the securities and exchange commission approved wednesday.   all of your donations have been amazingly helpful and we have been working tirelessly to find a cure.”   all operations have ceased.   "all our lives we were brought up that christmas is about families.   all over the world."   allow the pressure to dissipate naturally.   all pilgrims christian church. :am-worship. broadway e. come as you are.   “all projects have to comply with all eu laws.   all reported being treated poorly by “people wielding power in really ugly ways”.   all rose had to do was pick up the phone and call.   "all staff are asked to remain in offices -- students to remain in classrooms until further notice," the school said in a statement on its website immediately after the shootings.   all sto t-shirts will be available for a minimum donation of $ each to save the ozarks.   all that can safely be predicted on the basis of the long history of wheels in human society is that we ain't seen nuthin' yet.   all that has left job seekers like stephen jones in a bind.   all that remained was melted metal and ash, nothing like the gracious two-story home lee said she could still envision, with its fruit orchard and a vegetable garden prized by her mother.   all that’s left is to call it strategic patience.   all that speculation was for naught: rick hendrick has locked the six-time champion and sponsor lowe's into a -year contract extension that runs through the season.   "all that, we shall do to help curb the threat isil poses," abe said in a jan. speech in cairo, using an acronym for the militant group that controls parts of syria and iraq.   all that would quickly change if stewart even hinted at running.   all the decor here has a silver theme, so you will see things dripping in silver, tinsel and ornaments and so forth."   all the goals came in the second half with frannie collin scoring the winner after jay may's opener was cancelled out by jamie stevens.   "all the guys have played a hell of a lot of cricket since the west indies tour, even before that the guys (who played) at the world cup had about a week off (between tours)," added the test skipper controversially omitted from the global tournament.   "all the guys have welcomed me with open arms.   all the jews were killed in those three places.   all the philosophies he has honed over the years will remain theoretical until he puts them into practice.   all the schools offer the american college of surgeons-approved course, advanced trauma life support (atls).   all these papers have been strongly anti-brexit -- and thus any whiff of an american rebuke, even from a relatively minor u.s. official, is sure to make their headlines.   "all the tourist coaches on tour were immediately recalled to the port and all other tours on the ground were immediately suspended," msc said in a statement.   all this trophy chasing is dangerous for athletes, said former major league pitcher john smoltz, who had wise words for parents when he was inducted into the baseball hall of fame recently.   all this was forbidden and thousands of families like yours were punished for it.   all those breathless media reports about “the hot new app” and “the break-out app” were deeply misleading at best — and cynical legerdemain at worst.   all three cases will now be reconsidered by the u.s. court of appeals for the federal circuit.   all three denied the charges.   all three executives are accused of bribing top soccer officials to win the rights to lucrative broadcast deals.   all three of those men are now dead.   all three teams trail atlanta by / games.   all times local.   all told, among registered voters, percent of republicans and gop-leaning independents now favor trump for the nomination, with percent for carson –- up percentage points and percentage points, respectively, since july.   all tourists, regardless of nationality, are still subject to medical and temperature checks and required to sign a statement saying they have not recently traveled to ebola-stricken areas, according to the memo, a copy of which was obtained by reuters.   all turbines are expected to be deployed this summer with power from the scheme expected to be generated later in the year.   all ukraine churches, even the moscow-affiliated one, issued a common statement calling for polish-ukrainian reconciliation.   all users who upgrade to windows are able to roll their device back to their previous operating system for the first days after the upgrade if they want to.   "all walks of life," says kevin robbins, curator of the army museum at the halifax citadel.   all you have to do is press 'unlock your door' and you're good to go.   all you have to do is register your contactless credit or debit card once at www.pennyforlondon.com, where you can also set a limit on how much you want to donate.   all you need to know about respect is that whatever someone else is doing is their business.   almaty is surrounded by towering mountains and plenty of natural snow, but beijing bid leaders insisted they have sufficient water supplies and snow-making equipment for ideal skiing conditions.   almer died a few days before christmas in .   almon said the confusion is causing havoc for the industry during its busiest time of the year.   almost , people were killed when hijackers slammed airliners into new york's world trade center, the pentagon and a pennsylvania field on sept. , .   almost people turned up at the government-organized event to discuss the nursing home proposal.   almost percent of the original bequest, now worth roughly $. billion, remains pledged to be transferred to the foundation over the coming decades.   "almost all children (. percent) used mobile devices, and most started using before age ," the researchers wrote.   "almost all ultramarathon runners have done some fat-burning training," she added.   almost every new-fangled feature comes with an implicit but fairly obvious cost of privacy, but vizio goes a step further.   “almost everyone who was white voted to keep it.   almost every street in the capital, colombo, boasts churches, mosques, and temples, often in close proximity.   almost half a century since the apollo moon flights, entrepreneurs are expanding the boundaries of rocket and satellite technology as the u.s. makes room for private enterprise.   almost immediately after the news broke, conspiracy theorists, some calling themselves sandy hook truthers, began claiming that the shooting never really happened, and that the supposed bereaved parents were hired actors.   almudena garcia rubio, who is leading the cervantes project, said friday if they don't find cervantes' remains in the places so far identified, there are four other possible locations at the convent they could try next.   al murray will contest the seat in south thanet cattleprod tweeted: "hang on.   al-nusra front, several of whose members are inmates, threatened to retaliate for the raid.   a local islamic state affiliate has been claiming responsibility for militant attacks in northern sinai.   a locally produced "greener" brew not only slakes thirst but is reducing the carbon footprint of the country's second largest city.   aloha, ore. – washington county sheriff’s deputies were interviewing a witness to a hit and run crash when a passing driver left the roadway and struck the witness.   a london underground sign outside westminster station in london, britain, on july , .   alone, in the middle of nowhere, with a single bag, no means of travel, and no one who knows where he is, don is truly off the grid.   alongside paris, geneva, detroit and frankfurt, tokyo is now recognized in the industry as one of the world's top five motor shows.   alongside pat rafter, he led his country to a - world group quarter-finals victory over the united states, whose team included current captain jim courier.   along the bottom it reads, "no farewell words were spoken, no time to say goodbye.   along those lines, most of the film just focuses on the girls working, but there are moments when the subject of women in tech comes up.   along with the senate majority leader and the governor, he plays a major role in creating state budgets, laws and policies in a system long-criticized in albany as "three men in a room."   along with the survey team, three scientists went to two different locations about a mile off shore on the north edge of a reef that runs along a sandbar.   along with the tokitae, samish and chimacum, the fourth olympic class ferry improves fleet reliability and safety by replacing four of the state’s oldest ferries built during the s and s.   along with thomas piketty's use of jane austen comparisons, references to this ancient divide highlight the regressive economic situation that we live in in .   a look inside the deteriorating kapyong barracks site the kapyong land is nestled between the affluent tuxedo and river heights neighbourhoods.   a loose-knit but powerful bloc that has historically been a big obstacle in global climate talks.   a lot of damage has occurred and a lot of people lost a lot of things.   "a lot of events took place which would not have happened if this had not been international soil year," he added.   a lot of it feels written by the book, with luminous exceptions that more than make up for the duller moments.   "a lot of people back there are jets fans so it's good to beat them," he said.   "a lot of people like fish better than red meat," he said.   "a lot of people would say that , you're past your prime.   a lot of really bizarre, awful things happened to nick, but he kind of describes it all nonchalantly, which is really funny.   a lot of resources gets taken in terms of corruption and contraband.   “a lot of that has been because of the nature of media coverage.   "a lot of the athletes said they wanted, when they performed, to keep daundre in mind.   "a lot of the challenges that arise from that are things that are not covered in a regulated market like packaging, labelling.   a lot of the times when you’re playing zone, the ball gets dumped off and you’ve got to do a really efficient job of deploying and tackling and all that.   a lot of the time the only person they talk to is a volunteer at tel-aide," riley said.   "a lot of those are going to be innocent people," said israel.   "a lot of those markets would be part of parts of europe, some retail markets in north america, and it allows us to compete with a lot of our competitors.   a lot of those yards came on the edges, with the bears able to get forte loose off tackle.   a lot of times, this data comes from standard operating activities, and it is sometimes only held onto for the sake of compliance.   a lot of us are hiding behind our business.   a lot of young people, students and immigrants live there.   a lot of your time is wasted by looking around netflix for something you haven’t seen yet, so this update will save you some precious ticks on the clock.   a lower illinois court revived the verdict last year.   alptekin was suspended for eight years in april for abnormal blood samples and was stripped of her london olympics and european titles.   al qaeda and other sunni muslim militants have since stepped up attacks.   al-qaeda's syrian affiliate al-nusra front and its allies were seeking to recapture the village of dourine, which overlooks their positions in one of the district's main towns, salma.   al-qaida believed that the masses would rise up to support them, which never happened.   already, an online store that sells swift's merchandise in china has been scrutinized by the media for references that could be problematic.   already, crews have placed one-ton sandbags along the canal with plans to add about to protect the water supply.   already, the house of delegates has passed legislation that i hope will prove beneficial to the entire state.   already topped out, the -meter tower park avenue will feature just apartments, with residences staring at $ million and full floor penthouses reaching $ million.   al-sadun was part of the u.s. military deck of cards containing images of the saddam regime figures the u.s. military was particularly interested in capturing.   al shabaab aims to topple somalia's western-backed government and wants to impose its own strict version of islamic law on the country.   also aboard the bulwark, part of a multi-nation patrol and rescue force, was british secretary of state for defence michael fallon.   also an issue last week were the snaps of center drew nowak.   also at / wall st.: the poorest town in each state fame no. : amazon.   also at risk are construction companies, who would be forced to sell homes at prices lower than what they had expected to earn.   also at the sept. meeting, the boc seems to be in favor of using approximately $, for the purchase of new vehicles to replace older ones in its fleet.   also, by the time this thing launches in november, is it going to make any sense?   also consider times when teachers decide to "reward" students by bringing in sweets, or use candy as an incentive for class participation or as a prize for correct responses.   also, could you use your program, perhaps several times a year, to focus on forced underage prostitution at large truck stops off of america's interstate systems.   also, false advertising, and taxes.   also, hassan said, women are giving birth later in life, when it’s intended to slip nicely into a cultivated path.   also, in , malloe repaid $, to uw after an investigation showed that he and a uw student manager had made more than $, worth of unauthorized phone charges.   also in the year between signing up to the film and the start of filming she had left home for the first time and moved to london.   also, look for some known latino celebrities, elected officials and community leaders to begin publicly announcing their backing for her.   also many reports of mast damage on homes.   also, measles can cause pregnant women to have premature, fragile babies.   also on monday, the observatory reported that is fighters shot dead soldiers and pro-government gunmen in a public square in the historic town of palmyra.   also on our ottawa this week coin contest: an ottawa man is a finalist in a royal canadian mint contest that could see his design on a new coin for canada's th birthday.   also on saturday, before p.m., two people were shot in front of east tremont avenue in the bronx.   also on the list of performers?   also related to this story featured in this story this story around the web today's football gossip bbc sport football predictor game predict the score for this year's fa cup final between arsenal and aston villa at wembley on saturday.   also seen in the photo is hillary clinton, center background. photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight bill clinton embraces his wife shortly after a stage light fell near her on january , .   also sunday, a bomb exploded near a volleyball court in the kadda bazaar area of the aurakzai tribal region, killing four teenagers and injuring seven who were preparing to start their game, said senior government official fazal naeem khan.   also sunday, ji'an officials announced that they had determined speeding was to blame for the bus crash.   also, the apps were classified based on descriptions from the app developer rather than an independent source.   also, the hinge is cleverly designed to raise the rear of the keyboard to a comfortable typing angle.   also, the maple leaf is red.   also there: “minions d,” “jurassic world d,” “inside out d,” “mission impossible: rogue nation” and “pixels d” ($-$).   also wednesday, detroit lions running back ameer abdullah, who is muslim, spoke with reporters about trump’s proposal.   also, we have made great strides in -year-old kindergarten.   "also we have some interest in some of the issues in the duffy trial, so we'll see how some of those issues unfold," said harb defence lawyer sean may.   alternate sites were arranged for their meetings, drills and exercises, and in mid-november cadets and reservists moved to temporary facilities elsewhere.   alternative parties such as the left-wing podemos and centre-right ciudadanos have surged in opinion polls in recent months, eating away at the pp and socialists' share of the vote.   although agents are the front end of a company they're lower paid and treated like a cost center that can be outsourced easily.   although agriculture only makes up % of the economy, roughly half of the indian population makes a living through farming, and the monsoon is a key factor in whether rural demand picks up or not.   although a military failure that landed castro in prison, the uprising is considered the start of a revolutionary movement that ultimately ousted the dictatorship of fulgencio batista in .   although baltimore finished with an advantage in yardage and first downs, kansas city's ball-hawking was the difference.   although between , and , people are hospitalized with legionnaires' disease every year, the majority of the cases reported are sporadic, according to the cdc.   although cameron's previous coalition with the liberal democrats was dogged by squabbles, he may soon yearn for the relative stability it offered.   although caring for him was controversial to people who did not approve, ms. de rouvray never gave up.   although corruption remains entrenched, aquino has made progress by several measures, improving the country's image among international investors.   although dr. carson has walked back some of his most controversial statements, in the past he has called president barack obama a "psychopath."   although elevated blood sugar is common, estimates of how many people will develop it in their lifetimes had not been previously published, the study authors note.   although epstein's connections with the rich and powerful have been well chronicled over the years, jane doe no. is the first to provide specific details, in a public court filing under oath, about her purported sexual encounters with some of them.   although eyewitness accounts cite black, trans activist marsha p. johnson as the instigator of the riot, the trailer for stonewall seems to give a fictional, white, cisgender character named danny with a key role in starting the riots.   although germany has temporarily reimposed border controls to control the flow, genuine refugees are still allowed across.   although he doesn't know her name, he says he'll remember her on sight.   although he fell well short, gaviria secured . million votes, more than any colombian leftist candidate had until that point.   although hundreds of thousands of cuban-americans make the trip each year and the intrepid traveler always finds a way in, the u.s. embargo has blocked countless more from visiting a country just miles south of florida.   although i do also think that the government constantly going on about teachers is somewhat of a smokescreen for the increase between the wealthy and the less well off.   although impeachment itself would be traumatic, brazil would "come out stronger" in the long term, said andre leite, economist at tag investimentos.   although international relations between the superpowers were still frosty, there was an easing in dialogue brought about by mutual visits by the presidents of each country.   "although it might have at times appeared that it was adversarial, i would like to say it was more about passion," said sheriff john snaza.   although it's best to prepare your pet well in advance, the good news is that there are still lots of things you can do to help your pet.   although i was upset at first, i kept to my mantra: “money doesn’t define you.”   although joining a health club as a new year's resolution may be a cliché, it might be the best gift for a friend or family member that needs an extra push to start a healthy lifestyle.   although lee appeared in scores of films and tv shows, from "the lord of the rings" to "star wars" to the "harry potter" series, it was the version of "dracula" that established his persona.   although legislation repealing that ban passed congress in late , the military services spent months conducting training and reviews before the decision actually took effect the following september.   although martin harrison had told a corizon nurse he had a history of alcohol withdrawal, the nurse failed to treat him properly, and harrison went into “severe alcohol withdrawal” before dying at the hands of deputies, haddad said.   although netanyahu must still put together a coalition, his victory all but guarantees that israel's president will give him the first opportunity to form a government, putting him course to become the longest-serving leader in the country's history.   although nominally concerned about greece -- and other aid recipients, such as cyprus, ireland, portugal, and spain -- many eurocrats had a larger purpose in mind.   although not the obvious move, starting here would likely make for a smoother transition over all.   although planning to dispose of its operation in brazil, hsbc said it plans to maintain a presence in that country to serve large corporate clients in their international dealings.   although politicking in diners and pizza places is hardly new in the leadoff caucus state, perry has been notably active in some of iowa's more out-of-the-way places, which get less frequent traffic from presidential hopefuls.   although quarterback matthew stafford finished the game with yards and touchdown, he also threw two interceptions and the team trailed - before the lions scored their lone touchdown.   although ride-sharing apps such as uber and lyft are on the cutting edge when it comes to transportation and tech innovation, the fear is that they are excluding a growing segment of the population.   although she escaped death, her face, arms and legs were burned; some scars are still visible.   “although statistically significant with such a large sample size, the estimates of the associations with fetal sex in this paper were all very small,” xiang told reuters health by email.   although such tallies have been inaccurate in the past, a loss for modi would set back his plans to consolidate power in the indian parliament to push through promised economic reforms.   although textbook shopping is as inevitable as picking classes or group projects, spending tons of money on books doesn't have to be part of the process.   although the daily limits don't apply to foreign nationals, closed banks and cash-strapped atms still pose obstacles.   although the film, directed by jason moore ("pitch perfect"), mostly concentrates on over-the-top comic mayhem, it's actually funniest in its quieter, subtler moments.   although the iaaf was not involved in the research, it was given the power to veto publication in exchange for providing access to the athletes at daegu.   although the menu is entirely in chinese, the staff is more than happy to introduce the food to you, as well as attend to dietary requests.   although there is no answer to the first concern at present, there is sufficient evidence to show that it is in the us’ national interests not to try to influence taiwanese before an election.   although the typhoon left the philippines on wednesday, floodwaters about m deep still covered farming regions about an hour’s drive north of manila, the national capital.   although the united states has many tremendous qualities that we still do not find in korea, i can say definitively that it would be absolutely impossible for a scholar of classical literature to play such a role in my country.   although they are both played in a pool, pyrch said a water polo player swimming is about as similar as “a football player running track.”   although they don’t have last year’s leader jack persons, the team has more competition among themselves than they have in years.   although this wound appears superficial and is likely to heal, the injury could have been much worse, said the aquarium's research biologist meghan moore.   although today's wearable devices may not be all that accurate yet at measuring small changes in activity, "i think the trend will be toward continuing all these things," lopez-jimenez said.   although unknowledgeable investors believe a churning market is healthy, it is not.   although we are making progress to address the challenges the ocean faces, there is much more to be done.   a lush soundscape accompanies this atmospheric and explorative game.   alvaregna continues to strenuously deny the claims.   " always finding ways to balance her artistic side and her desire to improve the lives of women and children, ms. luskin has been a community activist for over years.   always mexicans at the italian places, usl thought.   always the victims fault for making things to easy to steal steven segal is not aging well.   al zammuto, a -year-old machinist, was preparing to inspect what was left of the roof on a former schoolhouse that he had been transforming into his home over the past year.   al-zawahri urged mullah mansoor to follow in the footsteps of his predecessor.   amadou diallo, who farms on the outskirts of divo, said showers would ensure plenty of high quality cocoa from early on in the mid-crop.   a. magnus & co. releases royal seal vodka last night’s leftovers: thanksgiving edition the e-mail field is required.   a main question about the new rules has been what it means for nascent efforts in the wireless industry to offer sponsored data (or “zero rating”) plans.   a majority say they’re taking the issue of succession seriously for the first time.   a makeshift memorial rests on the sidewalk monday, aug. , , at the location where memphis, tenn … melvin norment, whose family has lived on the block for years, said he saw the mercedes on saturday night and knew it didn't belong to his neighbors.   a man and a woman are dead, with around others injured, nhk reports.   amanda blackhorse, one of five native american activists who in june persuaded the trademark agency to void the redskins' registrations, told reuters she was "overjoyed" by the decision and hoped the team would now change its name.   amanda edwards/getty images some people won't listen to politicians when they warn about global warming.   a man had grabbed her, but then fled, police said.   a man holds a crocodile with tape around its mouth, as workers from the natuurhulpcentrum, a wildlife rehabilitation center, collect several crocodiles at a villa in lapscheure, near the dutch border, on dec. , .   a man looks at a venomous cobra in giza, km ( miles) south of cairo in a photo.   amanpour: mr. larijani, can you tell me, as speaker of the iranian parliament and a former chief nuclear negotiator, do you support this deal that has been reached with the united states and other world powers?   a man shook a mother's baby carriage at a bus stop in paris and said to her, "dirty jewess, enough with your children already."   a manufacturing index for the nations that share the euro currency rose slightly in december after falling to a -month low the previous month.   a man was the only person home when a fire destroyed this house in frenchmans' cove thursday afternoon.   a man watches protesters march against police violence as part of a..   a man with a weapon entered the woman's house near th street and th avenue wednesday afternoon and demanded cash and other items said surrey rcmp cpl.   a mayor tweets while on toilet.   amazing photos from the nfl season more: aldon smith, aldon smith arrest, aldon smith suspended, oakland raiders, nfl, football, nfl get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   amazing photos from the nfl season more: nfl, nfl , nfl fines, josh norman, carolina panthers, roger goodell get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   amazon also has its own original programming.   amazon (amzn, tech), apple (aapl, tech) and google (googl, tech) are all trying to make waves in the digital payments business.   amazon.com briefly jumped more than percent following the announcement that amazon prime now is offering one-hour delivery from local stores in new york's manhattan, including groceries, meals, and baked goods.   amazon.com is getting into the holiday spirit, adding booze to its one-hour delivery service in manhattan.   amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment.   amazon doesn’t have to show a profit because the stock goes up even when they are losing money, but that will change at some point in time.   amazon has been adding staff and improving shipping capability for the holidays.   amazon inc. has been beefing up offers and services to attract subscribers to its prime loyalty club.   amazon itself was subsidizing the low prices and losing money on most of these titles, but publishers still had reason to be alarmed.   amazon said it has % more customer accounts now than it did a year ago.   amazon started the program on a trial basis weeks ago.   amber sanders, jessie gomez and ernesto lopez have been arrested and face murder and gang charges.   amber tuccaro was last seen on august , in nisku, just outside of edmonton.   ambulances rushed to take the wounded to hospital as security forces sealed off the area.   amc is the second largest chain in the u.s. cineplex is the largest in canada.   amc itself will be available "soon."   "amcom upstart is about supporting and growing the local startup ecosystem and encouraging more local entrepreneurs to take the plunge and bring their ideas to life," said amcom chairman tony grist.   amd has asked a consulting firm to help it review its options and draw up scenarios on how a break-up or spin-off would work, the people said this week, asking not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential.   amd's main rival, intel, has also been busy updating its processors, and recently updated some of its fifth-generation core chips, adding iris pro graphics.   a measure of private domestic demand, which excludes trade, inventories and government expenditures, increased at a . percent rate after rising at a . percent pace at the start of the year.   a mediation is scheduled for the end of march that may alleviate some of her custody concerns.   ameer said the help foundation's training had boosted local women's knowledge and confidence.   a meeting was held by the office of multicultural student life on sept. in the bangor room in the memorial union where students discussed the formation of the group.   a member of the public discovered paul fitzpatrick's body on the shore of the north ayrshire town, close to seaview road, at : on saturday.   a member was charged with fraud in for stealing thousands of dollars from the organization.   american actor john lithgow will play winston churchill.   american airlines just experienced technical difficulties three weeks ago and united has already had two major outages in .   american and iranian diplomats began meeting last week in vienna.   american apparel says may not have enough funds for next months a man walks past an american apparel store in new york june , .   american claimed that regulations should "not be used to reward consumers who purchase mistake fares in bad faith."   american currency, which has not operated on any sort of gold standard in many decades, is not, in fact, being debased, and inflation has not taken off — either in the economy as a whole or for items like food.   american express membership rewards, chase ultimate rewards, citi thankyou points, and starwood preferred guest all transfer to multiple programs, so it's easier to get points where i need them when i see a good redemption opportunity," he says.   american heist - trailer no. trainwreck - trailer no. ever since her father drilled into her head that monogamy isn't realistic, magazine writer amy (amy schumer) has made promiscuity her credo.   american idol live! sends top five to mccaw hall tuesday originally published august , at : am “american idol” winner nick fradiani is on the tour.   american-led efforts to train syrian rebels to fight the islamic state have produced a grand total of vetted fighters.   american rower sonya baumstein, from orlando, fla., rows a boat as she leaves choshi marina in chosh … as she travels, equipment on her boat will take samples and measure water conditions to help understand climate change and other phenomena.   americans are also taking advantage of the opportunity to drive more for less.   americans aren't just attached to the economy in a different way from before, they're attached in a fundamentally worse way: one that comes along with lower incomes, more insecurity, and jobs that are just harder to find.   americans donnie and ronnie galyon are the longest living siamese twins he however noted they had done everything possible to find the extent to which the twins were joined.   americans do not want canadian weather.   american seems able to afford that kind of spending — excluding one-time items, it earned a record $. billion in .   americans just aren't spending as much right now.   "american soil is the past, we will destroy america and divide it in two, we will raise our black flag on top of your white house and any president on duty (cut head)."   americans were more likely to receive care if they received a professional diagnosis.   americans who make less than $, are taxed at about %, but rarely end up owing any money to the federal government because of deductions and tax credits.   america runs on two things: dunkin’ and notifications.   america's best towns to live in, spaces food secrets that fuel djokovic's success ‘american ninja warrior’ crowns first ever winner after seasonsvariety fatal shooting at delta state university in cleveland, miss.   america's oil boom is showing cracks u.s. oil production has been resilient in the face of cheap oil, with output remaining near all-time highs.   a message left for his public defender, pedro castillo, wasn't immediately returned.   amid a marked economic downturn and high inflation, bus fares went up in sao paulo, brazil's largest city, from to . reais, and in rio, the former capital, from . to . reais.   amid international concern, un secretary-general ban ki-moon on tuesday dispatched his envoy said djinnit to burundi, urging "all sides to reject violence and avoid using inflammatory language or hate speech."   amid the current spike in russia-west tensions, washington accused moscow of violating its obligations under a landmark nuclear arms control treaty by flight-testing a ground-launched cruise missile with a range prohibited by the treaty.   amid the fallout from nisman's death ten years later, promised reforms including overhaul of the intelligence law were finally approved.   a military campaign launched in by western-backed african union peacekeepers and the somali military has driven al shabaab out of major strongholds in its central and southern region heartland.   a mill in quebec's montérégie region has caught fire for the second time in nine days.   a minnesota turnover led to skinner's th goal of the season at :.   amira is from derna, though she lives in the capital, tripoli.   amir johnson added points, kyle lowry and jonas valanciunas had a season-high rebounds, as toronto improved to - at home against western conference opponents.   a mizzou journalism professor was horrified at click asking a student journalist to be physically removed: — reedkath (@reedkath) november , some pointed out that just days earlier she was courting media attention.   amnesty also questioned the credibility of the figures provided by the companies concerning the total amount of oil spilled as a result of the incidents.   amnesty international says that more than people have died in the u.s. "after being shocked with a taser either during their arrest or while in jail."   a mobilememory app from leef lets you access the content stored on cards, supporting movies, photos, music files and documents.   a model takes the runway at todd snyder.   a moment later, some of these mostly young and uniformly innocent were dead or dying.   among to year olds, friends was identified as the most popular programme, even though there have been no new episodes for more than a decade.   among big ten coaches, only illinois' bill cubit, who was interim coach until getting a two-year deal on saturday, made less.   among blacks, percent thought police were more likely to use deadly force against black people in their communities, and percent said the same thing applied generally across the country.   among his accomplishments, he was part of a national relay record on a girls' team, and he competed in the junior national championships.   among items the maritime groups want resolved is arguably the biggest question of all: whether revamping keyarena actually represents a better option than building a brand-new venue in sodo.   among its creditors then?   among other information, the hackers leaked unreleased sony movies, executive salary data, and personal email correspondence between major hollywood figures.   among other measures, an innovative evapotranspiration-based integrated water management system is helping officials assess, plan and allocate water, supported by the world's latest remote sensing technology on evapotranspiration measurement.   among other things, the eu project called for the site to be shored up and for a drainage system to be built.   among other things, the higher wages may prompt employers to eliminate the least-skilled workers.   among several recommended guides is cambodian tong hann, who works with the anantara siem reap.   amongst adults, giving and -year-olds the right to vote was also substantially more popular in scotland.   among the beasts that escaped were bears, wolves and monkeys.   among the day's main highlights was the little miss el-whyee pageant, which drew contestants, including a number of preschoolers.   among the democrats countering the republican refrain, sen. tim kaine says he shares the concern about iran's involvement but "this is not about turning iran from an enemy into a friend.   among the disparities cited by the flywheel suit are several benefits uber and lyft need not confer.   among the goods stolen were back-to-school items, including school bags, pencils, sharpeners, geometry sets, erasers, rulers, shoes, socks, and hardcover exercise books.   among the head choppings by guillotine and street mobs carlyle chronicled was reference in paris to the queues — or literally in old french "tails" — at bakery shops, at a time of massive famine and bread shortages among the peasants.   among the issues the bill is expected to deal with are the agency's plans to modernize the nation's air traffic control system and whether operation of that system should be transferred to a private company controlled by the airline industry.   among the major north american leagues, the nba has the highest average salary at $ million this season, according to its players' union.   "among the many acquisitions that were made in that period, i think that this is the kind of thing that would have been earmarked as a significant find," brown said.   among them is prominent opposition leader agathon rwasa, who had helped lead rebel fighters in the country's - civil war.   among the models were kim's little sis kendall jenner.   among the moving parts: gaffney said the mobile changes didn't have an immediate impact, but now "low mobile sites are starting to feel the pinch and it's just beginning."   among them were a starbucks and a barnes and noble bookstore.   among them: "wommy," "papple," "folibbysm," "wipsy," "quaribbly," "jumemo," and "finglysiv," to name more than just a few.   among the newly protected land were landmarks such as tuolumne meadows, hetch hetchy, many sierra nevada peaks and high-elevation lakes.   among the other top players to advance were -year-old american madison keys and sixth-ranked lucie safarova of the czech republic.   among the passengers who died were eric vandercar, who worked at mesirow financial, and walter liedtke, a curator of european paintings for new york city's metropolitan museum of art.   among the places the soldiers are protecting in brussels is the jewish museum, which last may was the site of an islamist attack, when a lone gunman burst into the then unguarded site and killed four people.   among these might be egypt, which had long been vocally opposed to israel's nuclear opacity but has recently closed ranks with its neighbour against common islamist adversaries.   among the seven other accidents honda failed to report was a sept. , accident that sent shrapnel into the right eye of air force lt. stephanie erdman, seriously damaging her vision.   among the tourists that were still braving visits, many took comfort in the extra security presence.   among those banned were three moscow-based employees of the bbc and a german correspondent whose names' were later removed.   among those who survived are the boat's suspected pilot and his assistant.   among those who worked at the school when schaber was dean, not one could recall schaber discussing his sexual orientation.   among trump supporters, % want someone who can bring about change.   a month later he was shown in an isil video burning his canadian passport and calling himself abu usamah.   a month with nest's latest smart thermostat i live in canada and my hometown of ottawa gets pretty damn hot and muggy in the summer, and bitterly cold in the winter.   amon tobin: isam live ., now rocking a spot on friday's lineup, first appeared at montreal's mutek festival.   a more pressing case for the ethics body is an investigation into blatter, who was interrogated by swiss prosecutors on friday in part over allegations he undervalued the awarding of world cup television rights to warner.   a mosque in the city of le mans, kilometers ( miles) southwest of paris, was hit overnight with training grenades and gunfire, local prosecutor philippe varin told the associated press.   a mosque spokesman has condemned the placement of the pig's head — which was captured on surveillance cameras being tossed out the window of a red pickup truck on sunday night — as a "hate-motivated" act, since pork is considered non-halal by islamic law.   "a mother and father should never have to see photos of a monster touching your baby."   a mother, daughter, sister and a truly exceptional wife.   a motorcyclist was killed and the driver of a sport utility vehicle was injured in a crash friday in new orleans east.   amped up emotions for everyone in rogers centre, players included.   amtrak train crash: engineer identified, being questioned the engineer of the amtrak train that derailed tuesday night has been released from the hospital and was identified wednesday as brandon bostian.   a multidisciplinary team of researchers from intel labs has been working for three years with hawking to replace his current communications system with modern technology.   a multnomah county circuit court jury on friday convicted andrey khukhryanskiy on ten counts, including robbery and first-degree assault for slashing open the other man's abdomen, causing his intestines to spill out.   a museum in rome even opened an exhibit on the dig that includes dirt from the landfill.   a muslim friend of ben ahmed’s, accompanying his wife on a trip to the hospital, was told that he had to wait for her outside, while other couples were allowed in together.   a muslim group spokesman, ousmane abakar, said the violence was in retaliation for the death of a young muslim man.   a muslim teenager arrested after a texas teacher mistook his homemade clock for a bomb won invitations to the white house, google and facebook on wednesday in a surge of public support.   amvic recommends dealers and consumers use the agreement, though the recommendation isn't binding.   amy and i were creatively made for each other.   amy hagstrom miller, head of whole women's health in mcallen, texas, an abortion provider and a plaintiff in the case, said many women would opt for dangerous methods that can be used at home if they do not have easy access to a clinic.   amyjo brown is a pittsburgh-based reporter and editor.   amzoug said what made him really angry — and want to go public — was when the company suggested he place his own ad on kijiji.   an abundance of snow days last year shortened tyler’s summer vacation.   an accused has the right to a timely hearing, so they are often held at night and on weekends.   an active southern jetstream could lead to a steady stream of storms across the south.   anaesthetists were the first tentative flag bearers, shortly followed by a joint letter from all colleges urging talks to take place between the two feuding sides.   an affinity group, sometimes called an employee resource group, is a group of colleagues with a common interest or goal.   an affordable price is one of many determinants of access.   an ago spokesperson said: “the court of appeal will only increase a prison sentence if it is exceptionally low.   an al qaeda leader by that name was mourned last year by the nusra front, after an attack on syria’s coastal village of kasab.   analysis: diplomatic correspondent jonathan marcus president assad's surprise visit to moscow represents a sign of growing confidence by the embattled syrian president.   analysis from the wall street journal: "u.   analysis: howard mustoe, business reporter the question on everyone's lips is whether the taxpayer will get value for money from its investment in rbs.   analyst picks these as big internet stock themes cnbc hrs ago fred imbert as earnings season winds down, investors can take a step back and examine the major themes driving stock prices up or down.   analysts also noted the august preliminary jobs number is historically most prone to higher revisions due to seasonal factors.   analysts attribute the slide to an expected interest rate hike in the united states and low oil prices.   analysts estimate profits dropped . percent in the third quarter, up from predictions for a . percent decline two weeks ago.   analysts estimate year-on-year sales growth to be . percent this year, compared with a . percent rise last year, primarily due to the slowing chinese economy and the rise of smaller local competitors.   analysts expected us$. billion, according to zacks investment research.   analysts, on average, expected $. per share, according to thomson reuters i/b/e/s.   analysts, on average, expected earnings of cents per share and revenue of $. million.   analysts polled by thomson reuters had forecast $. a share in earnings on $. billion in revenue.   analysts predict dwindling support for the party.   an amateur mezzo-soprano and musician, batten lived life to the fullest - one observer noted she was "gay, fond of pleasure, quite depraved, but tinged too with romance."   an american study has found that stress in adolescent rats better prepares them for adulthood.   an analysis by errata security ceo robert graham found that ashley madison was accessed over times by more than a dozen users within the department of justice's firewall, dating back to .   an ap investigation also highlighted the high number of cops who have been investigated for sexually assaulting women while on duty.   an apostate is often viewed as more of an enemy than a non-believer.   an apparently "secret" sideshow that took place on january th became the backdrop for this new music video.   an appeal court overturned that conviction last year, saying there was insufficient evidence that berlusconi knew ruby was under age.   an arrest warrant said that cortez told police that she had conspired with an unidentified man to rob hatcher.   a narrow jet of bright red arterial blood started to pump upwards.”   a national association of head teachers (naht) heads' union survey of schools with nurseries suggests most would have to cut places to accommodate children moving from a half to a full day.   a nationalist german party that has gained both support and criticism for tough talk on migrants is asking supporters for donations, saying planned changes in party financing rules could hurt its prospects.   a native of wake county she was daughter to the late horace & betty mann collins.   anatomy of the old file and suspend/restricted application strategies i was familiar with these strategies before the recent changes.   an attacker can leap from account to account and possibly gain access to thousands of users by going off just one person’s friend list.   an attempted carjacking was caught on surveillance camera at a car wash in georgia.   an autopsy concluded the cause of death was pneumonia due to measles.   an autopsy revealed that barr did, in fact, have black lung; only then was his wife awarded benefits.   an average , suicide attempts by youth occur per day, the groups say.   ancient texts and works of art indicate that there were two ways to play kottabos.   and to -year-olds, in particular, will drive as much as half of all new home sales this year.   and a -year-old pensioner said that in the years without a wall, there hadn't been a single accident on the tracks.   and above all, remember that this season of death and darkness is, in large part, what gives new yorkers their hardcore edge.   and, according to code for america: on june , , thousands of people from across the united states will come together for national day of civic hacking.   and according to the investors intelligence survey, bullish sentiment among advisors is down to .% from .% a week ago and .% at the end of april.   and after adjusting for inflation, all but three states—alaska, north dakota, and wyoming—spent less money per student in the latest academic year than they did before the recession.   and after that, even if it was a.m., a.m., after raping me, he would go take a shower and pray again."   and after that, you leave and try to find a better life and a better place in this world.   and against cruz, who has surged in recent polls in the important early state of iowa, clinton would win with percent to cruz's percent, though that's within the poll's margin of error of plus-minus . percentage points.   and ailes won't soon forget that trump triggered days of references to kelly's "blood."   "and all of those are markers for heart disease.   and all this together creates even more energy than normal panels.   and a lot of that engagement is going to facebook.   and a lot of what people will see will be much more northern exposure than what the convention bureau up there would have us all believe.   and although some experts claim that ukraine’s losses from totally rupturing relations with russia will be devastating for the country, this is not the case.   and although we can’t say for sure if these people really went there, here are five who say they have seen heaven and lived to tell about the experience.   and americans for prosperity, a national nonprofit backed by republican mega-donors charles and david koch, took to local cable on sept. to attack conway, a spokesman for the group said.   and a new deal between the social network and a data firm is meant to help.   and apple’s siri remote isn’t much like anything you’ve ever used to play games before.   "and a rain-snow mixture from great lakes to western new york."   and are we doing everything we can to make sure we leverage this investment to benefit british columbians as much as possible?   and argentina did it without having to use its star lionel messi, who watched from the stands at the meadowlands.   and around half of all new cars bought here are diesels.   and as an adolescent, i was able to express my thoughts and opinions and exercise my rights and ability to participate fully in my family and community.   and as a result, record labels often effectively control the artists' music.   and as a result, the cubs have yet to have the lead in this series.   and a short time later, platini's son got a job with qatar sports investments.   and as long as we keep going through the process of immersion, release and renewal that the movies give us, neither, perhaps, will we.   and as lower prices gripped the u.s., consumers there went back to their vehicles in droves — so demand is up and supply is down."   and, as mentioned, they also look strong in goal in the future.   and, as sfist recently noted, prop i would also have the consequence of killing plans to turn the armory's huge drill court space, recently fitted with a new floor and sound-proofing, into a full-time concert and event venue.   and as some of us grinches reluctantly get dragged kicking and screaming into the holiday cheer, i was called upon to construct a list of the things black people must know this holiday season.   "and as soon as we come to the realization we all bleed red, breath air, have a heart and a soul and live on the same planet we can all work together to squash the bullies."   and as such, the company has gone to great lengths in order to keep gluten out of its gluten-free cheerios.   and as the mercury news reports, predictably, "the show is her way of saying she never felt victimized by her husband, but she does feel victimized by the political and legal system."   and as the white race's numbers decline, its belief in reverse discrimination grows.   and as we started to pull those things out, we said, 'hey, that would be interesting next to that.'   and at . percent, the participation rate is historically very low.   and at devastation today.   and at some point, a goaltender is going to have to make sure the deficit doesn't get to where it got to saturday night.   and at the chika-chan riceball cafe further inland, a visit from japanese prime minister shinzo abe and the women's high-quality dishes have yet to ensure financial success.   "and at the end of the day, we view it as arizona's efforts to pass common-sense laws to protect pre-born children and their mothers have been successful."   "and at the summit of the americas, one of the things i informed (president) pena nieto is we will participate but we’ll insist that those topics are on the agenda."   and banks have looked at what's happened in kenya and have decided that they don't want to see that happening in their own countries.   and because booze dehydrates you, it can trick you into thinking you need food when your body is really calling for water.   and because clients are criminalised, they are reluctant to leave any information by which they can be traced."   and because of ethical and cost concerns this is unlikely to happen, the researchers pointed out.   and because they function exclusively over the web, online banks implement strict security measures to keep your financial data out of the hands of strangers.   and beijing is aware of the serious repercussions from the sinking of the sewol ferry in south korea -- a disaster with many parallels -- which saw the prime minister resign.   and bofinger raised the widely ignored fact that -- despite endless german bellyaching about the so-called eu drain on its wealth -- germany's contribution to other members of the european union has been exactly zero euros.   and bojangles competitor zaxby's has won raves from many chicken fans too.   and burundi is a neighbor of rwanda, where in an estimated , minority tutsis and moderate hutus were slaughtered in an ethnic genocide.   and by several unsuccessful attempts had been made to use it in a car - about the time charles h. duell, then director of the u.s. patent office, declared "everything that can be invented has been invented."   and by having a long acting safe agent onboard like a therapeutic antibody, what we are able to do is prevent that initiation from firing off the migraine at the get go," schatzman said.   and certainly more top-girl roles have appeared in recent decades, as women found more chances to have their say and be heard.   and chances are if one of those persons died in custer, they were buried in boot hill cemetery.   and change is always difficult.   and, charbon says, advances in single photon detection could improve a phenomenon called proximity sensing, which today's smart phones use to determine whether someone is using the phone.   and children will march.   and crystal’s high cascades scenery and usually reliable snow are only highway miles from seattle.   and despite the exegetical industry that has sprung up in the last years, ulysses is also a compulsively readable book.   and don’t forget to check out the may guide or the best night out in los angeles for other ideas.   and, don't look now, but here come thousands of bicyclists not dressed in anything.   and don't think i always get my own way.   and each reflects fresh thinking that led to measurable results, many in areas that could benefit from president barack obama's economic plan, such as education, health-care, and home-ownership initiatives.   anderlecht general director herman van holsbeek called it "unique for the club, a measure with serious consequences" that would hit the finances of the club.   anders nilsson made saves in his first appearance for edmonton, but he couldn't stop spezza when the dallas forward took a dump-off pass from antoine roussel in the slot.   anderson cooper: course really have to be a mother to-- suzy kwetuenda: yes.   anderson cooper looks at the plane’s final moments and the search for answers.   anderson died thursday of a heart attack at vanderbilt hospital in nashville after being admitted for pneumonia, publicist mark logsdon told cnn.   anderson dismissed opener shan masood (one) and shoaib malik (nought) in the third over as pakistan's second innings started disastrously on a weary sheikh zayed stadium pitch.   anderson's two free throws in the middle of it tied the game for the sixth and last time in the half at -all.   and even if he had been correctly diagnosed, no treatments exist to tackle the underlying causes of the disease.   and even if i had to stand alone, i was to do that.”   and even though all the social networks are all lumped together, twitter is by far the thirstiest, accounting for more than percent of the social network notifications.   and even though they walked away two points richer with a - shootout win over the edmonton oilers, costly mistakes and bad penalties continue to be a problem.   and everyone agrees that degrees of warming is too much.   and everyone was left trying to make heads or tails of the new england coach's stunning decision.   and false modesty is not part of his approach to the game.   and finally, you must deal with all of the above while at the same time keeping symptoms of mental illness or another disability under control.   and for good reason..   and for many this has become a family tradition, bringing back memories of the good 'ole days.   and for prenzo, her daughter is one of those who are not vaccinated.   ’ and for wexler, who recently authored “all bets are off: losers, liars and recovery from gambling addiction” it’s no longer a question of containing sports wagering.   and from to , hertha had no top-flight football, which hampered the generational transfer of support," says uwe bremer of the "berliner morgenpost".   and from the bunker, holed the bunker shot to make a five.   and gap is placing a big bet on lululemon’s biggest direct threat, athleta.   and getting that story to the public has not been easy, despite the fact that fifa operates under the olympic charter, which mandates open media access.   and given how early king's endorsement comes in the cycle -- he traditionally has waited until quite late in the caucus season to send word -- it could give cruz real lift in organizing northwest iowa, where king lives.   "and given that they're so occupied with achieving their goals, it makes sense that they would be more likely to do so."   and he accused gop critics of violating a rule in american politics that "we don't play fast and loose" on important foreign policy issues.   and he'd lower climate-harming emissions to address global warming.   and he has won five senior majors, which is tied for fifth most.   and he is not doing much to hide from the attention, launching a political committee this week to help him travel and raise money as he considers a presidential bid.   and he never told anyone what happened a month later in a prisoner-of-war camp in the heart of germany.   and he ran :!   and here it is: bush/trump .   and here’s apple insider on the same topic: traffic data from appleinsider shows that visits from devices that appear to be running early builds of ios have been steadily increasing over the last month.   and, he said, any faith can be "twisted" by humans to justify acts of injustice and violence.   and he should know what he is talking about, as he is not only one of the most well known publishers in taiwan, but has also been head of the taipei book fair.   and he sought to expand opportunity for all," the president said.   and hooper points the finger at donald trump and other muslim-bashers. advertisement "somebody on our facebook site likened what's happening to lava building in a volcano and finally erupting," he told nbc news.   and however the chatter has leaned on "selma," those who support the movie should be grateful that there is chatter at all carrying the movie to the finish line.   and how many times has this story been repeated?   and how will you approach the challenge of government bureaucracies where workers may view data as their possession, not the public's?   and i always said the goal of mattachine is to put ourselves out of business.   and i can't forget the image of those isil women, knocking on doors in mosul looking for young girls to be "brides."   and i certainly will never regret living here.   and i cursorily imagined a youngish middle manager, slumped over his disorderly workstation in a depot or showroom by an airport somewhere, loosening his tie as he pressed the hot phone to his reddened ear.   and i don't know why i'm still standing here talking to you."   and i don't think they know, even in our totally technically driven economy, who makes this stuff, how it got here.   and if a high-risk patient suddenly sits up, an alarm sounds.   and if i know joe, he will always be on the front lines, always fighting for all of us."   and i find it amazing, actually, that all these supposed fact-checkers in the mainstream media claim this doesn't exist.   and if it did, it should have made every effort to find it quickly.   and if it hadn’t been for france we wouldn’t of had jazz, that’s for sure.   and if nature is kind, the collisions may also present a chance to look at dark matter.   "and if someone can sell them, that's great.   "and if that's lost," said chairman crocker, "i think that would be a very negative thing for franklin county or for any area."   and if the seahawks want to pick up the necessary w’s going forward, they’re going to have to be smarter.   and if they say they can get things made cheaper "over there", then why do they still get paid like kings?   and if you can discover a new planet while you're at it, you could also be pushing the boundaries of our knowledge.   and if you eat too much - free weight watchers meetings.   and if you have anything of value, a yard sale is a quick way to make a nice chunk of cash.   and if you’re not totally comfortable being who you are, well, prince isn’t a bad place to start.   "and if you see something like that, you know a dog is starting to feel the heat stress — and that's pretty serious."   and if you think your own job is safe, think again.   and if you want action, try flipping a coin, which produces the same exhilaration of any of the game’s mechanics.   "and i guess that's why i closed my eyes -- i'm not sure.   and i hasten to add: you get what you pay for.   "and i have told my husband to start washing the leaves."   and i just kept thinking and not all these other kids and i have to need them place.   and i know god will take care of it."   and i'm also going to go ahead and assume that right now you're not making the money or the difference that you truly want to be making.   and i'm a young boss woman."   "and i'm over here calling this guy to find out if he's okay -- and he's the shooter?   "and i’m positive you’ve thought about it.   "and i'm sorry it took so long, but you know, life happened."   and i'm sure that's what they intended to do.   and in a court filing rebuffing the new jersey democrat’s bid to overturn charges against him, prosecutors revisit uncharged allegations of underage prostitution that kicked off the federal probe.   and in addition to these three victims, the suspect is also deceased."   and, in almost all cases, the compensation program is really the only legal option available to people injured by vaccines.   and in a new ad from the ndp, tom mulcair simply says: "i'm ready."   and in dunedin, new zealand, on saturday, a vandal spray-painted a swastika on a headstone and knocked over two others, breaking them, in the jewish section of the southern cemetery, the new zealand herald reported.   and in europe, investors are still waiting for more news on whether ab inbev (bud) and sabmiller (sbmry) will merge. . market overview: u.s. stock futures are sinking and the overall market mood is muted.   and in healthy relationships, it can be an positive force in our lives.   and in many places where forests used to grow, cities and industrial areas are thriving now.   and in "quiz show," she played dorothy van doren, the upright mother of ralph fiennes' charles van doren -- again, clueless to her son's angst.   and instead of cutting those maintenance prices, enterprise vendors are doing audits and other routine ball busting to keep customers paying up for old products.   and in terms of hits, that's pretty well as far as poor stacy got.   and in that time, what would have been a low-key meeting took on new importance.   "and in the cases where we've not provided options," belfiore went on to say, "we feel that those things have to do with the health of the system, and are not personal information or are not related to privacy."   and in the eight days i was there i didn't see one window that wasn't shattered.   and in the hours before president xi arrives for the nuclear-powered pomp of a state visit to britain, what can we glean from the numbers that's of relevance to us?   and investors don't always prevail in arbitration proceedings.   and i read the paper," said laethan wene.   "and i remember thinking, why that sound?   "and i said, 'have you noticed this phenomenon?'   and isis, make no mistake about it, is an evil in this world.   and, i suspect, wonderful films whose titles just aren’t jumping out at me right now.   and it appears that it could go on for quite a while," said ken volk, the president of the arizona tenants advocates.   and it doesn't look quite as refined as a promotional image of the same machine.   and i thank you for your friendship and your counsel, and all of us thank you for your character and your integrity.   and i think in order to make them look like losers, we have to destroy their caliphate.   and it is sturdy enough for manager lloyd mcclendon to slot paxton into sunday’s starting spot.   "and it really touches me that everyone is coming out to watch.   and it's a nod to the importance of china, where customers know the continental name and appreciate brands with a rich history.   "and it's another way for organizations and people on twitter to reach a global audience at the most relevant moments."   and it's likely to happen again in .   "and it's much different when you read about it.   and it's not just during the holidays.   and it starts with the mother.   and it took an actual war to settle the slavery argument.   and it was all thanks to angel tree and the salvation army.   and it was humbling.   and it wasn't just the regime — the public shared in the suspicion of yankee imperialists.   and it will be a direct upgrade, meaning you can run the windows installation in windows or ., and you should end up with windows in the end.   and i want to believe it," she said from seattle.   and i was getting blisters.   and i was told this.   and i will always be thankful for their passion and expertise," he said.   and jermaine didn't even realize he'd been stabbed: "he came in saying he’d been hit in his head.   and john, who became a ceo instead of a pastor, said his father was the most remarkable man he knew.   and just as congress returns from its august recess, republicans are launching fresh attacks against the iran nuclear deal.   and keiley's staging of the aftermath of humpty dumpty's great fall is a bit of comic brilliance.   and killing and displacing innocent civilians is the best advertisement available to isis recruiters.   and let's bring in abc news chief health and medical editor doctor richard baxter think it's so much for joining us and you know.   and, like many community leaders who fear that the coming heat waves, hurricanes, and superstorms will overwhelm their neighborhoods’ defenses, eisenhard worries that the plan is “not very strong should someone attempt to implement it.”   "and lyle said, 'of course, i've been your father for years, i'm going to keep on being here for you,' " he said.   and maybe even fired.   and maybe some daft youtube links as well.   and mickelson could become the second-oldest winner in masters history after jack nicklaus, who was when he won in .   and more costly eggs have in turn begun causing price increases everywhere from diners to bakeries.   "and moscow takes advantage."   and much of the bible is taken up by the same theme: israel is constantly disobeying god, leading it into all sorts of trouble, but god never wavers from his end of the covenant.   and my mom could walk with me, but every time the police went by, she would drop me.   and my spanish is suitable only for insulting people.   and nancy grace isn't happy about it.   and neither mr. tsipras nor any other individual leader or single country can be expected to contribute to such a policy shift without quick, clear and strong eu and social alliances.   "and never pray for one of them who dies, nor stand at his grave, for they do not believe in allah and his envoys, and they died as evildoers" supporters of "wacht auf" (wake up), a salafist group in offenbach near frankfurt, wrote on facebook.   and no one is the awkward loner standing off to the side.   and not every article or editorial was translated in both languages.   and now energia hopes to build an offshore wind park near the estonian island of hiiumaa, about kilometers east of sweden and kilometers south of finland.   and now, fire agencies stepping up to help those who lost their own homes as they worked to protect others.   and now he was sick.   “and now it’s got to december, and we’re in the last week, we can basically hear the governor coming down the corridor and he’s about to put the key in the cell door to take you to meet your fate,” he said.   and now, mike huckabee, has picked up that same critique, scolding beyonce and the obamas for allowing their daughters to listen to the pop singer.   and now schools are getting in on the act. university of washington and university of massachusetts dormitory and dining-hall officials announced a bet of their own friday.   and now that they've seen this video, carr says more charges are likely under the highway traffic act and the criminal code.   and now, the wildcats are -, just one win away from a perfect regular season.   and now we know where they buy their tools -- from a tiny italian company in milan.   and now your contract will run at least eight years.   and number three, even getting the shelter built to the level we had it built, we had to borrow money to complete construction.”   and, of course, i loved the dog.   and, of course, jesus disdained worldly possessions: “it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven… it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of god.”   and of course, our greatest ally, saudi arabia was there -- although a little out of breath having just days ago flogged a blogger."   and, of course, that being said, 'safe, sane and consensual' is always a part of what we teach.   and of course, we'd imagine that windows will be a big part of microsoft's good-will initiative.   and one of them is that i don't think it's good enough just to talk the talk on campaign finance reform.   and one of the other two worked for president ronald reagan.   and one of the topics being discussed is medical marijuana.   and one thing that came across very clearly is: the united states would not allow us to say that we were satisfied.   and on friday, the program drew early praise from maryland democratic rep. elijah cummings, who called it "super great," but said "we need even more" reforms.   and on just about every piece of downtown-related advertising, dtla is stamped on some corner.   and only then, after being informed that his team would not be able to play at the venerable robert f. kennedy stadium unless he complied.   and on monday, ukrainian president petro poroshenko accused russia of sending large shipments of military aid to the rebels in violation of a february peace accord.   and, on the other, there’s this unknown territory of baby snakes (are they even cute?) who aren’t unwrapped so much as they are liberated in this terribly organic mess of blood and yolk and egg shell.   and on wednesday, twitter said it was partnering with u.s. retailers to help them sell products through a "buy now" button in tweets, a feature that does not involve square, and relies on potential rivals to square's service.   and pack your warm coat.   and people in the uk are among the most likely in europe (%) to attend dental surgeries, second only to those in the netherlands (%), the bda adds.   and, perhaps most crucial of all, the focus was on european emancipation: is europe able to solve its own conflicts without help from the united states?   and probably no one outside law enforcement would have even paid much attention to sanchez if not for what happened after he finished his latest stint behind bars.   and quebec's national assembly has begun its own inquiry into the sexual abuse of aboriginal women.   andrea hug said the moment that she heard a marine helicopter was missing, she knew it was her son's.   and rear and calls all of the audience and you may be patient as we can to help them to service their needs.   andrei markov and nathan beaulieu scored for montreal, and carey price made saves.   andrei skvortsov is the international treatment preparedness coalition representative for russia.   and rescue crews must risk their own safety to retrieve them.   and research by jp morgan found that while percent of all current workers expect to retire after age , in reality, just percent do.   andrew luck is struggling after missing the first two games of his career and indianapolis has several issues.   andrew monitors them twice daily and they are thriving, having made a smooth transition from rural new england to midtown manhattan."   andrew pickett in the basement of cathedral church of all saints.   andrew shaw had two goals late in the third, sending the ducks to their first regulation loss of the playoffs.   andrew upton and cate blanchett, pictured on september , , were joint artistic directors of the …   andrew velasquez told ksfn-tv in fresno that mohammad kept to himself.   andrew white says his sulfachar system eliminates chemical waste from the biogas process, while increasing renewable gas plants' profitability and stopping the degradation to gas engines caused by hydrogen sulfide (hs).   andrew wilkes, jessica kiely and stephanie kim-bryan handle interpreter and small role switching, easily.   andreyev also said polish-russian relations were currently at their worst since because poland had chosen to freeze political and cultural contacts.   android is the os used in virtually every smartphone sold in america.   android users spend significantly less on average than ios users.   and rose and jimmy butler, for just the third time all season (in part because they just haven't shared the court together much), both had at least in the same game.   and sandland said “several hundred” of them will have the design catered to city streets, with a portion of those likely serving alcohol.   and, secondly, he hopes the discovery will begin to clear the air around harding’s scandalized reputation in history.   and she also demanded the chairmanship of a task force to devise the biggest healthcare reform in the country's history.   and she criticized the gop for spending time on the abortion debate instead of debating measures focused on job creation.   and she didn't dress her language in non-partisan terms either; she called republican-led voter id laws "a sweeping effort to disenfranchise and disempower people of color, poor people, and young people."   and she fell instantly in love with the charming four-bedroom villa overlooking a small valley into which she moved after spotting a small ad on first arriving in town with her sister.   and she says while his kayak worked fine without it on the way out to the island in a calmer river, now with the waves, she was concerned about him.   and she’s one of them.   and she's subtly resurrected her primary attack of obama's approach to world affairs, taking a more hawkish stance toward russia, syria and iran.   and she was so humble and a very giving person," macdonald said.   and short interest in the u.s. recently reached the highest since the financial crisis.   and similarly with israel, israel is obviously our closest ally and partner in the region.   and since sales are rising, it's not a stretch to expect the company to end the year in the range of about $ million annually.   and skinny people aren't always healthy.   and so it is that, as the party ends, everybody leaves with jerry, hanging on his every word.   and so it's just pass at this juncture,'' flanders told the new york times.   and soldiers had been able to reopen two private radio stations that had been closed by the government, he said.   and some advice from someone who signed their name as david lynch in : "keep your eye on the donut, not the hole."   and some candidates left no doubt about what their campaigns purchased — and had plenty of spaces to spare.   and some members of both houses remain divided on the position to be taken on the un agreement.   and some schools in the most disadvantaged areas are actually worse off because of cuts in other areas of the schools budget.   and so something else was going on and he said let’s do it in la.   and so you begin these years hoping to cope, to survive, to make friends that last you a lifetime.   and squares have one additional benefit that you can use to your advantage.   and steps to improve water storage during wet years, like increasing the use of reservoirs, could also help, cook said.   and still another: "i prayed so hard for you all.   and still others see the possibility that biden could become a spoiler in the democratic race, hurting clinton—the candidate they believe has the best chance of success against any republican.   and still others were doubtful about the "millionaire matchmaker" hookup.   and that every person who is not actively working against that structure plays a complicit role in upholding it.   and that gives me confidence."   and that has its own dangers.   and that income stream is another thing apple stock provides that google does not.   and that's all the more impressive when you contemplate how easy it would have been for "fresh" to be a train wreck.   and that's divine, broussard's friend shirley williams wrote in a comment her on broussard's facebook page.   "and that seems to me to be a sensible approach.   and that’s exactly what’s happened.   and that's just the ground level.   and that's part of the problem, says shannon.   and that's putting it mildly.   and that's saying a lot.   “and that’s tainted his reputation here at home.”   and that's what i've always seen."   "and that's what we've done."   and that's when the gloves may come off.   "and that's when they may start asserting themselves, 'i am a boy, i am a girl, god made a mistake,' that sort of thing, and then the parents will know there is some distress going on here because the brain gender identify is not matching the birth sex."   and that’s why i think men and women should be more judicious about their drinking choices.   and that's why it's important to stand up to bullies, wherever they are."   and that's why japanese and those in the know adore it.   and that’s why when we see relationships end or characters die, it hurts.   and the barbecue sauce makes a sweet, spicy and tangy flavouring for meat.   and the biggest 'cluster' by far was a group of seven streets: southwest park ave., fourth ave., sw taylor street, third ave., sw washington street, sw stark street, and sw salmon.   and the chicken appeared."   and the exclusion of this group from health reform -- along with other restrictions that affect fully legal immigrants as well -- could create a massive coverage gap that puts a strain on the rest of the health system as well.   and the extremist group is putting a particular focus on girls, analysts say.   “and the flip side of it, the kind of anger and the sense of outrage that comes from discovering that that’s not the truth of the matter, that gives american horror films, in some ways, kind of an additional rage.”   and the hashtag did trend — in the u.s., canada and worldwide — by monday afternoon.   and the instrument of your revenge—laws that require hiv-positive people to disclose to their sex partners—are unjust and unworkable.   and the job had to be done fairly.   and the last time this possibility was explored was when herbert hoover was president, the great depression was in full swing and the charles lindbergh baby kidnapping was the big news story of the year – .   and the media plays no small part in fueling the madness.   and the money eventually arrived, even if it had to be transported in suitcases.   and then by grumbling about his grandson, who -- much to hayden's displeasure -- likes to play with dolls.   and then he picks the targets by himself, organizes his attackers and executes his mission.   "and then i played a loose game on my serve with the new balls.   and then she turned, bounding away unhurriedly into the dim evening woods.   and then the second issue is how likely is it that they are going to get there," said claudi.   and then the state -- the german state: to care for hundreds of thousands of new refugees went way beyond all possible forecasts, and still worked surprisingly well.   and then they build monuments to you."   and the numbers on jeb show he's closer to mike huckabee than to hillary clinton -- or even bernie sanders or ted cruz.   and then we also have "for members."   and then you'll either be sold or you'll decide it doesn't quite fit in your universe.   "and then you move on to a sense of acceptance of it."   and the past wasn't so great for many of our neighbors.   “and the people who come to see me are the people who are tired of being afraid.   and the pieces on display include some gems, but the vast majority of the works are displayed in alienating glass cases within austere rooms.   and the protesters seem to be just carrying on with their protests."   "and the reality is not that."   "and therefore it would be almost suicidal to try and expand volumes to the detriment of that relationship."   and there is that change in atmosphere that everyone is talking about.   and the reports from the front shown each night on television vaunting the success of the russian operation in syria will do nothing to change that.   and there's a lot on the plate of an executor or family member dealing with a death already," she said.   and there's a touch of melancholy," gilgoff said.   and there's a weird sense that if your hero sometimes has the same brain processes as you do then maybe you are not that weird and will be okay after all.   and there’s lingering concern the recent slowdown was more than just the result of some bad weather.   “and there's only three or four of them.   and the response from miss piggy?   and there was no traffic scramble to help pedestrians cross back then, just tommy, who manages to quickly gum up the works.   and there were , pending sales — mutual purchase agreements that haven’t closed yet — a percent jump over the year.   and the rsp, a force of around only ,, will need the rest of the military’s support to keep control of the country.   and the shoe was sticking inside the horse's side," she said.   and the sound from the stage was surprising crisp, even on the upper deck.   and the supreme leader can’t say, ‘stop shouting this phrase,’ because he is the essence of the iranian people.”   and the surface pro starts at $ more.   and the uaw provided the detroit office space where king wrote his most iconic speech, "i have a dream."   and the way the person that did it, all people that involved know who did it is and i hope they take their own life or turn themselves in," said the brother.   and the weather company has boatloads of it.   and the who is hoping countries that may have grown complacent about mers are taking note.   and the wisconsin team that won the prize the last two years is fighting to defend its title.   and they can enable amazing new pc experiences like logging into your computer with your face and having a personal assistant respond to your voice."   and they can say, yes, we've got handydart in place, yes you can take the bus, but i mean, you're inconveniencing hundreds if not thousands of people."   "and they can't have you back."   and they don't appear to be a massive money-maker.   "and they help you in terms of things like eating a lot of bacon.   and they’re all strong looking guys,” said trump, who wondered why the refugees weren’t staying and fighting for their county.   and they're arguably topics of greater importance.   "and they're not supposed to park on the street."   and they voted massively against politics-as-usual in last year's european parliamentary polls.   and they want to legalize marijuana.   and thirdly, gangs in the tri-cities start recruiting young.   "and this is why i love the idea of embracing other females who are doing what i'm doing.   and this person is a catholic saint?   and this year it grew, with more employers wanting to be a part of it.”   and those are solutions that can actually be turned into economic opportunities, instead of just costs.   and those numbers will come even as the company expects a percent to percent jump in sales of between $. billion to $. billion.   and those theories run the gamut.   and those wanting to document their "mudik" in pictures can download "instadeen", which allows users to add religious text or koranic verses to their photos before posting them online.   and though his car was found in the restaurant's lot, hoffa was never spotted again.   and three gave $ million.   and thus far in february, crude oil and the s&p have enjoyed a huge positive correlation of . (with indicating perfect correlation).   “and thus, it really wasn’t gorffwysfa anymore, it was just sussex drive.”   and to be honest with you, even jesus, let alone you, would have also tripped in that kind of situation," he said.   and to those candidates thinking they have time to catch trump by ignoring him and talking policy, stop kidding yourself.   and unfortunately, we don't really have religious scholars who can stand up and say that this is not right.   and unlike other sci-fi hit movies like "blade runner" and "the matrix," the series also gives fans reason for optimism.   and unlike the sandcastles you may have built in your youth, these pop-up palaces have windows, electricity, running water and wi-fi.   and warren buffet learned how to analyze business from his business partner, charlie munger.   and watch cbc aboriginal for a feature article on the language house.   “and we believe that there is more that can be done if countries are willing to contribute additional resources.”   and we can look at these issues more calmly," said peter swire, who served on a review panel appointed by president barack obama after former contractor edward snowden's revelations of vast nsa surveillance.   and we cannot let that happen."   and we could create benefits for people and salmon.   and we encourage all people to come down.   and we have allowed ourselves to be tempted.   and we have bunked off."   "and we just ran as fast as we could."   and we know that not talking about racism doesn't make it disappear.   and, we must square our shoulders to the great challenge of climate change and make this threat our opportunity.   and we need to move on the all three main tracks: political settlement, security and humanitarian-economic issues.   and we're looking at a quick knockdown on a fire," jetter said.   and we’re very different.   and we see the same story through the eyes of her mother, who is flawed, but who has learned: "you have to honour what you feel and what you want.   and what about the bear case behind our economist magazine-cover indicator?   and what do you eat?   and what if, amongst those refugees, are radicalised men and women, intent on causing us harm?   and what's more, you will get punched and kneed and elbowed and stomped on the face, although we don't like to talk about that, at least when the beer's not flowing.   and when all star guard kyrie irving was lost in the opening game of the finals, many pundits considered the series all but over and were ready to crown golden state as champions.   and when bear's microchip was scanned, his owners were identified and the reunion was arranged for the following day.   and when i saw roots, i said, "i'm going to do dollmaker as a television show."   and when randy is out there - this is really important to understand - he has the full support of the u.s. government behind him.   and when same-sex marriage was on the table in the uk, ben & jerry's renamed the apple pie flavor available there apple-y ever after.   and when she saw what she had done, she gave her father forty-one."   and when the temperature dropped overnight to below freezing, it turned into ice.   and when we were doing an interview in the hallway, some younger kids made the mistake of running by.   and when you are working in a mad-dash pace five days a week, every second you can get back from daily duties adds up by the end of the week.   and when you run well, that opens it up for them.   and when you see bubbles, you're like — we got yeast!   and while a political solution remains elusive, mass killings such as those in charleston, chattanooga and lafayette continue with alarming frequency across the u.s. — a recent study found one occurs in america every two weeks.   and while its push for animal rights has coincided with larger trends, like the popularity of vegan diets, it's also led to real achievements, like an end to using live animals in car crash tests following a peta campaign.   and, while last year’s sharp price drop was heavily influenced by two large supply shocks, the current decline also has an important demand dimension.   and while napiorkowski may have supported bush, trump's comments about the former president aren't going to stop her from supporting him.   and while officials wait for results from water sample testing, they're advising residents to use bottled water for drinking and cooking.   and while some of these players will remain in canada for longer than others, they and their teams will have many reasons to feel pride in their achievements.   and while we all love an underdog story, the spirit of xprize is to create a level playing field, to facilitate and aid in the testing of new technologies, and to incentivize progress with enormous prize funds.   and who are we to argue with that?   and who wouldn’t — he’s undercutting the cabs by nearly half the fare.   and why do men fight over the right to say what they mean while grabbing everyone else’s right to speak, too?   and why dont we put back the historic streetcars that used to run on th street and further restrict the damned cars?   and why not plan ahead for international awesome bloggers day?   and why so many other soldiers who were there that day were in the audience thursday.   and widespread confusion remains on the ground about consensual sex and exploitation.   and will they cause a new hazard for cyclists who might cycle off the sides of them?   and with blood donation falling massively over the last decade, we literally cannot afford to turn people away on the basis of a confused and judgemental policy that doesn't fit our needs or sensibilities.   and withdrawals from a roth aren't counted in adjusted gross income, either.   and with kevin love out with a shoulder injury and kyrie irving trying to gut through injuries to both legs, james has again taken the team on his broad shoulders and carried them to the brink of the eastern conference finals.   and with more than three dozen ways to customize, prices can range anywhere from $ to $,.   and wolf has reason to be concerned — pennsylvania ranks near the bottom in the country in state funding for k through education.   and worst of all is that the authorities have given no indication that they plan to do anything about any of this.   and yes, i heard about the new series.   and yes laptops, work phones, remote desktops and numerous other technological advancements have alleviated previous concerns and issues with working from home, but levin emphasizes that not all roles are suitable to working from home.   and yet, absolute financial clarity remains a distant prospect.   "and yet, he will do so grounded enough in wisdom of the past that we won't drive off a cliff."   and yet many of the bookings we have are people who have already seen the shroud.   and yet there is something brazen, if not insensitive about the display.   andy hessenthaler with competition winner gary norman they were joined by supporter gary norman, who won a competition to take part.   and you can also pick up the watch from various boutique stores and other retailers around the world.   and you, my father, there on the sad height, curse, bless, me now with your fierce tears, i pray.   and you're not going to find a banksy in ardsley.   and your law-abiding citizen doesn't throw firearms into a bag of tortilla chips," he said.   and you will need that if you plan to visit the expo.   and you won't hear about any sort of coherent energy strategy that allows us to be a long-term net exporter of oil, instead of being dependent on foreign oil from our enemies, in order to strengthen our national security.   and you would have to drink eight bottles (of kombucha) just to get the buzz of one beer."   andy rooney on how to unwrap presents the late minutes correspondent didn't approve of careful unwrapping or saving the used paper for later.   andy warhol took hundreds of polaroids of actors, athletes, musicians and other artists.   "andy was a friend to every person she met."   a nearby resident said they heard several gunshots and looked out to see the man stumbling in the street, according to capt. jim mcmillen, dps public information officer.   a nearby worker flattened a tire to prevent the carjacker from leaving.   an earlier version of this article said that it had four.   an early round of tests this year forced more than , inmates to be moved from the two prisons, while more than , inmates could be moved in to take their place because they are less likely to get the disease.   an ecologist with the u.s. fish and wildlife service inspects dead buttonwood trees in big pine key, florida.   "an economic downturn might not spell catastrophe.   a neighbor testified at the trial that he saw the girl running and carrying firewood and sticks over a two-hour period as he came and went from his home.   "an element of intuition is very important," he said.   an emergency meeting he held in harare with the provincial top brass earlier in the week had failed to reach a settlement as warring parties took hard-line factional positions.   an emotional time for all of us, but you feel for them.   an employee of the day care center declined comment, citing the police investigation.   an employee works at a chinese automobile factory in hefei, anhui province, march , .   an empty site the hospital was first announced by the provincial government in , and has been criticized by opposition mhas and area residents for the amount of time it's taking to complete the project.   an empty train in singapore are what dreams are made off.   an epidemic in the early s caused more than million u.s. cases, thousands of miscarriages and more than , infant deaths.   an eu diplomat said the agreement was worth between billion and billion euros.   an evacuation order for people within a half-mile radius was lifted friday morning.   a new campaign by the non-profit organization raising the roof features people dealing with homelessness reading the mean things people have said about them on social media aloud.   a new course at the university of waterloo will focus on beyoncé's eponymous album 'beyoncé' and her feminism.   a new image from the hubble space telescope reveals its drifting, delicate remnants.   a new monmouth university poll of new hampshire democrats released tuesday shows clinton edging out vermont sen. bernie sanders if the election were held today, %-%.   a new president, vice-presidents, and the chairmen of the six main committees of the general assembly are elected at the start of each regular session.   a new recession is the last thing europe needs.   a news conference this morning, dr. yves léger, the district medical officer of health for the moncton region, said there are now confirmed cases, up from . most are in the moncton area.   a new set of numbers from pew released this week shows percent of americans now favor it and percent oppose it.   a news release says the curators are scheduled to meet at : p.m. wednesday and go into executive session at : p.m. the release doesn't say what the board will be talking about.   a new study from northwestern university and vanderbilt university reports that they have discovered a way to block the virus from feeding on sugar in a person's bloodstream, thus killing it off.   a new study just published in the canadian medical association journal (i'll post a link as soon as it becomes available) looks at the safety of home births - and puts a very positive spin on a traditional practice.   a new study revealed not everyone in europe's corporate world has learned their lesson from the financial crisis.   a new study shows that meditation may actually alleviate the symptoms of two gut disorders by altering certain genetic signals.   a new talking barbie called “hello barbie,” stores what it learns about kids, so it can engage in “real” conversation based on its understanding of their personalities.   a new version of the computer-animated classic reboot is returning to tv with half-hour episodes.   a new wave of israeli raids on gaza killed people, including a child who died when the tower housing afp's office was struck for the second time in hours.   an experimental vaccine tested on thousands of people in guinea exposed to ebola seems to work and might help shut down the ongoing epidemic in west africa, according to interim results from a study published friday, july , .   an explosive device was also found and deactivated in front of the mayor's office in matamoros, the task force added.   an extension until oct. is only a partial solution for taxpayers with late tax forms: they still must pay an estimate of what they owe by april , even if the full return comes later.   an faq would have been helpful to troubleshoot our issues.   angela charlton contributed to this report.   angela konarzewski head of fleetdown primary school in lunedale road, dartford, made the shocking announcement in a newsletter, after staff and governors became frustrated with the amount of children taking time off.   angelica’s unquenched desire for her brother-in-law has become her destiny.   angiuli initially played around with "back of the bay," telling reporters, "it's a play on words from 'meet me at the back of bay (street).'   angola ranked st out of countries in the transparency international corruption index.   angry&ampconfused;! pts the real question here is why was an year old allowed outside?   angry animal lovers have taken to social media, and the land owner is now suing in an effort to evict the man.   a nice-nantes match in france's first football division was called off after the pitch became a quagmire.   a nice option for those looking for some international flavor, the corner courtyard sits in a -year-old bungalow with quirky interiors.   an identity vacuum is created, which will not be tolerated in nature.   animals are killed by a single cut to the throat in a prescribed way from a special surgically sharp knife that is regularly inspected.   animation cartoon characters or horror movie heros can be put edited into the image.   an important outcome of the conference was the establishment of a committee responsible for the upcoming round of negotiations with the government in damascus.   an impressive ciara, jason derulo and tinashe paid tribute to the -year-old veteran by mimicking her signature dance moves.   an improperly designed one might solve the perceived problem, but could incur liability on the part of the homeowners or the county.   an increase in value-added tax on basic foodstuffs and certain services was a key demand of greece's creditors, and was approved by the greek government last week after heated debate.   “an increasing amount of their traffic is coming from mobile devices and even if they are late, it’s still an important thing to do.”   an independent watchdog monitors cse, but the watchdog's powers are limited.   an individual can become more creative with the right time and effort.   an indolent me might actually have to accept that action was necessary to make real change happen.   an industrial, metallic smell singed the air.   an informational meeting on forming an optimist club in bailey will be held on tuesday, feb. at : p.m. at the bailey town hall.   an initial estimate from the department of education, culture and employment said retrieving and copying those files would cost cbc $,.   an initial investigation has found that he had what appeared to be defensive wounds on his arms, nbc news reports, but an exact cause of death is unknown.   an international humanitarian group in late july said it had begun investigating claims that "mafia gangs" or "special commandos of the greek coastguard" were involved in such attacks, notably in the area of the island of lesbos.   an investigation by the bureau and nia revealed that the woman did not break any taiwanese law, chen said, adding that the bureau has no further information as to why the woman was denied entry into the us.   an investigation has been opened to establish whether the resort was negligent.   an investigation is ongoing.   an investigation was launched which resulted in him being charged.   an israeli soldier was stabbed to death on a tel aviv street, with another killed at a west bank hitchhiking post.   an issue existed in the install logic for universal provisioning profile apps on the apple watch wearable, which in turn created a collision to occur with existing bundle ids.   ankara had said the deployment was routine and necessary to protect the trainers, while baghdad said it was unauthorised and protested to the united nations security council.   anna fenninger of austria was runner-up for a seventh time this season, . back.   anna-liese king, , says she and her teammates have been working hard all summer doing dry land training.   "anna put a lot of pressure on me.   anna wintour lifted her kardashian ban and let kim attend the met with baby-daddy kanye west.   anne is determined that she and her brother colin will not have "that same kind of guilt that mum and dad had".   anne-marie messier, director of the community clinic centre de santé des femmes, said doctors who perform abortions will have to spend more time doing other duties in hospitals if bill is put into law.   annette from ohio wants to know if i really want to abolish medicare as was reported in a washington politician tabloid.   announcing the far-reaching politburo decisions, zanu pf secretary for information and publicity, simon khaya moyo said mutasa and mliswa were fired for indiscipline.   an odor led them downstairs, where they found the barely coherent man and the dead woman.   an official at the hospital to where the casualties were brought, ibrahim garba, said the emergency ward was treating people for blast wounds.   an official from the ministry of the interior said the possibility “of safeguarding border crossings with physical obstacles” cannot be excluded if the flow of refugees and migrants escalates.   an official on duty from the tianyang county government in the guangxi region confirmed the thursday evening incident.   a non-negotiable prerequisite for any serious presidential candidate is the solemn belief that an undead jesus crawled out of a tomb and was sucked up into heaven, where he continues to monitor us from on high.   anonymous said it had nothing to do with that list.   an ophthalmologist and father of three, paul won election to the senate in after defeating a candidate preferred by washington republicans in the gop primary.   an oscar curse? photos helen hunt won an oscar for 's "as good as it gets" (here with jack nicholson), but her record since is sparse, from a small part in "cast away" to "dr.   an oshawa man was arrested after allegedly threatening to kill police officers in several facebook posts.   a: "not directly.   a note to users about commenting changes clarkston marijuana ban should the city ordinance be lifted?   a note to users about commenting changes does the mass shooting in california make you more likely to arm yourself?   another act of terrorism for muslims to condemn.   another amendment would block the department from providing new services - including those in murray's bill - until existing ones are delivered adequately.   another boy who was swept away, christian heningburg, told police he was inside a waterproof sleeping bag and didn’t feel the water until another camper woke him up.   another carer was banging on the glass but could get no response from joan.   another chase took place along the tranquil bike path down on the banks of the tiber river.   another coach stated that the majority of travel teams that play at the highest level never practice together.   another contributing factor is the very complex human terrain in the province.   another copy kid would pick up the latest list for each edition.   another could be that overall crime is lowering in yakima, and drug use is a part of that.   another court last week banned restarts of two reactors in western japan.   another cover: metallica's "enter sandman" sounds even cooler played backward.   another daughter, riletta williams, was second in line, but she died last september.   another douglas county school, reedsport, will also deal with the challenge -- the high school's mascot is the braves.   another event, the confederation hill music festival, featuring rod stewart was recently announced for st. john's — which falls on the same date as the salmon festival.   another example -- and a case in point that the size of the humanitarian disaster matters little to our ability to not comprehend, to suppress, downplay and so on -- has to be the holocaust as it was happening.   another example, involving the sounds in "cot" and "caught," appears to have started in pennsylvania before spreading.   another expat, nicolas duchastel de montrouge, is running against harper in his calgary riding to highlight what he considers absurd rules that prevent him from voting, but not from running as a candidate.   another eyewitness told reuters that basij on motorbikes made their presence felt in the affluent vanak square in north tehran to show dissatisfaction with street jubilations.   another factor may be that people with non-aca plans are less aware that those preventive services are free, said kharraz, whereas people with a new plan are aware and take advantage of it.   "another front will get unusually far south for this time of the year over the weekend," said strait.   another gop candidate, former florida gov. jeb bush, said that obama was guilty of treating the campaign against isis like a "law enforcement" program.   another group of clips focused on sports-related skits.   another huge advantage of dropbox is i get automatic versioning.   another inmate overdosed the day before: report it includes other allegations, including that the jail was overcrowded, that supervision was inadequate, that there weren't enough guards and there weren't enough searches.   another legal matter for which williams had a caution for doctors was in the area of doctors who are called to court to give evidence for or against their colleague doctors.   another man reportedly suffered a head injury in the incident.   another man was arrested near the border with cambodia.   another motivating factor in the decision to separate the china division was a series of health scares.   another north london striker on a hot streak is harry kane.   another of the corruption suspects, wang, wanted by china for alleged accounting fraud, operates a small mushroom farm in the canadian town of chilliwack.   another one of emanuel's critics, ald.   another option: a device that automatically measures blood pressure every to minutes during the day and every to minutes at night.   another passenger on board told katu she will be filing a complaint with american airlines, disappointed in the way the flight crew treated fough.   another police officer was shot during a traffic stop on jan. . on dec. , an albuquerque police officer accidentally shot a bystander when his weapon discharged as he climbed through a window during a burglary investigation.   another problem is getting to and from the airport; laguardia needs to be more accessible to manhattan by mass transit, as in trains and ferry boats.   another reason for bond investors to be relieved?   another said he knew a police lieutenant in aurora, where the shooting happened.   another shortcoming is that i don't have the intellect or the depth or the natural gift.   another stolen painting, called morning at peggy's cove by william e. degarthe, measuring cm x cm.   another study presented at sleep supported the findings that sleep disturbances may, at least in part, be the cause of some adhd symptoms.   another survivor, theresa cede, told the bbc: "one guy was badly hurt, and moaning, so we tried to say: 'shh, be quiet, stay alive and don't move,' because every time there was movement somewhere, there were more gunshots."   another vampire adaptation, "cirque de freak: the vampire's assistant," didn't inspire the same viewership, although l.j. smith's "the vampire diaries" has found success on the small screen.   another vessel reported that the boat had run hard aground.   another was for the force to review the use of ad hoc "scribble pads" by service advisors and "provide definitive guidance on their use, issue and proportionate supervision".   another water main break.   an overall increase in registration of trials is positive, he said.   an owl flew into a patrol car and attacked a louisiana officer the encounter caused the officer to lose control of his vehicle (cnn)one unsuspecting louisiana police officer was in for a hoot on christmas eve.   antares has significantly contributed to the publication of the book.   anthem, which is the country's second-biggest insurer, told individuals that they should not click on any links in suspicious emails as well as to not open attachments or reply to the emails.   anthony sadler sadler, a college senior, was on his first trip to europe when terror struck.   anti-austerity party syriza won greece’s elections on sunday last week, sparking fears that the country could end up exiting the eurozone.   "antibodies that normally help to defend us against viruses or bacteria can obviously under certain circumstances turn against their own body and attack nerve cells.   antioxidants can also help to reduce blood clots and lower blood pressure and decrease inflammation, according to the american heart association.   anti-spam legislation means headaches for small businesses report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   ant-man will be out july th.   antonacci is a singing actress of the first order, as she also proved here a few day earlier in the role of cassandra in berlioz’s les troyens.   antonio lopez-isturiz, the group's general secretary, said that migration and britain's threat to leave would be discussed "with whatever time we have left" after dealing with greece.   an ultimate decision will be made and announced by the year’s end, she stated.   "a number of people on my facebook saw it and they thought it was a great idea.   a number of surveys and studies point to increased health and safety of new zealand sex workers since .   an unrelated problem with the same component led to an astronaut's near-drowning in .   an unusual snapshot of china's urbanization belgian drivers frederic goblet and denis de wagheneire drove a bmw from beijing to shanghai.   an unwillingness to pony up money for music was quickly apparent on social media as many people on twitter lampooned the line of wealthy celebrities for seeming to conflate a subscription to tidal with a moral imperative.   a nurse in washington state has filed a lawsuit after becoming ill last week from chipotle.   a nursery is provided.   a nurse who tried to stop a patient attack was injured so seriously that her recovery took more than two years.   "a nutritional survey will be done at the end of october.   anxieties about the strength of the global economy and an impending us federal reserve rate increase rose to the fore again, wiping out yesterday’s optimism triggered by european central bank comments.   any accounting records were not affected," he said.   "anybody that would do an ad like that is stupid, to be honest.   "anybody who thinks we're going to go to pluto and find cold, dead rock is in for a rude awakening," said bill mckinnon, a co-investigator for the new horizons mission.   any dissemination, complete or partial, of the texts and images, or dissemination in any form of our information is subject to reference to the site of the western information agency corporation - www.zik.ua.   "any game, there's always something i'm looking for to see what i did wrong or what i didn't do well enough.   "any guest who feels she or he was overcharged for an item should bring their receipt to the guest service desk, where any pricing inaccuracies will be resolved," lapiska said.   any guest will be free also.   any motive that i can think of are really dark.”   "anyone can do it", kepnes says, and "the book lays out the planning of a trip from start to finish in an easy-to-follow format."   anyone can take part, and we’ll showcase the results across twitter and in postmedia papers each saturday.   anyone heading out to the opening weekend of college football from the ohio valley to the east coast shouldn't have to worry about any weather-related delays.   "anyone in politics who poses as hitler is either a total idiot or a nazi," vice chancellor sigmar gabriel told bild, taking the opportunity to reiterate the government's call for people to stay away from pegida's weekly demonstrations in dresden.   any one of the thousands they stop could be a terrorist.   anyone over the age of will be able to purchase marijuana at a dispensary starting oct. . the oregon health authority now has a little more than two months to set in place the rules and regulations the dispensaries will have to follow.   "anyone resident in the uk for more than of the past years will now pay full british taxes on all worldwide income and gains."   anyone spotting the whale should contact authorities but don't get near it, wallerstein said.   anyone who doesn't have a positive role model can read about historical figures (e.   "anyone who is not protected against measles is at risk of getting infected when they travel internationally," the cdc says.   anyone who's already applied won't have to reapply to be considered.   "anyone who tries to cause trouble will be dealt with," kikwete said at a ccm rally on saturday.   anyone who was smart enough to get in at the ipo in and hold the stock until today are sitting on a gain of around ,%!   anyone with information about lisi's whereabouts is asked to call new york state police at () - .   anyone with information about the shooting is urged to call the seattle police at () -.   anyone with information as to a possible identification is asked to contact patrolman robert vojtko at vojtko@twp.   anyone with information is asked to call bellevue police.   anyone with information on her location is asked to call local law enforcement or the marion police department at () -() -.   anyone with information regarding the case is asked to call detective jim moore at () - or bpd at () -.   any open door, get through fast because it may shut and block your way forever.   "any pregnancy of a woman over age has to be considered a high-risk pregnancy; over this is naturally extreme," said dr. holger stepan, head of obstetrics at the university of leipzig.   any small issue easily throws a monkey wrench in the refining process, kloza said.   any talks should feature "practical and frank discussions on all issues of mutual concern", he said.   anything can happen."   "anything from a millimetre of rain is going to dampen the fine fuels, the grasses, enough so that the fires will slow down quite a bit," says olsen.   anything to make coach class feel less like a sardine can.   "anytime i get to come home and work, it is special for me," sasso said during a cbc promotional event in may.   "anytime you lose him for any amount of time it's not good," indians manager terry francona said after the indians lost - to detroit, which completed a three-game sweep.   anyway, it's going to be money that has to be spent and i prefer to do it the way to establish good business relationships again and have good contacts and make it work.   any why on earth would the nfl not check them out if they suspected something in november but not do anything about until after the afc title game?   anz economists attributed the slump in imports this year to lower commodity prices and the "exchange rate effect", suggesting the impact of a stronger chinese yuan.   aol chief executive officer tim armstrong will continue to lead aol’s operations after the deal is completed, the companies yesterday said in a statement.   a one-woman committee for change in the galaxy, leia also lands han solo and turns out to be force-sensitive.   ap: and there will be visual art and film, too?   a panel of the nd u.s. circuit court of appeals found last week that congress hadn't actually given the nsa approval to indiscriminately collect the records of all telephone calls by millions of americans not suspected of any crime.   a pan-european protest is set to take place in brussels next monday as eu agriculture ministers convene.   a parade of the worker-peasant red guards takes place at kim il-sung square in pyongyang, on septemb … kim cancelled his attendance just days before the parade, citing "internal north korea issues".   a parallel crackdown is targeting morsi supporters, with thousands from his muslim brotherhood group imprisoned or facing trial.   ap: are you going to split the recording between nashville and los angeles?   a paris police statement on tuesday said that there have also been police raids, and six firearms have been seized since a state of emergency was declared on saturday.   apart from anything else, tourists could make do with tiny remnant rainforests, little more than i'm a celebrity jungle theme parks.   "apart from 'do we want to ensure we haven't recruited somebody who might have some sort of mental disorder,' there's also a very good reason in a day-to-day way.   apart from leaving check-in counters eerily empty at airports, the strike action has triggered a flurry of international reaction on social media.   apart from the government issues, which are huge and not my specialty, taiwan is a lot weirder, healthy, vegetarian (like me), more environmentally cautious — and as a scientist that suits me.   a partisan breakdown showed that republicans were much more supportive of sending u.s. troops to fight isis ( percent), and democrats were twice as confident as republicans that the u.s. is doing enough to prevent an attack on the homeland.   a partnership spokeswoman, however, said full planes do not necessarily indicate a route's profitability because airlines discount seats and let frequent fliers travel free.   a partnership with bellevue was a natural next step, said wsu president elson floyd, because it’s the state’s largest community college and the one that offers the most four-year, career-oriented baccalaureate degrees.   "a part of a plane is not the same as the body, so i think true closure can only come for sure when you can say goodbye properly," bajc told today on thursday.   a part of improving walkability includes connecting the retail destination to the metro system.   "a part of me wished i could live up to the image that my new relatives imagined for me: a corporate lawyer, an american businessman, my hand poised on the spigot, ready to rain down like manna the largess of the western world," a young obama wrote.   ap business writers kelvin chan in hong kong and matt craft in new york contributed to this story.   ap business writers steve rothwell and bernard condon contributed to this story from new york.   ap business writer youkyung lee in seoul, south korea, contributed to this report.   ap correspondent angela charlton in paris contributed to this report.   ap correspondents lori hinnant in paris and john-thor dahlberg in brussels, belgium contributed to this report.   a peak of more than , was reached in .   "a person shouldn't be punished for doing something that somebody else somehow threatened him to do, cajoled him into doing, bribed him into doing."   a person with direct knowledge of the deal confirmed the figure and said it is "on par with what other carriers are paying."   a petition that promoted the name change received over , signatures.   a phoenix burns at the end of its life and rises again from the ashes to create a new one.   a photograph immortalized the moment -- a black, middle-aged woman beaten unconscious by white state troopers in a civil rights march that became known as bloody sunday.   a photography exhibition currently on display at the foreign correspondent's club in hong kong aims to expose the extent of that suffering.   a photo posted by kim kardashian west (@kimkardashian) on sep , at :pm pdt so dark.   a photo posted by washington capitals (@washingtoncaps) on dec , at :am pst corey crawford - chicago blackhawks corey crawford's winter classic mask!   a pioneer of glam rock, bowie has long pursued interests in art and theatre and, at age , has recently announced a series of new projects.   a police official who declined to be identified said police commandos and forensic experts from the capital, kuala lumpur, were at the site but it was not clear how many graves and bodies had been found.   a police spokesman in kampala said the lawyer, joan kagezi, appeared to have been attacked by two men who had followed her car on a motorcycle as she drove home in kiwatule, a suburb about kilometers from the center of kampala.   a police station has been installed in neighboring clichy-sous-bois — where the riots got started.   apollo was also looking into possibly acquiring hospitals in assam and karnataka states, he added.   a poll released thursday by quinnipiac university found that trump is even leading the gop contest in bush's home state of florida, beating the former governor % to % there.   a portion of the sales proceeds will be donated to the dover church for community outreach efforts.   apparently having given up on taking the high road, trump unleashed no more mr. nice guy during a -minute rant in iowa, spending an entire nine minutes unmercifully ripping into carson.   "apparently, it is slightly harder to get asylum from sweden.   apparently there was no dye pack in the money.   apparently these words didn't apply to the bnd.   apparently the teen flipped over his handlebars and landed on his head.   “apparently, the u.s. government … is considering adding new individuals and institutions to the list of its previous oppressive sanctions,” rouhani said in the letter.   appeared as a hologram the wheelchair-bound scientist, who was diagnosed with motor neuron disease at the age of , appeared at the talk in the form of a hologram streamed from cambridge, england.   appearing in both film and tv also gives an actor the ability to show multiple facets to the academy of motion picture arts and sciences largest branch, actors.   apple (aapl, tech) and at&t (t, tech) filed a motion with the court earlier this month saying that radioshack should not be able to sell data on customers who bought at&t wireless or apple products at the chain.   apple began looking for store managers for tianjin and shenyang in june last year.   apple closed about . percent lower, after plunging more than percent in the open.   apple currently sells its products in the physical stores of two authorized premium resellers, which have a total of outlets across the city-state, and its online store.   apple first introduced wireless carplay support with ios ., but there aren't any vehicles or head units that yet support it.   “apple had virtually double the sales of samsung, and five times that of lg. no other brand accounted for as much as % of us sales.   apple has a new news app, different from its oft ignored newsstand app.   apple has framed the new apple tv and its tvos platform as "the future of television."   apple has largely defined the modern electronics-shopping experience, but some say the novelty has worn off.   apple has not yet responded to a request for comment.   apple is expected to announce the new iphone s family during a special media event in early september, and the new phones should be released soon after that.   "apple is one of our largest partners and vice versa," he said.   apple said it would replace the phone free of charge if the isight camera takes blurry photos and falls into a particular serial number range.   apple shares closed . percent higher at $. on tuesday.   apple's much-rumored big-screen ipad won't be landing in consumers' hands anytime soon, according to a new report.   apple stock could be worth $ if everything goes right.   apple stock's incredible rise: the company, maker of the enormously popular iphone, is set to hold an event next monday in which it is widely expected to give more details about its new apple watch.   apple tipped to use imessage for future paypal killer feature an app iphone users were dying for was finally released on thursday..   apple traded about . percent lower, while the ishares nasdaq biotechnology etf (ibb) traded more than percent lower.   apple watch apps will all be running off of iphone apps, so they may just exist inside of itunes as they do today.   application launcher: it is useful and more efficient to launch apps from the edge panel while using other apps.   applications in the apple carplay and android auto platforms can be controlled by voice, steering wheel controls and touchscreen, and will offer third-party audio apps, including iheartradio and spotify.   appropriability at work to understand how appropriability works, let’s use one of lazonick’s own examples.   approximately , workers have gone without contracts for months, gawronsky said, adding it's time for action.   a presentation regarding proposed amendments to the cedar hill code of ordinances involving public utilities relating to water and sewer services and operations passed.   a previous progress supply ship crashed in siberia shortly after launch in .   april th marks the th anniversary of the communist khmer rouge taking control of the country in its quest to become an agrarian society.   april , - the cdc issues a health alert for travelers in toronto. april , - travel warnings and advisories for shangxi province, beijing and toronto have been increased and those for hong kong and guangdong province have been extended.   april , - announces his run for the democratic presidential nomination in an email to supporters and media.   april , - the championship game takes place at at&t stadium in arlington, texas.   a primer, from the chicago sun-times: charles murphy (): owner of the franchise’s last title team, whose own players refused to dine with him after he jacked up the price of world series tickets.   a print by british painter david hockney hung center in bacall's living room.   a prior arrangement existed between the two companies from to , but twitter chose not to renew it.   a private autopsy on hunt showed he was shot six times, with no bullets entering his body from the front.   a: probably not, but that has not changed.   "'a prophet' is maybe the point at which i began to feel uncomfortable with the french casting system," said the dapper, trilby-wearing director, sitting nine stories above cannes' bustling waterfront boulevard, the croisette.   a prosecution would also be precluded by law because district of columbia courts before did not allow homicide cases to be brought if the victim died more than a year and a day after the injury.   a provision of iowa law allows for a warrant to remain under seal under special circumstances until an arrest is made and prevents any official with knowledge of the case from speaking publicly about it.   apsey was the interim athletic director at boise state for four months beginning in before mark coyle was hired.   ap's pyongyang bureau chief eric talmadge contributed to this report from tokyo.   a psychiatrist called in his defense at his trial two years ago said he had "affluenza" and was so spoiled he did not know the difference between right and wrong.   a public holiday called victory in europe day - or simply ve day - was declared on may .   a purported omani proposal circulated by yemeni government officials this week was drafted along those lines, also stipulating that hadi and his government be allowed to resume their position.   ap writers jill colvin in trenton, n.j., thomas beaumont in des moines, iowa, brian bakst in st. paul, minn., and kathleen ronayne in concord, n.h., contributed to this report.   ap: you say you see analogies between slavery and the current immigration debate.   a quaint rite: harvesting broadcast's fall crop of new shows by frazier moore hours ago new york (ap) — it's an exciting new fall season ahead on broadcast tv.   a question of identity along with lasnamäe, another struggling russian-dominated neighborhood in tallinn, the narva region is where etv+ hopes to win viewers.   a quick reminder of what triceratops is: in the classic sandbox battle between toy dinosaurs, it fights the tall giant-jawed tyrannosaurus rex.   arab allies also feel threatened by iran's rising influence and worry the nuclear pact taking shape with the u.s., iran and other nations may embolden tehran to intrude more aggressively in countries of the region.   'a race to the bottom' another bright spot is marc benioff, the ceo of salesforce, based in san francisco.   arafat, who signed the oslo interim peace accord with israel but led an uprising after subsequent talks broke down in , died aged in a french hospital in .   a rainy, cold day was predicted for may's end, but the crowd erupted into cheers and laughter as sunshine broke through a grey sky which had loomed over the county all day.   a raqqa-based collective of anti-is activists known as "raqqa is being slaughtered silently" said the planes targeted multiple is positions and headquarters in the western and eastern countryside of raqqa, sending up columns of smoke.   a rare phenomenon, thunder snow can happen where air is unstable and the layer close to the ground is warmer than those above, but still cold enough to create snow.   a rate hike "will be a testament.   arcelormittal will compete because it has stronger exposure to the high value-added segments such as automotives and appliances, mittal said.   archbishop kaigama said facing down boko haram required international support and unity of the type that had been shown after last week's militant attacks in france.   archdiocese of chicago: under percent of the archdiocese's $. billion portfolio was invested in fossil fuels in , according to a spokeswoman.   archer won his first three starts against the jays this season with a . earned-run average.   arctic cod are difficult to study because they spend so much time under sea ice.   ardian arifaj, an adviser to kosovo foreign minister hashim thaci, said kerry’s visit would provide a “push for domestic politics to continue our work” and showed “we are clearly on the right track.”   a reading over signals expansion in economic activity.   a realignment of greece's pro-europe centrist parties into a broader, disciplined and effective opposition is also long overdue.   a really big battery the snohomish county pud dedicated its first battery system thursday designed to store power from wind or solar generation for later use during high demand.   a recent billboard article delved deeper into the financial side of that deal, and it turns out that—in swift math—she'll be getting "mere pocket change."   a recent poll reflected that % of those surveyed found the republican congress dysfunctional.   a recent report by the reconciliation commission was described as inadequate by the international league of human rights.   a record of the european central bank's landmark january meeting, when it launched a massive stimulus program, has shown that some governing council members disagreed with the move's timing but none with its legitimacy.   a recreation hour is allowed in an outdoor cage slightly larger than the prison cells.   a reference point is ranong, where ingredients like wasp larvae and seaweed, and dishes like octopus soup, can surprise visitors.   a reminder of how amazing it all really is.   a renewed drop in the rouble - it has fallen percent against the dollar since the beginning of july and is trading near a new six-month low - is set to prompt more price hikes and further erode sales.   aren't they entitled to a small portion of the judgment that took years to come about?'   are paintings the new flowers?   are people pointing that out online?   a report by ghana's adolescent health and development program said that the number of unsafe abortions in was over ,.   a report by mps from the same year said many primary subject leaders in re lacked sufficient experience and expertise to fulfil the role.   a report from a chicago radio station sunday morning said buehrle would retire after pitching on the final day of the regular season.   a report issued by the island county sheriff in june said farris was found dead in his jail on april , and that jail staff had failed to check on his well-being the previous day.   a report on wednesday morning by channel one, russia’s most popular tv broadcaster, showed a perfectly sterile war: military jets taking off the tarmac, technicians in neat uniforms servicing the planes, and heavy clouds of smoke above successful strikes.   a report says germany is exporting coal technologies to countries where renewable energy sources are abundant.   a report today showed orders for business equipment unexpectedly declined in september as tepid global markets gave american companies little reason to expand.   a republican committee aide told reuters that the panel has been talking to a number of pharmaceutical companies as part of the probe, but republicans have not yet decided which they will summon to testify.   a republican congressional aide says the irony that the current fight is keeping holder around much longer than gop lawmakers want has come up in meetings among republican senators.   a responding officer found the man down in the middle of baseline street.   a response team, he said, can sit back and watch what hackers copy and respond before damage is done.   are there even drones spying on this area?   are there features that would be interesting or useful?   are train travellers without the right ticket treated fairly?   a review by baltimore's police union released on wednesday criticized the police response.   a review of records suggests providers over-billed on hours and billed for services not given.   are we trying to get a feeling of an ai companion following you around?   are you an addict under new guidelines? : there is still so much we don't know about blackouts.   are you emotionally prepared to handle retirement?   are you excited for new music from janet jackson?   are you in favour of council proposals to finally address the problem or are you worried about their visual impact?   "are you looking for me?   are you sure that you've gotten it right all the time?   "are you working now" job surveys are also conducted by phone, so not not the most reliable way to contact the unemployed.   argentina, led by lionel messi, were to meet paraguay in the other semi-final match yesterday.   argentina's nicolas sanchez kicks a penalty during the rugby world cup quarterfinal match betwee … "juan is a hero in the team, he's a great leader for us," sanchez said.   argentinian designer, art director, and artist martin de pasquale creates surreal images that will beguile your brain.   argos recommends registering for an online account ahead of the big day and advises that am-am is the quietest and thus optimum time to snap up deals and beat the cyber rush.   arguments for and against colonialism have given rise to many kinds of reconsideration and interpretation of history.   ariana grande had her signature high ponytail in place, wearing a white and silver, one-shoulder versace with a cut out back — big sean by her side.   arias and alexander began a long-distance relationship soon after meeting at a conference in las vegas.   ariella neckritz, co-president of students against sexual assault, said because of the work she does with survivors on campus, she was “not at all surprised” by the statistic that percent of undergraduates had perpetrated unwanted sexual behavior.   a rise in acute hepatitis c, which nearly tripled in washington between and , is due to "most likely the needle sharing aspect of needle drug use," hurst said.   a risk that results in a gruesome death (i.   a rival gang member was convicted.   arizona is third at consecutive polls.   arizona state (-) had more turnovers () than field goals ().   arlene and bud enjoyed spending many winters in brooksville, fl with friends.   "armed forces have been ordered to start patrols throughout greece, and particularly in mountainous regions," he said.   armed with new social security numbers, many of these immigrants who were living in the u.s. illegally will now be able to claim up to four years' worth of tax credits designed to benefit the working poor.   armenia and by armenia i also mean nagorno-karabakh as its inseparable part, is one of the most armed zones on the earth.   army units fought their way to kuwairis airbase, east of aleppo, and eliminated large numbers of islamic state (is) militants, reports said.   army wife ashley broadway-mack the hacker managed to post other threatening messages, propaganda videos and some military documents until the accounts were disabled.   a roster with insufficient talent remains.   around , people have been deported from germany in this year alone. , more have left voluntarily with german government support.   around million vehicles worldwide are thought to have been affected.   around people, many from islamic immigrant backgrounds, have traveled to the middle east from austria to join islamist militant groups, the government says.   around billion people will have online access by the end of , the international telecommunications union (itu) has said.   around million children receiving food stamps lived with married parents.   around p.m. saturday, a hunting guide alerted authorities kyle and littlefield's bodies had been discovered "lying on the ground, covered in blood," according to routh's arrest warrant, which was posted on cnn affiliate wfaa's website.   around percent of american adults own smartphones, up percent in just four years, the research released wednesday said.   around me are my offspring.   around this time every december i get asked the same question by family and friends.   arquette, on the other hand, also has a -year-old son named charlie, who he had with second wife christina mclarty. m. - in june , fans were devastated to learn that one of hollywood’s most beloved couples was splitting up.   arrangements are by boxwell brothers of spearman.   arriving there, they found a severely mangled car and a damaged king county metro bus.   arron afflalo (sore left hamstring) did not practice.   art fisher strikes up the band with popular favorites art fisher played lead guitar for the challengers, a popular s-era surf band that recorded several popular albums.   article ii of the constitution vests that power exclusively with the president.   articles our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases.   artificially inflating it negates the concept of capitalism your th grade article you screen capped suggests.   "artist's way" author julia cameron writes prayers out for each step of flight: the takeoff, the turbulence and the landing.   art + rock: city paper is having a concert tonight!   arts-a-glow lantern festival sat lantern making, artist installations, food trucks, music, lantern procession at dusk, - p.m. saturday, dottie harper park, fourth avenue southwest and southwest th street, burien (-- or burienwa.   arturo vidal, douglas costa, and kingsley coman were signed to help him win the champions league, following the arrivals of robert lewandowski, xabi alonso and juan bernat the previous year, and mario goetze and thiago alcantara the year before that.   a russian official says families have identified the bodies of victims killed in the disaster.   as wraps up, most investors agree there may be a bubble in late-stage funding—the kind of investments that turn promising young startups into so-called unicorns just months after they’re launched.   as a wbenc star, marcucci will also be featured throughout the year, for example on a special page of the wbenc website, along with the other honorees.   as a congressman, he said he was focused on building homes for the homeless in his southern home province of sarangani.   as a consequence of his brain being deprived of oxygen for minutes, the man developed myoclonic jerks, which are sudden muscle twitches.   as a consequence, there has never been a more appropriate time to tell our kids: "you really need to get out more!"   as a cord-cutter, i'd love to watch local games from time to time, and i'd even be willing to pay for them.   as a firefighter, his health insurance plan only paid the equivalent of $ a day for psychological therapy, but the program he needed cost $ a day.   as a guideline, most restaurants and food service establishments aim for rent to be around % of annual sales and food cost shouldn't exceed %.   as aircraft get priority over automobiles in the vehicular pecking order, the road is closed every time a plane takes off or arrives.   "as a lifelong cowboys fan, it's hard to pass up attending a playoff game when you've been dubbed the team's mojo," christie spokesman michael drewniak said.   as a londoner, i am very proud of our booming city and have many positive things to say about it but there are also things i am not so proud about in regards to our lovely capital.   as always, a diagnosis of infection with an avian influenza virus should be considered in individuals who develop severe acute respiratory symptoms while travelling or soon after returning from an area where avian influenza is a concern.   as a member of the national marrow donor program (nmdp) the hospital also offers a stem cell transplant and cell therapy program that provides a full spectrum of transplantation services and advanced treatment options for hematologic cancers.   as a midnight target for a deal approached, diplomats said the nuts and bolts of the written nuclear accord had been settled days ago.   as an ambassador for a modern, sophisticated germany, he made state visits.   as an atheist, i don’t believe for a moment the church should be protected from this kind of criticism.   as anderson moved clothes from the washer to the dryer ellia intervened.   as an environmental gerontologist and social geographer, i have long argued that it is easier, less costly, and more beneficial and enjoyable to grow old in some places than others.   as a network member, aurora will participate in avia's innovation cohorts, collaborating with other health systems on pressing topics, such as patient access, chronic/complex care management, and post-acute care.   as an example, let's say warby parker decided to partner with levi's.   a san francisco jury in march rejected former junior partner ellen pao's claim that the firm sexually discriminated against her in .   as an orphaned kid, adonis johnson (alex henderson) gets busted for fistfights in a los angeles juvenile detention center almost daily.   as a participant in the project, she focused a lot on the everyday struggles of families in the camp.   as a photojournalist, rudi meisel traveled extensively through both germanys and captured what he saw.   "as a precaution the uk's am aircraft are temporarily paused," the ministry of defence said in a statement.   as a professional civil engineer specializing in stormwater design, i have designed and reviewed hundreds of stormwater projects.   as a result, after each shutdown, each train has to be manually restarted — a process which takes several hours.   as a result, a handful of patients without access to televisions, dvds, phones and the internet are enjoying such things.   as a result, kuwata told me, "we do not have a very reliable inventory" of the country's peatland fire data.   as a result, leadership from the world's advanced industrial countries--those will the largest carbon footprints -- is indispensable.   as a result of its esteemed workplace culture, laguardia plaza hotel is staffed with a revered hospitality team, offering guests with unparalleled customer service and satisfaction.   as a result, revenue per seat in the three-month period would be down by percent.   as a result, the detective in charge of the case got on another ship - a quicker one - and arrested the couple in quebec."   as a result, the notebook can deliver up to . hours of battery life, according to hp.   as a result, the police deemed that the shop was improperly licensed under the entertainment business law since customers being entertained much like at a movie.   as a result the premium offered by u.s. -year paper over the german equivalent yawned to basis points, the widest since .   as a result, the proposal is being rewritten to include short skirts.   as a result, there have been a handful of protests outside government offices and transport facilities in the kathmandu valley since the earthquake.   as a result, they miss the forest for their specific tree.   as a result, we believe there is a "moderately high" likelihood of sufficient and timely extraordinary government support to meet rbl's financial obligations in the event of severe financial distress.   as a television commercial director, he has done award-winning global work for sony, nike and playstation and had work in the saatchi & saatchi new directors showcase at cannes.   as a train passes over a transponder, it switches the train's onboard radio to the proper channel and helps the train receive the appropriate information about speed restrictions and routes, according to amtrak.   as author of a number of books about entrepreneurship, i am often asked by the media about how to create more jobs.   as a young lady who values hard work, education, opportunity and chivalrous boys all at the same time, i immediately felt a nerve strike, prompting me to start off the debate.   as a young man, that was a hard number for todd to digest.   as benjamin franklin put it on the eve of the american revolution, "we must all hang together, or assuredly we shall all hang separately."   as ben knight reports, the event was largely peaceful, as refugees gathered a truck full of donated clothes.   as blue jays president, he takes over from paul beeston, , who leaves one year after his rumoured departure.   as brian fung writes, "we're seeing now with google and microsoft, some companies are concluding that it's much better to protect the privacy of their users than to adopt a maximalist view of free speech."   as carson has ascended in the polls over the last few months, he has also seen an uptick in his fox news appearances.   as children pull on baby blue jerseys, tighten up their laces, and skate across the hockey rinks set up on the frozen snye river, their parents cart around hot coffee and doughnuts or huddle inside a warming tent on the west side of the river.   as clashes erupted between various armed groups, including al-nusra front, almost a hundred people managed to escape.   as consumers demand food they understand, companies will have to continuously adapt.   ascot's flagship restaurant on rips up the traditional copybook of horse racing cuisine, stereotypically the domain of picnic hampers and burger vans.   "as decades have worn on and we face continued challenges with mental health and limitations of the existing paradigm and existing treatments, it is reemerging as an area of clinical interest," dr. evan wood told cbc on the coast's stephen quinn.   as democratic lawmakers gather at a retreat in baltimore to talk strategy, their party faces diminished powers in congress, and they see gop dominance in many states.   a search of "huba" on china's e-commerce site taobao returned more than , results, including human-sized hubas, huba-shaped piggy banks, and a voice-recording huba that also lights up.   a search warrant was obtained and woolsgrove’s house was searched.   as early as chuck berry covers to their recent th anniversary reunion tour, these wild horses can't seem to be brought down, not even after getting ridiculed for dancing in the streets with david bowie.   as eater reports, the new place will debut october , if all goes well, and as reported earlier, the new sam wo will be at clay street (at kearny) in what was formerly anna bakery.   a second break-in if the allegations against muller are proven true, it may be that the temptation to try again simply became too great.   a second european title in three years was surely a formality.   a second knife attack also occurred near the damascus gate when a young palestinian man stabbed two israeli police officers, including one in the neck, after police checked his identification, israeli police spokeswoman luba samri said.   a second officer arrived, and conaty then rammed that patrol vehicle as well.   a second official said the patrol, which lasted a few hours, also included mischief reef.   a second video shows flores holding a knife.   a secular muslim is thus someone who not only believes in the separation of religion from the state, but also believes that such a separation is compatible with islam.   a self-proclaimed dj came into the market one day.   a senior aide said mrs clinton was well prepared and he expected her to do well.   a senior government official told reporters the government expected a ruling before the apec summit.   a senior u.s. official said shoigu told carter that russia's increased military activities are defensive in nature, and designed to honor moscow's commitments to the assad government.   a separate bill to raise california's legal smoking age to also was postponed when the author pulled it from the agenda saying he did not have enough votes for approval by the committee on governmental organization.   a separate law to address their status is equally controversial.   a separate report says the facility can support as many as five vehicle manufacturers, with honda and mercedes-benz (which has a large silicon valley presence) already signed on.   a series of elections have been delayed by weeks of unrest and violent clashes between police and protesters, plunging the nation into its worst crisis in a decade and alarming a region which has a history of ethnic killing.   a service to celebrate his life will be held at : p.m. saturday, june , in the paul helton chapel of forest lawn west funeral home with dr. george sherman, his pastor, and the rev. john thomas officiating.   as far as he knows he's the only swimmer who has taken on this challenge in recent memory.   as far as i know from the science, even if we cut emission levels to zero, the momentum of the gases already in the atmosphere will ensure that we would be seriously affected.   as far as i know it's not against the law to, you know, be related to someone who commits a crime.   “as far as we could observe from berlin, there has not been as much repression around the elections as previously,” german minister of foreign affairs frank-walter steinmeier said as he arrived for the meeting.   as farzetta put it, "if you heave, you leave."   as football coach gary pinkel said, "there's no playbook" for what happens next at mizzou.   as for academics, she said she wants to increase the ap and dual enrollment offerings at the school.   as for bullock, she's a jane jacobs-influenced lawyer who ends up working for grant's character.   as for demographics, although in-migration has come at a ferocious pace in recent years and contributed to the often cited younger population, alberta has led the country in that statistic for a considerable length of time.   as for mr. abadi, there's no reason to expect he would behave much differently than maliki if and when the war against is is won.   as for the .% interest rate, it is high, indeed.   as for the new securities, mentioned by jaresko, their release is response to creditors’ move to write off part of the public debt.   as for the shia, al-zarqawi adds: al-rafidha (the rejecters referring to the shia), (are) the challenging obstacle, the lurking snake, cunning scorpion, the malicious and creeping enemy and drenching poison.   as for today’s super bowl, curry sees the patriots prevailing - because they’ve been whacked around by the media the past two weeks.   as frustrating and heartbreaking as the storm's aftermath was, humanity shone through.   as gas prices drop, the amount these states can collect will also fall, especially if the drop in prices substantially outweighs the extra amount americans are willing to drive.   as gov. charlie baker posted a picture of sullivan on facebook alongside the words "terror comes home to massachusetts," springfield acknowledged the loss by lowering the american flag to half-staff outside city hall.   a sharp selloff in bonds could raise concerns that higher borrowing costs could hurt corporate profits and the economic recovery.   as head of the german olympic sports confederation you tried in vain to bring the games to munich.   “as he began to fire we just got up and ran straight to our hotel,” she said.   as he calculates all the angles that would influence his candidacy - a decision is reportedly coming within days - biden has more than the looming obstacle of front-runner hillary clinton to consider.   as he has for several weeks, bush hit trump for running a campaign based on "anger" and one that lacks policy specifics.   a sheriff has said the investigation into tamir's shooting is nearly complete.   as he said, none of this is comfortable: the dance, the job, the life.   as he struggled to cope with his son's death, ron davis had an emotional call with trayvon martin's father, who welcomed him to "a club that nobody wants to be a part of."   as he was being moved, hernandez displayed the same kind of swagger with which he strolled into court each day, the law enforcement source said.   "as he was leaving, she came to driver's door, held onto the door, the husband drives away, where she slips and falls, and the husband runs over her," he added.   as his body floats outside, audiences see the lifestyle that preceded his demise in the house: meeting by a group of young male hustlers sipping vodka tonics and witnessing the detritus of his party lifestyle.   as his football career has soared, winston has faced questions about his off-the-field behavior in college.   ashley donohue, , of rohnert park, was also killed.   ashley macleod she was awakened around a.m. by thunder and lightning, which she says shook her cornwall home.   ashley walton got out early to go to stores on black friday, but she left disappointed.   a short executive session was held with no action taken.   a short time later, she saw her father with a gun and saw that her mother had been shot, andrews said.   a short time later, the chiefs of the largest clans gave an oath of allegiance to emir abu bakr al-baghdadi.   a shoulder badge, a board on the tower house, a street sign - every detail matters.   ashton, a former infrastructure minister who did not take part in the revolt, has touted himself as the best person to reunite the divided party.   asia led skyscraper construction last year china led the world in skyscraper construction for the seventh year in a row, according to the report.   asian stocks closed mixed tuesday.   asian stocks mostly down on weak data, commodity prices by youkyung lee hours ago file - in this monday, aug. , , file photo, a pedestrian walks past the new york stock exchange.   aside from adding center tyler kennedy from san jose, the isles upgraded their backup goalie spot behind jaroslav halak by acquiring sabres starter michal neuvirth.   aside from candidate selection, it is crucial that the dpp puts the right people in the right places, wins over taiwan’s elite, puts forward a vision for the nation’s future and develops a coherent policy strategy.   aside from football, mara was an advocate of education and donated to various organizations, including convent of the sacred heart and inner city scholarship fund.   "aside maybe from tubby raymond's delaware blue hen wing-t offense, i feel pretty comfortable playing in any offense," manning said recently.   as i don't speak english, i didn't understand what they said."   as if this wasn't ambitious enough, gaia's remarkable near-billion pixel camera will simultaneously map the locations of thousands of asteroids, comets, planetary systems, supernovae and even distant galaxies.   a significant number of foreign tourists were inside the museum at the time of the attack, which government officials said was the work of "islamists."   as inc. magazine reported earlier this year, the queens-based chain opened its first manhattan location in chelsea in february inside the lobby of the headquarters of the foundling, a non-profit that provides foster care and adoption services.   as india tries to balance its economic growth with sustainable development, new delhi is keen to increase its use of nuclear power but the two sides are still some distance away from a nuclear deal.   “a single case of any passenger..   a single post on the wtvy facebook page left cathi's phone ringing off the hook with families wanting to take stormy under their care.   a single sunbeam that breaks through a thick cloud can also be called a messenger.   as in south america, priests and nuns in el salvador, guatemala, and honduras suspected of leftist sympathies were placed high on the target lists.   “as iran grows stronger, we will be weaker to respond.”   as i said before, there are no certainties in football.”   as is the case with new streaming services, the monthly cost and content library are sure to figure into effort's success.   as it happened, i was also reading a lot about taiwan, so i started wanting to use taiwanese materials as an engine to push forward the creative process.   as it happens, a monument to horthy stands on the steps of a church just off liberty square, and he is protected by a fence.   as it stands, though, it's a mostly great phone that stands up well to the rest of the pack, even if it doesn't live up to its potential.   as it turns out, penn state has two scholarships — “we think two,” lions coach james franklin said wednesday — remaining for the class.   as ivanovic headed in after five minutes and pedro doubled the lead on , the vocal support for mourinho was replaced with abusive chants directed at chelsea's men.   as i've developed as a runner i've moved on to more advanced workouts and monitoring capabilities, and my workouts might be designed around more complex metrics like average heart rate and stress scores.   as ivor bennett reports, it could have far reaching consequences for the country's precarious economy.   ask a hardcore star wars fanboy/girl about their hopes and fears for the force awakens, the film coming out in two weeks (have you heard?   asked about changing the lock on the community mail box, fitch said that's "part of the investigation and security assessment."   asked about extending his contract at old trafford, the dutchman told bbc sport that he intended to "give it up" at the end of his contract in .   "asked about meadows's gambit, republicans across the ideological spectrum reacted coolly wednesday -- none more so than speaker john a. boehner (r-ohio) himself, who dismissed the "motion to vacate the chair" in remarks to reporters."   asked about the black eye, curry said, "it makes me look tough."   asked by reporters what she would say to the strangers who had been moved to send these things, she beamed into a camera.   asked how he persuaded shell to boost cooperation at a time many western companies were curbing exposure to russia, miller said business was winning over politics.   asked if he would deliver on campaign promises even if the economic situation deteriorates, trudeau said he would be "open and transparent" with canadians about the state of the economy.   asked if she has a message for her missing daughter, rahma issues a desperate plea: "i beg her to come back to me.   asked on the bbc's marr show about the mps' group, called conservatives for britain, he said: "there was always going to be a group of our colleagues who wanted to come out of the european union, come what may."   asked on wednesday whether washington believed havana was holding to its pledge on the prisoner release, psaki told reporters: "we have not heard anything different from the cuban government, period."   asked sunday if people might take his use of "anti-american" to mean he supported restricting liberties, carson said, "i think anybody with normal intellect knows exactly what i'm saying."   asked what he chalks arrieta's run of form up to, the affable head coach didn't hesitate in his answer.   asked what his emotions were when he realized the opening opponent was ucla, brown quipped, "i thought i coached everybody."   asked what ties the couple had with the islamic state, which has said the pair were "followers", mccaul said that was unclear, and was a part of the investigation that was underway.   asked whether he ever dreamed of winning the nobel, he replied: "as really a dream maybe yes, but not a serious dream so far."   asked whether jwt tries to ensure its advertisements are not misused, the agency says: "as we all know, no-one controls the internet..   asked whether the vote could hold in the recaptured areas, minimah said that would be up to the electoral commission.   ask for anything more than that these days and you may end up having to let someone shit in your mouth, on top of paying $ a month.   as khan, the father in maryland, tucked his son in last week, he left him with the words he recited when he became a u.s. citizen two decades ago: "one nation, under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all."   ask rebels good questions to think through their ideas.   as kris van cleave reports from camden, n.j., the shotspotter technology is real and making a difference in a community with a long history of gun violence.   as late as sunday, wolfe didn't sound like a man who planned to leave his job, putting out a statement expressing a desire to have an "ongoing dialogue to address these very complex, societal issues."   "as law enforcement officers, we cannot and will not allow anyone to take our weapons," he said.   as leaders and seniors in the straw and craft industry, you have the power to influence.   a sleek and sexy michael kors gown is the quintessential minimalist dress.   a slew of factors were maintaining the downward pressure on prices, analysts said, pointing to concerns about the greek economy, high oil output from russia, iraq and the united states, and a stronger dollar.   as long as isil has this territory, it has the “caliphate” it claims and therefore the basis for its appeal — a destination for recruits.   “as long as they maintain liquidity in the banking system, they will have achieved their objective, so lowering the discount rate is not that meaningful,” hong kong-based anz economist raymond yeung (楊宇霆) said.   "as long as they're focused on daesh and as long they are genuine in wanting to be part of implementing the geneva (accords), they can be an extremely constructive and important player in reaching a solution," he added.   as major league baseball's first ambassador for inclusion, bean counseled denson on his decision to reveal he is gay.   a smaller, two-megawatt turbine was built in .   a small fire burned two acres of land south of asotin monday night, on u.s. army corp of engineer property.   a small plaque marks where davis sat that day, and it will remain.   a small, semi-private gathering of federal law enforcement officials quietly observed the occasion inside the national archives building tuesday night with brief speeches from secret service director joe clancy and homeland security secretary jeh johnson.   a small service bar in the dining room has been converted into a niche housing a private table.   as many as personnel may have been exposed to anthrax during a laboratory training exercise at th … the cdc said in a statement the investigation is examining if other labs had received live samples and conducting a safety review.   as many churchgoers drive to their religious services, this makeshift response to insufficient street parking causes both widespread congestion and potentially dangerous traffic for drivers, pedestrians, and cyclists alike.   a smart widget will tell you when apps are draining power while the screen is off, and smartbulletin shows both app notifications and information in one place.   as mentioned, the latter imager is enhanced with the duo camera, which can bring you extra bokeh plus d effects at your disposal in the photo editing tool.   as mentioned, the other big addition is dtek, the company's security suite that sits on top of android and nannies you into making sure your device is difficult to hack and steal.   as men, you can and set an example, call out those who maybe don't always act in a way you consider appropriate.   as mining normally generates around three quarter of glencore's earnings, trading was generally ignored by the market after glencore's record $ billion share placement in , which turned glasenberg and fellow traders into billionaires.   as more and more hospitals started getting procured under a p, the market matured and in my view it's stabilized and i feel fairly confident they will deliver."   "as more and more people turn to digital printing," he said, "i wanted to turn away from it and hold true to the elegance of work done by hand.   "as much as there were crocodile tears shed in washington yesterday on obamacare, there were even bigger crocodile tears shed in washington today on marriage," cruz said.   as news of the shooting spread, mom-to-be chrissy teigen took to twitter to voice her feelings on the matter, saying she immediately made a donation to planned parenthood.   as nikhil wagle, a prominent liberal journalist so aptly observed, “without secularism, india is a “hindu pakistan.”   a social weather stations opinion poll published this month showed duterte was the top-rated contender for percent of , respondents, more than twice the number who supported aquino's anointed successor, former interior minister manuel roxas.   as of , the clean economy in our region accounts for more than , jobs.   as of p.m. friday the station cut off its live news content and started airing pre-taped content.   as of a few days ago, they'd served , meals and provided health and emotional support to hundreds.   as of august , golf channel is available to approximately million pay television households in the united states alone.   as of jan. , the address is stan evans drive, jefferson, ga .   as of june , there were three million syrian refugees.   as of monday's close, unitedhealth (unh) was the best blue-chip performer for the quarter and american express (axp) the worst.   as of september , all million gallons/per day of flow has transferred from the coventry woods wastewater plant to the joint wastewater treatment facility, the town said.   as of this writing i need to lose pounds to be on the upper range of the "normal weight" for my height.   as of thursday, a total of . million yen had been pledged by more than people.   as of thursday, the s&p was showing a .% gain on the year, and the nasdaq was up .% for .   as of tuesday night, the app is available in the google app store and the apple store.   as of tuesday's close, kraft had a market value of about $ billion, based on shares outstanding as of march . the wall street journal first reported on tuesday that the companies were in talks.   as one of newt gingrich’s chief lieutenants in the ’s, kasich went after corporate welfare and the b- bomber program.   "as one of only a few independent networks, we decided to exercise our own voice and committed ourselves to bringing this pageant to american viewers everywhere," hubbard said.   as one of the warmest u.s. winters moves into the new year, nothing will change the pattern unless the polar vortex unexpectedly invades the country from the arctic, meteorologists said.   as one of the world's leading motorcycle tour companies, extreme bike tours offers guided trips in india, the himalayas, tibet, bhutan, mongolia, and from , cuba.   asotin county fire district and the city of asotin put out the fire in about an hour.   a soundless -second video turned over by us ecology to state officials showed bursts of white smoke and dirt flying from several explosions on oct. from the dump in the brown desert about miles northwest of las vegas.   a source close to the family with direct knowledge of the case identified darden, , as one of the captives.   a source tells the website the split remains amicable and menzel and diggs have agreed to share the duty of raising their five-year-old son, walker.   as our journey ended after one glorious week, we awoke early the next morning in agen where the cruise ended to long and sad goodbyes, but memories of a part of france that will linger in the mind as well as the taste buds for many years to come.   a southeastern indiana county that has been at the center of months-long legal battle over a nativity scene that has been a courthouse tradition for five decades will allow a mixture of religious and secular displays this holiday season.   a southwest airlines representative could not be immediately reached for comment.   a south yorkshire police spokeswoman said: "we are working with a number of forces across the country to find him.   as part of a benefits plan, a small business can help its employees set up and fund their iras – that includes those small businesses who are self-employed.   as part of a growing partnership between daimler ag and the renault-nissan alliance, the german automaker will help set up a second assembly line at nissan's aguascalientes plant.   as part of its -year capital plan, tdsb trustees are reviewing and discussing the future of schools – elementary schools – that have low enrolment and are under-utilized.   as part of the annual celebration, the sba picks one small business person of the year who most exemplifies the determination and spirit of the small-business owner.   as part of the program, the drone firm precisionhawk and transport company bnsf railroad are also testing drone flights beyond the pilot's visual line of sight.   as part of the "p.s." service, united is offering flat-bed seats in its business-first cabin, extra legroom in economy plus seats, in-flight wi-fi and power ports for each row.   as part of the trial, downing gave a deposition at a government office located in the same federal building that authorities say he ended killed himself and the security guard on friday, richardson said.   "a special ballot is a blank ballot that the elector writes the name in for the candidate in the riding in which they normally live."   a special thanks to debbie borrowman for creating a festive mood.   a speech by research and education minister johanna wanka and greetings from space were the highlights of the opening ceremony.   a speedskating tournament in june drew more than participants from all over kenya with hundreds more watching.   as played by tea leoni, secretary mccord is measured, whip-smart, ethical and strong.   a spokeperson for the p.e.i. department of finance said government doesn't know how much it will lose in tax revenue because of the change.   a spokesman at state power firm gecol in benghazi said output at the gas-fired main power plant was still stable at megawatts on average a day, but three sub-stations distributing electricity inside the city had been damaged.   a spokesman for city council speaker melissa mark-viverito said lawmakers still planned to vote on a second bill in the package calling for a study on congestion in the city.   a spokesman for kent fire and rescue service said: "firefighters were called to a fire in the roof of a three-storey terraced building used as a restaurant in high street, rochester.   a spokesman for kfrs said: "there wasn't extensive damage but it needed to be attended by crews.   a spokesman for mr jones said: "carwyn is more than happy to take on the opposition.   a spokesman for president ma ying-jeou said that ma had reiterated the official nationalist line that it would be "unsuitable" for lien to attend.   a spokesman for renegade yemeni troops allied to the houthis has already said they fully accepted the proposal.   a spokesman for the alaska marine highway system, the state agency that operates the ferries between alaska and prince rupert, was not immediately available for comment.   a spokesman for the national federation of subpostmasters said: "this is very disappointing news, particularly for our elderly and more vulnerable customers who rely on face-to-face support from subpostmasters with handling these types of transactions."   a spokesman for the sons of confederate veterans, a group that honors southern civil war soldiers, called the move premature.   a spokesman said on saturday the houthis and their powerful ally, ex-president ali abdullah saleh, should first commit to a u.n. security council resolution demanding they withdraw from yemen's main cities.   a spokesperson for nbn said that the company's timetable had not changed.   a spokesperson from the jewelry store told cnn business continued as usual.   a spokesperson said: "we are enhancing our surveillance for colistin resistance, and veterinary prescribers have voluntarily updated prescribing guidelines to restrict use of colistin in animals."   a spokesperson says it's now about per cent contained and crews will focus on hotspots through the day.   a spokeswoman for microsoft told cnet that the company had nothing more to add beyond the blog post.   a spokeswoman for the dallas-based company said technological issues are requiring the airline to manually check in passengers when they arrive at the airport.   a spokeswoman for the icc said there "no timelines" for how long an investigation may take.   a spokeswoman for the liquidation companies would not confirm any pending price discounts.   as president barack obama said, "in this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people.   "as president, i'll fight to make sure every campus offers every survivor the support she needs and will make sure those services are comprehensive, confidential and coordinated," she said.   "as president of the united states, i would make fixing our broken health care system one of my top priorities."   as pressure on greece intensified, the athens stock market fell more than %.   as reported earlier, in december yatseniuk said that ukraine submitted a number of lawsuits against the russian federation seeking compensation for damage caused by its military aggression.   as required by the constitution, parliament this month also elected a new prime minister, kp sharma oli, who faces the tough task of unifying the earthquake-hit country as ethnic tensions flare.   as rivers' condition grew dire and doctors struggled to restore her breathing, the physician who conducted the laryngoscopy left the room because she knew she was not permitted to be there "and wanted to avoid getting caught," the complaint alleged.   as road and track notes, these are considered to be the automaker's smaller investments because the cars and motorbikes are made in limited quantity and only serve a specific market.   “assad has killed so many innocents, and many people have lost hope.   assad's foreign opponents include gulf arab states and turkey.   as schools are teaching grit and resilience, part of the grade is determined by the effort that went into the activity, said kaplan thaler.   assembling the clues (photo by abel horwitz/laist) once i got to my first location i met up with barry, a film production designer.   as she developed the concept, jones spoke to a guy who designs actual peep-show booths in manhattan.   "as sheriff, i adhere to the laws that govern our land.   as she swallows, she stares at the lens for some time, almost without moving.   as significant as this game is for both teams’ season, it feels equally as important for what it could mean going into next season.   assistant police commissioner devon watkis has said they will provide details about the investigation as soon as possible.   assistant police commissioner jerry rodriguez said gray was secured by "leg irons" after he became agitated during the trip, but the department hasn't said whether he was buckled in with a seat belt.   assisted by the air strikes, local anti-houthi forces broke months of stalemate in aden last week by seizing the airport and then driving the houthis out of their last redoubt in the west of the city.   as slate's will oremus put it, this amounts to trying to turn twitter into facebook.   associated press an unidentified tourist places flowers at the scene of friday's shooting attack in the coastal town of sousse, tunisia, sunday, june , .   associated press business writer scott mayerowitz contributed to this report.   associated press filipinos walk beside their dog in the walled city of intramuros, in manila, philippines on thursday, june , .   associated press journalists were turned back by ukrainian forces well outside of debaltseve and were unable to assess the status of the fight.   associated press start your pension now.   associated press writer deb riechmann contributed to this report.   associated press writer deb riechmann in washington and lynne o'donnell in kabul, afghanistan, contributed to this report.   associated press writer esther htusan contributed to this report.   associated press writer fares akram in gaza city, gaza strip, contributed to this report.   associated press writer jennifer sinco kelleher in honolulu contributed to this report.   associated press writer josh lederman contributed to this report.   associated press writer kevin freking contributed to this story.   associated press writer maria cheng in london and carley petesch in dakar, senegal, contributed to this report.   associated press writer munir ahmed in islamabad contributed to this report.   associated press writers adam schreck in dubai, united arab emirates, diaa hadid in beirut, maamoun youssef in cairo and suzan frazer in ankara contributed to this report.   associated press writers amir vahdat in tehran, robert burns in washington and edith m. lederer at the united nations contributed to this report.   associated press writers david espo and erica werner contributed to this report.   associated press writers kate de pury in moscow and edith m. lederer at the united nations contributed to this report.   associated press writers laurie kellman, david espo, andrew taylor, erica werner and nedra pickler contributed to this report.   associated press writers ricardo alonso-zaldivar and josh boak contributed to this report.   associated press writers ricardo alonso-zaldivar and mark sherman contributed to this article.   associated press writers teresa cerojano, oliver teves and ken moritsugu contributed to this report.   associated press writers vivian salama in baghdad and robert burns in washington contributed to this report.   as someone who once drifted between stays in run-down motels and nights along local ditches, smith knows gallup's streets and outskirts well.   "as soon as i mentioned it the place went absolutely wild," he said.   as soon as night falls, several of the capital’s buildings and squares are bathed in light of many colors, variations and designs.   as soon as the member begins this, a news release will be issued explaining our direction," she wrote.   “as soon as they thought special forces were there, they opened fire,” federal magistrate eric van der sypt said.   as soon as we heard of this isolated incident, we began our own internal investigation overnight," the company wrote in a statement.   as spirit airlines ceo ben baldanza told npr's planet money in , other airlines charge higher fares because they build the price of carrying baggage, food, drinks, and customer service into the price of the ticket.   as spurlock discovers, overseas hospitals catering to international patients offer consistent prices that make it easy to comparison shop.   as sri lanka put their nose in front after overs sangakkara had a century including seven boundaries to his name.   as such, apple's legal salvos are one attempt to slow the momentum of android by trying to convince the courts to lend a hand.   as such, everyone -- and the greeks in particular -- would be well advised to listen closely to this man.   as such, family members and loved ones of murder victims often find themselves entangled in the justice system for a very long time.   "as such, paula deen ventures has terminated their relationship with this social media manager."   as such, the watch's "breakout quarter" will be at the end of when sales for the holiday quarter alone could hit million.   assuming a road to nome were ever built (the idea has been studied by the state of alaska), a fantasy road trip from london to new york might cover a grueling but presumably photo-op-laden , kilometers (, miles).   a staffer at the we always care office inside clarkson refused to give his name, saying he was not authorized to speak to the press, but denied that the organization is controlled by hersko.   a state department official said it was not unusual for state job applicants to be in touch with the department's financial disclosure officials over their filings.   a state department official said that previous requests for armed drones from italy and turkey would be reviewed in light of the new policy.   a statement from colima state's civil protection agency on thursday said the initial eruption occurred just after a.m. ash was falling to the southwest of the crater.   a statement from the club read: "the board of directors would like to express its thanks to allan johnston for his diligent service over the last eighteen months.   "a steady mind is not guaranteed."   asteroid bl sped by at about three times the distance of earth to the moon - about , miles.   as the s wore on, the crisis eventually became what nato described a "major humanitarian disaster" -- the systematic ethnic cleansing of albanians, which made up more than % of the population of kosovo.   as the agricultural sector collapsed and hyper-inflation wreaked havoc, unemployment boomed and millions of zimbabweans fled abroad.   as the chart shows, the national average in-state tuition has risen each year since , while the national median income has been in steady decline since .   as the city was in the midst of a financial crisis and the terror of the son of sam loomed over residents, many took to the streets and began looting.   as the competitive enterprise institute documents in the latest edition of its annual report "ten thousand commandments," the so-called hidden tax imposed by the regulatory state has reached $. trillion.   as the course of the nsa scandal showed, merkel and her people already have practice when it comes to attempting to cover things up.   as the director leena pasanen said on the opening night of dok leipzig, documentaries are the best way to heal ignorance.   as the dollar has been strengthening over the last two years, the price of spdr gold shares has fallen.   "as the economy grows, we must ensure that everyone is able to benefit from our success.   as the family's been spreading the word online, they've learned two other men were also recently reported missing.   as the father of three kids, he is increasingly aware of the environment in which they grow up.   as the fourth book is released, here's a look at the film versions of the first three.   as the global powers postured, gaps also deepened between local and regional participants in the war, and predictions that the russian action would strengthen radicals in the syrian insurgency seemed to be accurate.   as the highest finishing eligible driver in the xfinity dash cash program, suarez picked up an extra $,.   as their bid has grown more realistic, organizers have hired a lobbying and public relations firm with close connections to former gov. deval patrick, who himself is being paid $, a day when he travels on behalf of the bid.   as their efforts continued, dozens of people attended a remembrance ceremony for the victims of the crash at a church in a nearby town, digne-les-bains.   as the man, surnamed hsieh (謝), was slumped motionless in his chair for some time, other patrons thought he was just sleeping — tired from playing games.   as the nation has diversified, it’s had to reexamine its culture.   as the ndp is leading in quebec, this has the effect of penalizing them the most, which is in line with the second-choice polling from ekos.   as the next evolution of the company's perceptive pixel project, surface hub features an -inch k display with support for multi-touch and pen input.   as the officer approached the vehicle, the driver fled on foot.   as the officers lift him to his feet, one officer asks if he's ok and the man appears to calm down immediately before the video ends.   as the poll was conducted online, a margin of error does not apply.   as the rev. thomas mckenzie of the anglican church of the redeemer in nashville told the tennessean newspaper: “jesus knows your heart — you don’t have to risk your life.”   as these discussions are ongoing, we cannot further comment, takeda said in a statement emailed to reuters.   as the storm center passed destruction island, which is a small island off the north coast, it reported a sustained wind of mph, gusting to mph.   as the tearful scene played out in front of raza, the son sang a traditional song about a broken-hearted lover.   as the technology is built into its receivers, yamaha users can transmit any of the receivers' inputs around the house including hdmi sources.   as the text tells us on the peshat, esau welcomes and embraces his brother.   as the three accused exited the court building, they hugged.   as the two sides wage what one doctor called a "turf war," there are no firm statistics on how many m.d.'s are drifting into dermatology or how many complications result.   as the verdict looms in the most high-stakes and high-profile case in the city's recent history, baltimore officials are taking pre-emptive measures.   as they continue to grow and expand globally status global insurance will strive to bring new, unique and specialised insurance product options to the market as they aim to meet a variety of client needs and budgets.   as they wait for their bitcoin etf to be approved, i asked them whether they think bitcoin can put those airport currency kiosks out of business and about their plans to expand the reign of bitcoin.   as they were honoring the late legendary woman, a new legend was created.   "as things stand, i don't even see how elections can take place under these conditions," dlamini-zuma told chinese cctv television.   as time goes on, carriers start offering periodic short-term sales to fill seats.   as time passed, i learned to share that same respect.”   as to parking, let’s make it simple and require one off-street parking space per dwelling unit.   a story about fear and faith, grace and redemption, between these walls braves the crossroads of love and religion to question who we are--and who we will become.   a stow municipal court judge set his bond at $ million tuesday.   a straight not-guilty verdict is considered unlikely because his lawyers have acknowledged he was the gunman, and the evidence that he pulled the trigger is overwhelming.   astrazeneca has said it could generate sales of as much as $ billion a year.   "a strike on the arabian coast by a major tropical cyclone is rare due to great amount of dry air that is drawn in from the arabian peninsula well ahead of the storm," sosnowski said.   astronauts grew space station lettuce last year but had to ship it back to earth for testing and didn't get to taste it.   as trump explained, “he was president, o.k.? blame him or don’t blame him, but he was president.   "a student that's smart enough to come to the u.s. and get into college is smart enough to navigate the admission process all by themselves," says blumenthal.   a study by the center for science in the public interest in found that many omega- eggs do not contain these fats in the forms (dha and epa) that have been linked to reduced heart disease.   a study from the harvard school of public health found that states that expanded medicaid to cover low-income adults had lower rates of death compared to states that did not expand.   a study on the findings was published in the december issue of the antiquity journal under the title "craig rhos-y-felin: a welsh bluestone megalith quarry for stonehenge."   a study published in may by the online journal plos one found that women who work in the electronics industry in korea have significantly higher risks of miscarriage and menstrual problems than a control group of korean women the same age.   a successor will be announced in due course, he added.   a suicide bomber blew himself up near the stade de france on friday, according to one source, where france were playing world champions germany, while a second bomb blast also went off nearby.   as unian reported before, moscow had earlier sent the eu member states' embassies its black lists of european officials who are denied entry to russia.   as unian reported earlier, the commander of the right sector's fifth battalion, nom de guerre chorniy, said that the soldiers had left their positions in donbas by order of yarosh.   as unian reported earlier, the nbu on friday, january , sold $ million at an average rate of uah . to the dollar on the interbank currency market.   a super pac backing bush brought in a record $ million, the group, right to rise, previously said in a statement.   a survey by fleishmanhillard found that, on average, viewers plan to spend fully half of the super bowl itself on social media and percent of viewers want to connect with brands on social media.   as u.s. first lady, clinton galvanized the beijing conference with a rousing speech that included words that have become a mantra for the global women's movement: "human rights are women's rights — and women's rights are human rights."   a suspect has been charged in only one of the five killings examined by reuters.   as usual in such cases, the court offered no explanation for its refusal.   as we all know, trees add oxygen to the atmosphere and thus help produce the air we breathe.   as wealth increases and infrastructure improves, so does regional connectivity.   as we bring life into the world, and foster and care for others, we are driven by an intuition to love and protect -- striving to raise healthy, happy children.   "as we get to a scene many times the person is not able to provide us with a story based on their medical condition," said corey rux, chief of the montesano fire department.   as we head into the polls, we find out who wants to represent you in the house of assembly.   "as we learned last congress, behind nearly every va scandal, there's a bonus," miller said.   as well as bringing a brand closer to its customers and forging long lasting relationships, credico uk are also highly skilled in lead generation, increasing sales performance and raising brand awareness.   as well as fighting trafficking networks, officials said they would share rescue and resettlement duties.   as well as his daughter mr young leaves behind two grandchildren, joe and lewis, his wife carmen and younger brother vic.   as well as judging, cheryl cole gave a number of memorable performances on the x factor.   as well as keeping physically fit, it is very important to stay mentally healthy.   as well as running webpages, the two alleged melilla recruiters organized meetings where they showed videos and material from islamic state designed to persuade young muslims from western democracies to become jihadists.   as well as this, laser transmitting satellites would have difficulty beaming power through clouds and rain.   as well, as we're seeing more u.s. license plates here," he said.   as well, delegated aboriginal agencies, which are provincially mandated to administer provisions of the child, family and community service act, are already test reviewed and the results available publicly.   as well, the department said a wellness strategy is in the works for to deal with wellbeing, education and co-ordination of wellness resources.   as we piled into the back of pickup trucks to drive out to the proposed site, the community members discussed how the process for public engagement has been marred by misinformation and coercion.   "as we restore some customers, we're getting more and more calls coming in on other outages, all weather related at this time, so it's been a busy day for our crews."   as we weigh if this is truly the only path to peace, we should consider the words of leaders like mahatma gandhi: "i object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary: the evil in it is permanent."   a swift water rescue team is in the area.   as with other oil and gas companies, husky is adjusting to a dramatic decline in the global price for crude oil that began in the middle of the fourth quarter and continues into early .   as with previous terror probes, turkish authorities imposed "partial secrecy" on the investigation, which even restricts defense lawyers' access to information.   as with women, the most common type of breast cancer is ductal carcinoma, which begins in the milk duct.   asylum seekers who pay people smugglers to take them in rickety boats to australia from indonesia are detained on christmas island and on the impoverished pacific island nations of nauru and papua new guinea.   as you consider what makes sense for you, start with these questions: how many years will you spend in retirement?   “as you grow up, i mean young men are told you know in high school, is jailbait,” jones said.   as you'll see in the clips below, it's very hard to spill anything..   as you progress through the game, you can buy fancier food and furniture to attract different cats.   as zittrain told me: “greed all too easily colors our objectivity,” and this is true for all types of investors.   at : p.m. et, developer david wex joined us for a live web chat, which you can look through below.   at , he applied for an extension of his stay in treignac so that he could complete a training program as a cook, which he did successfully.   “at :, he would go home and kiss his wife hello.”   at years old, williams is also the oldest woman to win a grand slam title in the open era.   at th street, it moved west and ended at macy's.   at . inches, the premium will share many common characteristics with the other models, such as a fingerprint sensor and a -megapixel camera.   at years old, muqrin is relatively youthful.   at a.m. cst, a strong cold front was moving west into the moose jaw.   at p.m., johnson will speak on “threats to the homeland” at the university of california international house at uc berkeley.   at , loren still works when the mood strikes.   “at : p.m., in the monitoring center, everything continues after if nothing were happening in cell number ,” an article on televisa’s website site says.   at about mph, she hits the end of the jump and soars past parents, athletes and coaches who've dug their feet firmly into shin-deep snow on the side of the hill.   at about .pm on february , a black hyundai getz hatchback was travelling south west on shepparton road near the great eastern highway flyover before it collided with the man who was crossing the road.   at a campaign stop in toronto thursday, mulcair said the days of downloading big debts on the provinces would be over under an ndp government and offered a few more examples of the party's spending priorities.   at a ceremony marking the battle of the yijiangshan islands (一江山戰役) in , ma spoke of a wish for peaceful solutions to potential future disputes between the two sides, saying: “now, we begin to seek peace.”   at a class that night, students held a silent meditation for minutes and then shared stories/ "we had some laughs.   at a commemoration event in the german capital, foreign minister steinmeier has stressed that his country now has a special responsibility to promote world peace.   at a conference in vienna this week, the -nation international atomic energy agency (iaea) heard updates from the finish and swedish authorities on their model solution.   at a gala dinner, a trophy was presented to flanagan by prince charles's wife camilla, the duchess of cornwall, while the cheque for the prize money was presented by emmanuel roman, chief executive of man group.   at age , she carried pounds on her '" frame.   at a legislative council meeting, lawmakers criticized authorities for "adopting a low profile approach" when releasing information about flu cases.   a taliban suicide attack outside two churches in lahore in march killed people during services.   at a march follow-up hearing, he was told the kids were doing well and that jackson had completed parenting classes.   at an earlier news conference unrelated to friday's demonstration, chicago police superintendent gary mccarthy said his officers showed professionalism during another protest tuesday night.   at a news conference with italian prime minister matteo renzi in milan, putin said russia currently had "no relations" with the g which groups italy, france, germany, britain, the united states, japan and canada.   at a press conference held this afternoon, jim wagstaffe, along with two associates, kevin klune and kenneth nabity, announced their primary claims against the vallejo police department.   at a stoplight on steeles, the van driver stepped outside and confronted the other driver.   "at augusta, ben and i don't use numbers that much," said jackson.   a teacher has to either be at the school or at home working on grading, preparing lessons and working on reports along with staying after to meeting with parents, ect.   at first glance, it seemed ospina had saved from the france striker but, with the aid of goal-line technology, referee kevin friend awarded the goal to seal an improbable victory for swansea.   at first glance, this makes no sense.   at first, it seemed as though day may have slipped, but television replays showed day fall over.   at first, the crowd cheers, thinking it's an outgoing rocket fired by the army.   "at first they thought it was just some teenagers playing a prank, and then they saw several people that were injured coming out and at that point they just ran out of the theater, leaving their shoes, their wallets and their phones," she said.   at foot of meydan one, a .-kilometre indoor ski slope is set to break dubai's own world record, ski dubai, which boasts a -metre slope.   at full price, the phone flopped.   a. the annapurna region received a green light for percent of the hotels and trails as being in good shape.   a thief can use your identity to get a credit card, buy a gun or even get a home loan.   a third american and two bulgarians were also taken to a hospital with less severe injuries.   a third involves vanadium-flow batteries that store energy in liquids.   a third victim managed to chase the suspect down and restrain him by the time officers arrived.   athletics russia accepts iaaf doping ban without appeal the iaaf had provisionally banned russia's athletics federation after the wada brought to light a "deeply-rooted culture of cheating".   at home, political tributes flowed and italy's main industry association confindustria thanked "a true servant of the state".   a thought for the day: fly-fishing author john gierach wrote, "the solution to any problem -- work, love, money, whatever -- is to go fishing, and the worse the problem the longer the trip should be."   a thousand think pieces have already been spawned.   a three-alarm fire broke out following the crash, and fire departments from various southeastern massachusetts towns came to battle the blaze, the boston globe reports.   a thriller about about a group of traumatizied sri lankan refugees trying to build new lives bagged the top prize at the cannes film festival on sunday.   a throwback to the days when movie hookers had a heart of gold?   a tip was optional, but if you do — and you should — you have to put it on your credit card.   at issue for chancellor was his contract and having future money paid sooner.   at issue is a january order by dauphin county judge todd hoover that rejected arguments by the three about the fairness and legality of the process that resulted in charges.   at its base, it reads: "give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore.   at its essence, of course, technology is all about tools.   at its february meeting; mcgonnigle was chosen as its president, jane st. john its vice president and samantha allen-newman its secretary/treasurer.   at its headquarters in london’s tony mayfair district, staffers get an allowance for lunch from local restaurants.   atlanta (-) has surged into second place in the eastern conference, just percentage points behind the first-place cleveland cavaliers.   atlanta (-) at tampa bay (-) talk about struggling teams, the falcons reeled off five wins to begin and are - since.   atlanta want to visit atlanta for black gay pride?   at last week's trade deadline, the jays made major moves that have catapulted them into playoff contenders.   at least people were killed as a result of the explosions.   at least states have passed drug-testing or -screening legislation for people receiving or applying for public assistance, according to the national conference of state legislatures.   at least , customers were without power in tennessee and the carolinas, according to state officials and duke energy.   at least people are confirmed dead, and there are survivors.   at least other sanctions compliance officers, lawyers, and others have left ofac since for companies including hsbc, bank of america, western union, paypal, and credit suisse, according to a review of linkedin profiles.   at least people were killed in the attack, with bodies found in the basement and found on the second floor, a u.n. official said.   at least u.s. municipalities, as well as aarp, have joined the world health organization’s global network of age-friendly cities and communities.   at least people died in the violent protests against a proposed law to require a national census before an election - a move that opponents said was an attempt to delay the vote and extend president joseph kabila's mandate.   at least dead after military plane crashes in indonesian city by kathy quiano and jethro mullen, cnn at least five people have been killed after a military transport plane crashed in an indonesian city shortly after takeoff, authorities said tuesday.   at least killed in hajj stampede at least killed in hajj stampede : hundreds of other pilgrims have been killed during the same ceremony in years past.   at least people are thought to have died.   at least people were injured in two blasts, bogota's health secretary says the explosions occurred near offices for the porvenir pension fund management company (cnn)two explosions rocked colombia's capital on thursday, injuring at least eight people.   at least conceptually, i don't view america as supporting tyrannical laws.   at least four inmates have been put to death since august over the objections of four justices.   at least he was in the lineup, playing with the texas rangers for the first time in three years.   at least it was worthwhile.   at least one bar in the capital of hamilton was packed with people riding out the hurricane with drinks and friends.   at least one of the counterfeits was sold to a u.s. physician, prosecutors said.   at least one speaks of being raised by a single mother, another by a single father after her mother died young.   at least part of the explanation appears to be that light, which takes hundreds of millions of years to pass through the supervoid, loses some of its energy in the process.   at least, that's the advice two traders give when it comes to the nasdaq.   at least, that's what it was like for me, when my first child was born in .   at least they got to take home the free kisses.   at least they make movies for white people to enjoy.   at least two people were killed in a similar incident in january.   "at least we looked like a swansea city team again but we need to find something in the final third."   at no. ohio state , hawaii ezekiel elliott had three short touchdown runs and ohio state (-) overcame a slow start to score a flurry of late points against hawaii (-).   at no point did he apologize for american actions, but he did rely on the power of acknowledging mistakes—like starting the war in iraq and starting the financial bubble—to create momentum for his campaign.   at no point during the drill does curry appear to be worried about or even aware of the basketball he's dribbling.   a tobacco vendor license would cost $ if the draft budget passes, up from $ in .   at one point, experts had predicted that up to a dozen of them could reverse course this year and open up to obamacare.   at one point he up on the railing to pose for photos with fans, the smile as wide as it was when he made the traditional super bowl mvp trip to disney world.   at one point, it traded as low as $., the first time it had dipped below $ since .   at one point, scott even had his arm around kourtney's left shoulder.   at one point, the europeans were probably in a position to steer the course of history in a different direction.   a torn acl that took forever to heal took away what were supposed to be the best moments of wilson’s young basketball life.   a total of $. billion has been sent into the four biggest u.s. oil etfs since october, according to data compiled by bloomberg.   a total of , asylum seekers reached germany by train on monday despite the imposition of new controls at the border with austria, german police said on tuesday.   "a total of tons of ammunition was air dropped for us and the groups we are in alliance with," he reportedly said, adding that the equipment would only be used to fight is.   a touching take on the choices we all have to confront in the face of environmental change, the work is written by canadian playwright jordan hall.   a tough adhesive on the rear cover of the nexus p also makes it difficult to get to the battery, though once past this it's accessible, said ifixit.   at public colleges in texas, students earn a $, rebate if they finish on time.   a traditionally slow starter, lacy's extended slump has played a role in the offense's choppy production in the first half.   at rallies in village fields and dusty roadsides, nld supporters cloaked in the party's fighting peacock logo mob him with handshakes and plastic flowers.   a transitional government installed after compaore's fall gave permission for an investigation, and the body was exhumed in may, along with the remains of soldiers buried with it.   a trip to the mall is disgusting.   at risk also is the legacy of a world cup that was an organizational triumph for fifa and south africa, and bolstered blatter's reputation as a friend of africa whose loyalty stood firm in friday's election.   at roughly grams per cubic centimeter, the far-off asteroid's mass is far too low for it to be made entirely of rock.   a troupe of performers welcomes the arrival of on thursday, including reggae rock group hang in the air (盪在空中), punk rockers inhuman band (非人物種), hardcore punks the roadside inn and vj youji.   "a trump-kelly rematch shifts the attention away from all the other candidates and puts attention on trump, which is what trump wants," madden said.   a trump third-party run would be very bad news for the republican party.   at some point, tiny plaster print casts were made in the hospital of child m’s hand and foot.   "at some point you have to ask the right questions.   at st. paul, minnesota, jason zucker, tyler graovac each had a goal and an assist in the wild's - victory over the buffalo sabres.   at sun peaks, drivers will use the brakes to control their speed as they race down the new track, which is metre long and features a vertical descent of metres.   "at that point, i had nothing else to give him.   "at that time, i had no idea the liberal party would ever even consider turning its back on rural newfoundland the way it did by joining with the pcs in the late-night deal to support bill ," she said in a statement.   at that time, scott had owed $, — but the amount had increased to more than $, at the time of his death.   at the d.c. event, yael cohen, the -year-old founder of f—- cancer, a nonprofit that teaches millennials about cancer prevention, raised $, when magician david blaine auctioned off a date with her.   at the summer youth games in nanjing last year, there was a sports lab where we showcased inline skating, skateboarding, wushu and climbing.   at the after-party, "glo-throws" take place every minutes and involve clouds of powder being tossed over the finishing runners.   at the base of the south flank of the mountain, in a gentle valley bordering the san luis rey river, lay the ,-acre cuca rancho that would be the perfect place for winter pasture.   at the beginning it feels like a twitchy game, one where fast reflexes are what will keep you alive, and where the best route to the bottom is the fastest one.   at the calgary centre advance polling station at the military museums on crowchild trail, there was a - to -minute wait to cast a ballot on friday morning.   at the center of it all, those two words coleman has lived by his entire life -- "no excuses."   at the core i believe you're in the wrong, your lack of empathy has disturbed me, and your complete self-interest has disappointed me.   at the end, christie was presented with a basket of maple goodies.   at the end of his comments, the mayor went further — prompting him to apologize to city religious leaders who were in attendance at the news conference.   at the end of november, a suicide bomber killed at least members of the shi'ite group during its annual procession from nigeria's second city kano to zaria to pay homage to zakzaky.   "at the end of the day, it is giving up positions in the interest of strengthening and fortifying a fixed defense line."   "at the end of the day, it's an issue voters have decided," state rep. john moore told the newspaper.   "at the end of the day, kids are not being taught the fundamentals in school.   “at the end of the day, that’s the issue,” said dr. martin hickey, chairman of the national alliance of state health co-ops.   at the end of the day, these are businesses and pink money is still money.   at the end of the film amy's bodyguard reveals that she regretted her stardom.   at the end there is an enormous gratification from meeting wonderful people, helping those in need and saving lives – sometimes dozens or hundreds at a time,” said franka.   at the end, visitors are invited to create their own soundtrack for the show.   at the heart of the system is a noble ideal: ensuring that countries provide "fair and equitable treatment" to foreign investors.   at the hospital the couple learned it was a blood clot, which, if left untreated, could lead to a severe stroke or even death.   at their last meeting, the ecb specifically signalled that the most likely form of further easing would involve adjusting their qe programme.   at their peak, cuban trains featured dining cars and other high-end services.   at the london rally, britain’s newly elected opposition labour party leader and veteran socialist jeremy corbyn drew huge cheers when he addressed the crowd from the back of a truck.   “at the moment, things don't look too optimistic,'' wu told reporters at the scene.   "at the moment we have two mares with us and we have plans to have three more mares shipped over from slovenia which houses the official stud for the breed," he said.   at the nation's busiest airport, hartsfield-jackson in atlanta, three different intruders reached runways — in , and .   at the other extreme, you can get a cutesy overdose at a hello kitty namesake cafe, where everything from burger buns to soup bowls is shaped like the mouthless cartoon cat.   at the outset, brown said her daughter received four rounds of aggressive chemotherapy, including an experimental drug.   at the previous trial judge caroll “wholeheartedly disagreed” that there was a great degree of provocation.   at the same event, clinton said that engagement was the best option when it comes to confronting russian president vladimir putin.   at the same time, fbi director james comey has said in recent days that fear of being accused of brutal tactics has sent a "chill wind" through law enforcement in the past year, making police less effective at cracking down on violent crime.   at the same time, he asked americans not to turn against muslim friends and neighbors and turn the conflict with isis into a war against islam.   at the same time, tarring all muslim with the same brush by making sweeping generalizations about islam does not work either because it neglects the vast majority who are not taking part in or supporting terrorist acts.   at the same time, the nss says that the politicians who are unaware of the high role of the security agencies in the strengthening of the country needs to understand that the national security service is neither "kgb" nor "nkvd."   at the same time the number of unlocked or off-contract offerings has increased significantly and it's slowly starting to resonate with consumers," reith explained.   at the same time, the official exchange rate of the ruble against the dollar set by the central bank of russia for december is to rub ., being . kopecks up from the previous figure.   at the same time, they haven't yet reached vertiginous levels that would keep investors up at night.   at the same time, u.s. officials say they continue to privately admonish saudi arabia over human rights abuses in the kingdom, such as the recent flogging of a blogger, and its support of the spread of religious extremism abroad.   "at the same time we are delivering the largest programme of investment since the victorian era so that customers get better value for money."   at the same time, we want this place to be as open as possible.   at the scene, paris imam hassan chalgoumi said of the attackers: "we must be firm with them, because they want terror, they want racism, they want to pit people against each other."   at the start of his first party conference as leader, mr corbyn said labour mps would not force him out.   at the sunset, burhenn was true to form by not exactly having a form at all.   at the surface of the gills, blood picks up oxygen and loses warmth.   at the time, davis said her beliefs as an apostolic christian prevented her from signing gay couples' marriage licenses and that such an act was against her conscience.   at the time, it was a challenge to continue receiving text messages on the android phones as the plaintiff's phone numbers were registered with apple's imessage system.   “at the time, it was the height of the recession, and i don’t know how we would have survived without that great gift and that support,” siciliano told the crowd gathered on monday.   at the time, many saudis saw an american degree as merely a badge of honor: their time at a university was simply a four-year wait for a cushy government job back in saudi arabia.   at the time marine life experts and animal rights groups slammed the behaviour.   at the time of construction, glenn d. lowry, director of new york's museum of modern art, described the building as: "one of the most important private houses built in north america in a long time."   at the time of disclosure, no updated version of the google admin application has been released.   at the time of publishing, the grade had jumped to an a+.   at the time of the crash cpd investigators were able to recover a damaged part of the car that was left behind at the crash site.   at the time of the friendship 's demonstration, in february , about a year had passed since a sit-in at a segregated lunch counter in greensboro, north carolina, helped galvanize the nation's civil rights movement.   at the time of the traffic stop, the driver was identified as guy canterbury, from menifee, with two passengers, one identified as corey joe foye, of crestline.   at the time of writing, the website's account sections have been taken offline and the company is asking customers who wish to contact its various departments to use the dedicated customer service phone numbers instead.   at the time, she was -years-old and at a hotel in st. john's with friends for a room party.   at the time, statistics from the international center for the study of radicalism indicated that of the estimated , european union citizens who have gone to fight in syria, were belgian.   "at the time that the officer fired his service weapon, he was facing away from the people," she said.   at the time, the premiers of all canadian provinces and territories called on ottawa to do more to fight pollution.   at the time, thorkelson's brother-in-law, thomas haughton, acknowledged shipping the drug, although he said he didn't realize it was counterfeit.   at the turn of the th century it was an important meeting place for the strong labor movement.   at the turtle hospital, kids (and adults) can go behind the scenes at the world's first licensed veterinary hospital for sea turtles and feed snacks to bubble butt, rebel and chance, a few of the hospital's permanent residents.   at the very least, business owners should take the time to do some due diligence.   at the very least, discover is certainly proving a successful branding and marketing activity for comedy central.   at the very least, “legacy” addresses the unequal representation by showcasing artifacts, written history and interactive audio from seattle’s early hip-hop scene.   at the very least, there will be extensive and deep puddles.   at the very top of the site appears to be injected text with keywords, typically used to garner greater search engine hits, including keywords like "casino", "blackjack", and "roulette."   at the white house briefing, press secretary josh earnest said the administration was "obviously looking into" the incident but did not have further information as of monday afternoon.   at this in-person sale, shoppers weren't allowed to try dresses on, but the discounts were enough to entice shoppers from neighboring states.   at this juncture, given that the islamic state is the most powerful force in syria seeking to topple assad, there is growing concern in the west that the regime's demise would result in the black and white flag of is flying over damascus.   "at this point, all use aspartame or a blend with aspartame," beverage-digest noted.   at this point, an amazing , tunisian youths have gone to libya, or to syria and iraq, for terrorist training.   "at this point in time, we probably have around per cent of the funds we need committed, and we're looking for that other per cent as we work," said moores.   at this point, newquist and mueller are determined — and somewhat relieved.   at this point, runcible as much a provocation as an actual product.   at this point, the rename computer workflow has been created.   at this time and place all bids received will be publicly opened and read aloud.   at this time, rescue operations continue."   at times, the defendants sought to taunt the prosecutor, jumping up and singing in court or grabbing at his papers on his lectern.   at times, they barely seemed to occupy the same world.   attkisson: fair enough, but is there any doubt in your mind that some schools have used unfair, unethical, or even dishonest tactics?   attorney general tim fox says no one knows the exact number of untested kits in montana, and the task force will work to determine where the state stands.   attorney john burris said in a statement that the shooting wasn't justified and "sentenced hung lam to a lifetime in a wheelchair, as a paraplegic."   attorneys for the three area directors could not be reached for comment ahead of thursday's hearing.   attorney: 'unconscious bias' led to ferrell's death according to chestnut's version of events, ferrell was on the sidewalk when officers arrived and walked toward them because he was relieved they had arrived.   attracting women cleaner terminals, schedules that guarantee home time, automatic transmissions and safer truck stops have all been crucial to attracting and retaining female drivers, said werner’s leathers.   attributing his success to his work ethic that was instilled in him by his parents and grandparents, mr. rantis became involved in his profession at the encouragement of his family.   at&t/youtube screenshot by cnet perhaps we're all immune from being shocked anymore.   a tug sank on the yangtze while undergoing sea trials in january, killing of people on board.   a tuscaloosa resident called police friday night after spotting anthony dewayne ware, , sitting on the front porch of a home with a gun, police said.   a two-sentence statement from the foreign ministry did not offer more details friday about the removal of assistant foreign minister zhang kunsheng.   a typical student in the college of arts and science will pay tuition of $,.   aubameyang, who started out with the ac milan youth team, could play either as a central striker or on the wings.   auberge du soleil in the napa valley, which opened in , is the brand's flagship property.   audience members gave feedback.   audiences are rapidly diversifying, and if hollywood does not work to keep up they will find themselves missing out on the wallets of a growing segment of the american public.   audience testing, however, made new line squeamish about the finale.   audi r&d boss ulrich hackenberg on friday said he could imagine adding more partners to the consortium headed by luxury carmakers.   audrey hepburn herself intervened and in the end, moon river remained, earning mancini and mercer an oscar in for best original song and today ranking fourth in the american film institute's list of top film songs.   augsburg held on to the - draw and all currently third from bottom.   august , enterprise team at jr. dixie boys world series posted: tue : am, aug , photos from the jr. dixie boys world series opening ceremonies in aiken, sc.   augustine and freshmen analise cheshire and abby zolner each won two of those events.   august: u.s. world cup star alex morgan, playing for the nwsl’s portland thorns, tweeted that her team’s hotel in kansas city was riddled with mold and bedbugs.   a ukrainian expert community has been divided in their evaluation of events.   a u.n. appeal for about $ million was launched on march to cover the needs of , cyclone-affected people for three months but dujarric said that to date donors have given only $. million, just per cent.   a united nations spokesman said the incident happened only meters outside the buffer zone which is controlled by the un military force in cyprus.   "aureo-variegata" is quite slow to spread and expensive.   a u.s. appeals court panel had denied his requests to stop the execution earlier on tuesday, and missouri governor jay nixon also rejected his clemency request.   a u.s. department of justice investigation found in december that cleveland's police force systematically engages in excessive use of force.   a u.s. intelligence assessment described to the ap said -year-old said kouachi was trained in preparation to return home and carry out an attack.   a u.s. judicial panel will meet in new orleans thursday to consider consolidating more than lawsuits filed against vw in connection with the emissions scandal.   a us-led anti-is coalition began carrying out air strikes in the tikrit area on wednesday, a move that increased available firepower in the air but has at least temporarily curbed it on the ground.   a u.s. poll in december found two-thirds of americans want mandatory labelling of foods containing gmos, with just seven per cent opposed to the labelling.   austerity programs also had a massive impact on the proportion of health spending that patients have to pay out of their pockets in southern european countries and ireland.   austin was accused but never charged in the rhode island investigation.   australia are due to play a davis cup quarter-final match against kazakhstan this week, but the lead-up has been plagued by infighting and further controversy surrounding hot-headed talent nick kyrgios.   australia, bahrain, great britain, france, germany, iran (which is not formally listed in the u.s. coalition), iraqi kurdistan, jordan, and the syrian government remain the most active countries combating isis besides the united states.   "australia, belgium, malaysia, the netherlands and ukraine call upon members of the security council to support this proposal to ensure that those responsible are held to account and to deter those who would threaten civil aviation," the statement said.   australia blanks nigeria - kyah simon scored twice to lead australia to a - victory over nigeria in a group stage match friday at the women's world cup.   "australia has great backs, but we have confidence in ourselves, in what we are doing, and we're out to stop them," he said.   australian drug smuggler myuran sukumaran prior to his appeal, september .   australian open women's semifinals photos australian open women's semifinals – keys, appearing in her first grand slam semifinal, didn't go down meekly.   australian treasurer joe hockey was the first to sign the articles of association analysis: carrie gracie, china editor, bbc news this is not just a diplomatic win for china, it serves an important economic objective too.   australia's rising tennis star australia's rising tennis star : if he is to be fined, we'll know saturday, wimbledon's press office said in an email.   australia’s s&p/asx index closed little changed, while new zealand’s nzx index rose . percent.   australia the australian, the country's biggest-selling national newspaper, printed a photo of islamic community leader keysar trad holding the latest edition of charlie hebdo on its front page.   australia, the uk and canada want to water down language in draft documents to be issued by the first five-year review conference of the treaty, which opens september in dubrovnik, croatia.   australia would also be able to send a participant for the contest next year.   austria filed a legal complaint on tuesday against "an unnamed party" in response to the reports.   austria had grown accustomed to its role as a transit country, alison langley writes from vienna.   austrian airlines said its planes were continuing to fly over the caspian sea.   austria ordinarily would require all asylum seekers to register there, but in an exceptional gesture permitted all to travel onward chiefly by train to germany, their overwhelming destination of choice.   austria's daniela iraschko-stolz won the world cup competition for the second day in a row.   austria's parliament voted in favour of negotiations on friday, before the outcome of the german vote was announced.   austria sues uk over nuclear power plan .. british plans to build two new nuclear reactors has drawn the ire of renewable-energy supporters.   authorities are exploring the possibility that the animals were stolen at the behest of some kind of private collector or maybe taken to be sold on the black market for rare animals.   authorities are questioning a person in connection with the shooting.   authorities didn't immediately say how the shooter died, or who the second man was.   authorities have found a treasure trove: the laptop, the chewed-up paper, cell phones and a notebook with dozens of names and numbers.   authorities have not released any details about the victim or the attacker.   authorities have not released the name of the missing man.   authorities have said the deputies answered a call about a domestic disturbance and found a woman with a cut on her head, a baby who they believed might have been injured, and an armed suspect.   authorities have said they're looking at what every witness was doing in the hours leading up the shooting.   authorities have warned motorists in the area to watch out for falling or loose rocks.   authorities in ahmedabad, the largest city in western gujarat state, said people had died of swine flu since the start of the year, with more than , cases detected so far.   authorities in belgium and france were hunting for belgian-born salah abdeslam, a key suspect in the paris attacks on november , when gunmen and suicide bombers killed at least people.   authorities plan to extradite the pair back to kentucky where they are expected to face felony charges.   authorities said he confessed to at least of them in the hours before his execution.   authorities said migrants attempted to stow away on uk-bound lorries stuck in the tunnel queue on tuesday.   authorities said people fleeing syria's civil war would be treated as refugees but those of other nationalities, including africans, iraqis, pakistanis and many others, were considered migrants.   authorities said the man was watching a property in valle vista, a community about miles northeast of kingman, june when he was attacked by a swarm of africanized bees.   authorities said they were continuing to investigate and gather information about the suspect's possible motives.   authorities say a boy acknowledged starting the fire by playing with a lighter to burn pine needles in the dry sierra nevada.   authorities say berrett was an internet technology architect for maryland heights-based world wide technology inc. when he falsified invoices totaling $, for various payments and gifts to strippers on a website.   authorities say deschênes had travelled to new hampshire to spend the columbus day holiday weekend hiking with friends.   authorities say hanna used to baby-sit for the girl and kidnapped her after breaking into her home.   authorities say the source of the smoke is unknown.   authorities say the victim was taken to grady memorial hospital.   authorities sealed off the beach early on saturday to prevent any protesters from occupying it as king salman was due to arrive in the area.   authorities spent a day searching for shannon lamb after delta state university assistant professor eric a. schmidt was fatally shot in his on-campus office monday morning.   authorities surrounded the vehicle where they discovered both hayes and phillips.   author: kate müser an estimated million people in germany work in offices, which can lead to countless emails, files and papers.   author of the 'game of thrones' series george r.r. martin was best man."   'autism doesn't magically disappear' reid said she does not blame the school or the division, but she blames the system.   automatically enrolling workers in these plans can also boost participation.   autopsies are underway on both women: one is in her s and the other is in her s.   a vaccine is also available in the united states, but only for hn, the cdc says.   avago shares were little changed in early trading.   average prices for mobile phone access will also sharply decrease, a year-on-year cut of at least percent, by end of this year.   average weekly earnings in july were .%.   a verdict has been reached in the daniel french trial.   a verdict is likely to set the tone for the city: if officer william porter is acquitted there could be protests and possibly more unrest.   a very basic fact about the fat diminisher program that a lot of the reviews seem to be in agreement with is that the guide does not undermine the ability of a person to be able to lose fat.   a very tall order, yes, but the authors harken to the progressive era of the early th century as proof america has reformed itself before.   a veterinarian who testified earlier for the state said five confiscated sheep later died from pregnancy toxemia, a condition that can result from overfeeding during pregnancy.   a video circulated on social media shows a man raising a black is flag on a building allegedly in northern palmyra.   a video of the encounter wednesday afternoon at a community event in rostock showed the palestinian teenager telling merkel that her family had been waiting four years to get permanent leave to remain in germany.   a video of the incident was uploaded to social media shortly after.   avid life media offered a $, reward to anyone providing information leading to the prosecution of the hackers behind the invasion, known as the impact team.   a view of the audience as the top gop candidates participate in the debate.   a village audit of the police department's finances was underway when he died.   a violent confrontation the incident started when a teacher at spring valley high school in columbia told the student to leave the classroom, cnn affiliate wis reported.   a visit to a starbucks (sbux) in manhattan showed business as usual, with a long line of customers but no sign of the high holy day for caffeine.   avista is trying to change that and they're starting with elementary students.   avista wants you to be away that their top priority right now is public safety and the restoration of power will come as they can get to it.   av: it goes back to the sydney olympics.   avocados: may kicks off the season for summer salads, and avocados are an especially tasty topper.   a vodka martini, in the james bond way." :am et: an undecided voter from portsmouth asks: if she played an instrument, what instrument would she play?   avoid aloe vera gel with green dyes or harsh additives.   a volunteer walked through a checklist of troubleshooting questions.   a vote on another bill cutting off planned parenthood's money could come later this year.   a wall street sign is pictured in the rain outside the new york stock exchange in new york june , .   aware of the country's evolution, many moguls are trying to detoxify their reputations.   aware of which way the wind is blowing, apple this week joins the streaming bandwagon with the launch of apple music.   a warm initial reception sent samsung shares on monday to their highest in nearly nine months.   a weakness is kamil’s self-congratulatory tone and lack of finely-drawn characters — among them the narrator, who relies on broad-strokes (“i was more of a springsteen guy”) to stand for telling detail.   a website maintained by the watchdog sunlight foundation called "politwoops" that tracks posts deleted by politicians serves as a graveyard of congressional digital mishaps.   a week ago, parts of the sunshine state were in the deep freeze, now they're getting cocky.   a week earlier, james butters, , was shot and killed by rcmp in port hardy on vancouver island.   a week later her husband, warrant officer howard richmond, was arrested charged.   a wet first day of autumn will impact cities such as duluth and minneapolis, minnesota; fargo, north dakota; hayward, wisconsin; aberdeen and sioux falls, south dakota; fort dodge and mason city, iowa; omaha and lincoln, nebraska; and wichita, kansas.   a white, female resident of craig ranch approached the host, -year-old tatiana, who happens to be black and also a craig ranch resident, and several of her friends in a hostile and offensive manner.   a white house spokesman earlier this week reiterated that obama would veto any congressional bill until the nebraska matter was solved.   a white police officer had this to say when asked if he believes that white privilege exists: "i don't understand your question."   a whole floor of the zionist union's campaign headquarters was empty, and party leaders gazed up from crumpled posters next to a vacuum cleaner.   a wide-angle camera, microphone and speaker mean you can pass messages with them.   a wide swath of the puget sound region was under flood watches and warnings through wednesday afternoon, the national weather service said.   a wind chill advisory has been issued for areas north and east of columbus.   a winter paradise for lovers of snow explore japan's northern island of hokkaido and its capital city sapporo which features incredible snow-covered sculptural beauty in moerenuma park.   a winter storm warning cov … the washington area expected only a couple of inches, with steadily increasing amounts as the storm heads north.   a witness reported another blast in bujumbura's musaga district on monday morning.   a witness told bfmtv that firefighters were on the scene to treat the injured.   awkward footage posted by kentucky sen. mitch mcconnell during his senate run in is likely the most famous example of the practice.   a woman and a teenage boy got out.   a woman discarding her late husband's electronics inadvertently gave a milpitas recycling firm an ultra-rare apple i computer that ultimately sold for $,.   "a woman is going to have a baby," trump said.   a woman told authorities that valencia allegedly sexually assaulted her at a phoenix home last december.   a woman votes on october , , on the eve of egypt's parliamentary elections at the egyptian … sisi, meanwhile, won a presidential election in .   a worker and a resident from each house walk to the market daily to buy groceries.   a wrong move by the fed as it weighs whether to raise interest rates this year could stymie the economy’s momentum.   axjo) lost . percent.   a year ago, microsoft earned $. billion, or ¢ per share, on sales of $. billion.   a year before she got married, she started to dress more conservatively and began wearing a scarf that covered all but her nose and eyes, the maid said.   a year later, loved ones cling to memories what might hernandez's fiancée say on the stand?   a year later, the von der heydt museum in wuppertal bought its first picasso for its permanent collection.   a year on, amnesty international says evidence collected by saftawi and others during one of the most controversial episodes of the conflict shows that israeli forces carried out war crimes in retaliation for the capture of an israeli soldier.   a year to the day since trainee teachers went missing in the southwestern city of iguala after clashes with local police, protesters held up banners ridiculing pena nieto's response to the crisis and accusing him of trying to draw a line under it.   a yew hedge screens out the street.   a young boy awaits a relative in downtown beirut as lebanese soldiers and policemen kidnapped by jih … hours later, the freed men arrived in beirut, dressed in their police and military uniforms, clean-shaven, and with their hair freshly cut.   a young palestinian died after being shot by israeli soldiers.   a young woman had taken her own life, leaving behind two young children.   a "zero-carbon world" is shorthand for a global economy that, on balance, is not adding any more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.   aziza and dunya had smiled broadly as we arrived to visit them, but it did not take long for the trauma of their past year to surface.   babbelsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   babcock was introduced thursday in toronto — a celebratory, hopeful event for a team that has had precious few of those lately.   bach also referred to the salt lake city bidding scandal years ago that led to the expulsion or resignation of members.   bach said there was also an urgent need to get the international broadcasting centre ready on time and for public transport arrangements to be completed.   back at the campground in uinta mountains, his mother, molly chrisman, was on edge.   back at the wells fargo championship -- where he claimed his maiden pga tour title in -- mcilroy finished up on the quail hollow course sunday with another win to his name.   backed up by a long-standing reputation for product quality and blue ribbon customer support, cc successfully pursues its mission of providing customers a complete solution to achieving significant roi and product quality improvement.   backer's hastily composed verse became the basis for the ad's enduring jingle, which was sung in unison by hundreds of young people on a hill.   backfield committee: tennessee didn't have a ,-yard rusher or a running back with a -yard game last season, which is why the titans ranked th, averaging . yards rushing per game.   back in , and for years afterwards, tan didn't think too deeply about them.   back in ffa members envisioned the project, but lack of funds held them back.   back in , davina was given her own chat show on the bbc, but ran for just one series, after being met with low ratings and scathing reviews from critics.   back in , a three-day attack on a mall in kenya left dozens dead.   back in december, he was granted a $, bail, but pakistan decided to detain him for three months, following massive criticism from india, which has repeatedly pressured islamabad to actively pursue the case.   back in july, governor brown signed into law sb , which prevents defendants accused of sexually abusing minors in civil suits from arguing that the sex was consensual.   back in may, michael b. jordan responded to internet trolls saying a black man can't play johnny storm in an essay in entertainment weekly: people are always going to see each other in terms of race, but maybe in the future we won’t talk about it as much.   back in the s a handful of beer-makers shared a fear: what would happen if we lost our brewing yeast?   back in the netherlands, bart gronefeld says sales have steadily built up after a difficult start.   back in the spring, bud break started about three weeks earlier than normal, matt reid, winemaker for benessere vineyards and estate winery, said.   back on board the dive boat, we share our information.   back then in in the cio there were many branches of which i fell under the diplomats branch,” he said.   back then, it proceeded down foster street.   “back then the rates were reasonable and you could bundle all these things.   back then, the worry was that too many catholics were coming.   "back to the future remains popular today because it is a perfectly constructed film born out of a fresh and creative idea," says caseen gaines, author of 'we don't need roads: the making of the back to the future trilogy.'   bacon lovers can breathe a sigh of smoky relief.   bad breaks, i guess.   baden says ruley's -year-old son-in-law, douglas harris jr., was strangled before his body was placed upside down in a well in .   baffert hopes to stick around in racing another years, but only if he can continue competing with the best horses at the highest level.   baghdad, dec (reuters) - a new message purporting to come from the leader of islamic state said air strikes by russia and a u.s.-led coalition had failed to weaken the group.   baghdad, meanwhile, insists that it first retake ramadi, where an ostensible "offensive" backed by the u.s. petered out last month, if it ever really got started.   bagno nilo beach club - with literally hundreds of beach clubs to choose from, bagno nilo lies inconspicuously on the lido di camaiore stretch of coastline and provides both a cost effective and hand-wringingly italian experience.   bag searches were more thorough, heavy objects were not allowed inside, and some metal detectors were used in stadium around the country, but the attitude was cooperative.   baha mar was also not prepared to agree to terms which would have included the immediate discontinuance of their chapter bankruptcy proceedings in the united states and their legal action against china construction in the united kingdom.   bahamian ngos that received just under $ million in funds over a -year period included the bahamas red cross society, bahamas aids foundation ( years), bahamas urban youth development centre and bahamas united.   bahamians need the kind of leadership that empower them to liberate themselves.   bahrain, ruled by the sunni al-khalifa dynasty, is home to the us navy's fifth fleet and sits across the gulf from mainly shiite iran.   bahrain's state news agency reported on tuesday the explosives used in a bombing that killed two policemen were similar to those recently seized by security forces after allegedly being smuggled from iran.   bailey knocked the ball out of the quarterback's hands, and chiefs linebacker ramik wilson fell on the fumble in the end zone for a chiefs touchdown.   bail has been set at two testicles, we are happy to say, the defendant has posted his own bail.   balance helps keep defenses honest.   balance is the key in all of it.   baldwin, who was born in sussex, was married to the actress sarah long, who presented the bbc's long-running children's programme play school, and died of cancer in .   ballmer now owns more of twitter than dorsey, who has a . percent stake, according to thomson reuters data.   balloon not included spiders are no strangers to unconventional methods of transportation.   balloons made of bamboo and traditional papers are released day and night during the annual six-day festival.   ball state president paul ferguson made the announcement monday night before letterman spoke to a sold-out crowd at emens auditorium with filmmakers spike jonze and bennett miller.   balme says that it may date to the anglo-saxon period, which started in when the roman empire abandoned britain, and lasted until , when a group called the normans, led by william the conqueror, invaded england.   baltimore police arrested people, including four juveniles.   baltimore police officer william porter could have called for medical help for freddie gray simply by touching a button on his uniform but he "criminally neglected his duty to keep mr. gray safe," a prosecutor said in his opening statement.   bamieh did not immediately respond to a request for comment tuesday.   banerjee reported from lucknow, india.   bangkok (ap) — thai authorities are upset about being blacklisted by the u.s. for the second year in a row for failing to do enough to combat modern-day slavery.   bangkok has seen politically charged violence in the past decade; the deadliest, in , killed more than over two months and was centred on the same intersection where monday's bomb went off.   bangladesh's pace debutant mustafizur rahman was judged man of the match for his -, including three wickets in an over in the first innings.   bank anglers at the ringold springs access area harvested adult chinook.   bankers calling on companies need to have credit accountability.   banks would have been required to provide documentation on efforts to modify loans for stressed borrowers, fund affordable housing and provide credit for small businesses, among other services.   banning police first responded to an : a.m. call about a shooting and found one person dead and another wounded inside a vehicle, diaz said.   ban spoke to council members after meeting with israeli and palestinian leaders during a surprise trip to the middle east.   banton, whose real name is mark myrie, could have faced an additional five years if he had been convicted.   barack obama's presidency photos jay leno interviews obama on "the tonight show" in august .   barack obama's presidency photos obama walks to the oval office on august , , the same day he announced the beginning of air strikes on isis.   barack obama's presidency photos president barack obama attends the nuclear security summit in march in the hague, netherlands.   barack obama's presidency photos republican presidential candidate mitt romney and obama participate in the first presidential debate of the election in denver, colorado, in october .   barakat and abu-salha met while helping to run a university muslim group and planned to travel to turkey this summer to provide free dental care for syrian refugee schoolchildren.   baraka was . people we lost in – sir run run shaw, the media tycoon who helped bring chinese martial arts films to an international audience, died at his home in hong kong on january at age , the television station he founded said.   bar boulud is located broadway between th and rd streets on the upper west side.   barca vs. bayern will be slightly more interesting i'd say.   barenboim, who has also taken honorary palestinian citizenship, conducted the divan orchestra in a concert in ramallah in .   barnard joins the university of san diego and purchase college, part of the state university of new york system, as one of the most recent institutions to come under review by the education department's office for civil rights.   barnett, who has owned his establishment for years, sees problems with bars that promote biker events but don't really have a relationship with them.   barone said he was impressed with music pei and the quality of island musicians.   barrette has designated two investigators to look into the level of care at the facility.   barring the new hoverboard provision, these rules have already been in place for previous shows.   barry pashak and bob hawkesworth were the city’s last ndp mlas.   barsky feels he had to choose between chelsea, who'd just been born, and matthias in berlin.   basaglar was approved in europe as a biosimilar last year.   base camp after the avalanche the relief operation begins almost immediately.   based off improvements during last season and summer workouts, expectations are high from the coaches to the players.   based on the bestselling memoir of vera brittain, the movie depicts the war with grim realism.   based on the early response, many analysts have the film pegged for a weekend total closer to $ million — far above "jurassic world."   based on the popularity of cuba as a destination among canadian travelers, it's likely to be a top travel spot for americans also, laurence said.   "based on those events, comes a necessity that key world countries, including the russian federation, which has always been a great country and will remain one, have key areas of cooperation.   bashir, who is wanted by the international criminal court on genocide charges, flew out of pretoria last week after attending a meeting of the african union despite a judge's ruling barring his departure.   basically, i have already designed it!   “basically, we put together this kit that was cost-effective,” said james duren, the professional-standards manager for king county emergency medical services.   basically we’re going to be pretty much the same.”   baskervill is seeking the death penalty for russell e. brown ii, who is charged in the shooting death of virginia state trooper junius a. walker.   bass won, but this time, it was outside cash that drove the day.   bates declined our request for an on camera interview, citing an ongoing title ix investigation into savannah's case.   battle conditions are, for instance, when there is no mobile phone connection and the generally available wireless network is gone, so we have to supply such a network by ourselves," komorniczak said.   baugh's ex-wife and daughter also pay a portion of the tuition, although court documents show baugh's share of financial responsibility for the college expenses is the largest.   bauman does it for free.   bauman said the planning process must therefore return to the initial recommended plan stage.   bavaria's governor is pressing chancellor angela merkel to complain to her austrian counterpart about an uncoordinated flow of migrants toward germany's border.   baxalta had about $ billion in sales in .   bayern, however, still needs at least four more goals. : p.m. that's it for luis suarez, replaced by pedro rodriguez.   bayern is already seven points clear of nearest challenge borussia dortmund and has won both of its games in this season's champions league.   "bazemore is obviously someone we'll consider, who has the potential to start," the coach said.   bbc northern ireland is running a running a live page on the final day of the tall ships festival in belfast.    bbc sport home page football all sport june last updated at : women's world cup: do you know the stars set to shine in canada?   bcbsm didn’t disclose the markups, however.   bcb: why is it important for black women to have this kind of platform online?   b.c. corrections says it has not been served with cunningham's claim but will respond.   b.c. education minister peter fassbender responded to concerns about delays for seismic upgrades for schools on friday morning.   beal, whose bow ties were a notable fixture of his attire, is a native of great britain with degrees in english and art history from the university of manchester and the courtauld institute of art.   beamer still owns a - goals advantage over foes with four shutouts.   beard is calling critics of the program to defend the state's use of inmates with violent pasts to fight wildfires.   beard said it's "extremely unfair" to release one set of detail and information while withholding another set.   bears guard kyle long quickly reacted to the move by tweeting "good riddance."   "bears on shore and ice exhibited similar activity patterns," the authors wrote in the journal "science."   beau biden's passing is another tragic loss for vpotus, whose first wife and -month-old daughter died in a car accident in .   "beautiful mind" mathematician, wife die in crash witnesses told police they saw a black car heading west on capitol avenue slow down as it passed by the victim and that they heard five gunshots.   beautiful photo all around.”   beautiful women across the country are being invited to apply now to enter the nation’s most prestigious beauty competition.   beaverton, oregon – happy first day of fall!   be careful where you lock it though.   "because a lot of pools are chlorinated with chemicals, you want to do a fresh water rinse, either with the hose or in the shower when your pet comes out," said theisen.   because any form or shape is the cause for trouble.   because b.c. matters, like every corner to the country, and getting outside the ottawa bubble is extremely important to canadians.   because clinton used the private server exclusively while she was secretary of state, its contents amount to government records, judicial watch argued.   because cloud is really a mobile strategy.   because european authorities and local border patrol forces here are not simply overtaxed - they are clueless.   because exports themselves aren’t a big driver of u.s. growth, the hit to from a slowdown of sales to china is bound to be small.   because if my "being-and-not-being-black" had exposed me to more subtle prejudice, but spared me from being kicked out of places, it wouldn't spare my child.   because if they don't, they will simply be out-innovated by peers and new challengers.   because i have a heart for people.   because instead of debt forgiveness, the "debt relief" currently proposed by rich countries will merely extend greek loans, and the taxes to pay the interest on those loans, far into the future.   because i spent so much time with my parents separately, i grew to know two entirely different life and parenting styles.   because it's as simple as that.   "because it was a relief just looking for the clothes, just being able to touch them, and feel them, and wonder what i'd look like in them."   because it works.   because i would totally buy one.   "because of all the nordic hostesses, more people were interested in joining the club," abou nassar chortles.   because of go's structure — you place black or white stones at the intersection of lines on a -by- grid — the game has more possible permutations than chess, despite its simple ruleset.   because of his ailing health, jerry kuster asked summers to read a statement from him.   because of his pace and popularity, he is already the comfortable favorite for saturday's classic and bookmakers have already spoken about the "pharoah effect" on betting markets.   because of security concerns, the staff do not say how many rhinos are at the facility, which has no identifying signs at the entrance.   because of that, some shoppers weren’t excited about discounts on thanksgiving and black friday.   "because of that they are simultaneously incredibly incentivized to try to grab more of that information and monetize it and incredibly skittish about the public finding out about that," he said.   because of the government’s repeated delays, lu has had to extend her hunger strike.   "because of this, almost all colors except red are 'filtered' out, and the eclipsed moon appears reddish or dark brown," nasa officials wrote in a statement.   because of us, thousands of species will no longer give glory to god by their very existence, nor convey their message to us.   because only about an eighth of the world’s surface is north of us, the seasonal shift in the earth’s axis has an exponential effect on our days.   because several airports didn't have data going back that far and four refused to release any information, citing security concerns, the total number is surely higher.   “because the chickens are stationary, we know that means the virus is in that area.”   because the court action is a civil suit, barak does not face criminal liability or the prospect of arrest.   because there is such high physicality, there is a natural respect for one another, because the players put their bodies on the line.   because these men often see the first woman who gives them slightly more attention -- even if she is a work colleague or just being friendly -- as "the one."   because they give me actual chills.   because this constitutes a threat for us, and it is not possible for us as turkey to say 'yes' to this threat."   because three previous studies had failed to show a benefit from procedures employing clot-removing devices, the latest research should renew interest in the devices and are likely to change stroke treatment, experts said.   because today is friday the th, i’m going to focus on the dark side of love via the best song from wale’s most recent release, festivus.   "because type ia supernovae are rare, we have not found any supernova close enough for us to identify its exploding star in the pre-supernova images," cao said.   because water levels have been dropping, the sturgeon are jumping more often, officials said.   because what sets the greek tragedy apart from other dramatic arts is that the heroes that do battle on stage are not good or bad, they are not right or wrong.   because with every "holy s**t!   because you know if i want to wear my glasses, i'm wearing my glasses.   because, you know, somewhere in there, for those who can get out of bed the morning after, there are shows, too.   becca stanek how russia could quietly retaliate against turkey how to make the white house's favorite pies president obama is a man who likes his pies.   beckenbauer was also briefly suspended for days in june for failing to respond to questions from michael garcia - a ban that was swiftly lifted.   becoming a "robot psychiatrist" when robots co-exist with us, pransky said, people project onto them.   "bed bugs slip into the suspended animation state," haigh said.   beer: enjoy unlimited tasting of over beers during the th annual beer fest.   bee runs the thai prime private equity group.   beethoven composed some works, including symphonies, piano concertos, string quartets, and one opera.   "before any sensitive piece of information is broadcast, our journalists know to refer it up the editorial chain.   before becoming the head of fifa in (he's currently seeking a fifth term), blatter was its general secretary when the first women's world cup was played in .   before coming to cbc, he worked for aptn national news, cpac, and ichannel.   before festivals like hanukkah they help us clean the building, and they keep their shops open late to make sure we have everything we need.   before going any further, i need to point out that the future includes so much that’s random that all forecasts need to be taken with pinches of salt.   before he left, mr hollande said the goal of his visit was not just a ceasefire, but a "comprehensive agreement" - though mrs merkel said it was "totally open" whether that could be achieved.   before her transition to digital, she was a public radio reporter where she traversed the country on the campaign trail in while hosting a daily syndicated radio show called "election unspun."   before he "saw the light and became a cheese monger," he worked as a management consultant.   before his ironic death, chris kyle, on whom the movie is based, denounced hollywood's version of war.   before i realised i was washed away to the middle of the river.   “before i’ve never actually sat down and said i’m this or i’m that,” popkova says.   before kids: a weekend in paris, a london show, a posh spa break, a fancy restaurant..   before letterman wraps up his three decade late night career on wednesday, the year old host is welcoming some of his most frequent guests to send him off.   before long, it may well be genetically modified salmon, the first such altered animal cleared for human consumption in the united states.   before long, thor and his rescuer became the best of pals.   before may when gay marriage became legal in oregon as a result of a federal judge’s decision, nike set up a foundation to raise money to support marriage equality that included $, donated by nike executives.   before murillo karam even received the paperwork, he "quite flippantly" said the united states could have guzman in or years, when he finished serving his time in mexico, holloway said.   before serving in the senate, graham was elected to the u.s. house of representatives in .   before signing with nice, ben arfa had played for newcastle in an under- match then for hull in the premier league.   before starting the site, i had mailed stine letters and signed up for scholastic's offline fan club.   before taking the regional jobs, rubens was a deputy undersecretary at the va's washington headquarters, while graves was director of vba's -state north atlantic region.   before the crisis, involuntary part-timers made up only about percent of the labor force.   before the cut, mtn said it had about million customers among nigeria's million people in september, by far the group's biggest market.   before the iphone, it even appeared as if microsoft could extend its close relationships with developers and windows' familiar user interface elements into a dominant position in smartphones.   before the presidents met, vice president joe biden and u.s. cabinet members met with counterparts and other officials from mexico.   before the results were announced, third place candidate, moise jean-charles, who won percent, alleged ballots supporting him had been destroyed.   before we get into things, the deal in its entirety is available here.   before you walk away from your -to-, you should make sure you’re prepared financially for what lies ahead.   beginning wednesday, readers can download "buzz books : fall/winter" and "buzz books : young adult fall/winter" through amazon.   behar won’t be on every day, but will be the moderator on fridays.   beijing (ap) — as state media reports have it, china's president xi jinping is dispelling all concerns about cyberhacking, the economy and the south china sea during his u.s. trip, and relations between the two countries have never been rosier.   beijing (ap) — research published in the medical journal the lancet says one in three of all the young men in china are likely to die from tobacco, but that the number can fall if the men quit smoking.   beijing issues 'red alert' pollution warning automobiles have been restricted, residents told to limit time outdoors, and construction sites and schools closed in the chinese capital under the first city-wide red alert for pollution.   beijing recently released a draft cybersecurity rule that it says will protect government agencies from attack.   beijing (reuters) - china's military will take "decisive" measures if there is a repeat attack by myanmar forces on its territory, a senior military officer said after a bomb from a myanmar aircraft killed four people.   beijing's island-building in the south china sea territorial disputes the philippines, vietnam, malaysia, brunei and taiwan also have overlapping claims, which have led to territorial disputes in the area.   "being able to vote at midnight, being able to be the first people voting for a new president, i think that still represents the ideal version of democracy."   "being active really does help.   being a free-to-play game, clash of kings relies on microtransactions to make money.   "being detail-oriented and being a creature of habit is really essential in this line of work.   being in a leadership position is never easy, and there are certainly ways that anxiety -- especially untreated anxiety -- can make managing other people feel impossible.   being in the middle of it is fun again."   "being intoxicated would not be a defense if you were to use force against somebody," he said.   being kind really does make us happy.   being physically active and outdoors have a close link," collyer said.   being smart means that politicians, government officials and other leaders must recognize their proper roles and responsibilities and solutions must be anchored in facts.   be interactive provides a cost effective route to market to a range of local and national clients throughout brisbane.   beirut (reuters) - an air strike in northwestern syria hit a camp used by the al qaeda-linked nusra front on sunday, killing at least nine of its fighters, a monitoring group said, in the second big attack on the group there in four days.   belbruno contributed this article to space.   belen is about miles south of albuquerque.   belgian prime minister charles michel pledged a security crackdown and an extra million euros ($ million) to fight islamist violence on thursday, while rejecting criticism of belgium's security services in the wake of the paris attacks.   believe me, somewhere, some computer has already logged the fact that you read this article, how long you read it, and even how far down you scrolled before you got bored and bailed on the article (thanks for still being here, by the way).   believers, bands and beat-lovers can pre-order starting today.   belinda bencic, of switzerland, tosses her racket after losing a point to misaki doi, of japan, duri … but bencic, who is coached by martina hingis' mother, is considered one of the game's up-and-coming stars.   bellavia wonders whether he will ever have his “saving private ryan” moment.   bellay added, "as the crown, we are not the lawyer for the victim in the way that the defence lawyer would be the lawyer for the defendant.   bell initially couldn't apply pressure to his right leg, but he was helped to his feet and gingerly walked to a cart, which took him from the field.   bell poses for a photograph during a rare moment of relaxation.   below, a collection of stirring photos reveal how the world joined paris in mourning.   below, we’ve listed of the best deals you’ll find at best buy this coming thanksgiving and black friday.   below you can read about a few of the most prevalent lunar myths.   ben ahmed recalled that he and j.-p. knew a teen-age girl whose boyfriend was a thug.   ben arfa made his first international appearance in but his career with france has stalled since a dispute with former coach laurent blanc at the european championship.   ben brumfield wrote and reported from atlanta, and jason hanna and dana ford contributed to this report.   beneficial biological pathogens and agents will eventually slow these expanding populations, resulting in annual population fluctuations at levels below peak populations experienced in earlier years.   benhaim is careful to note that when he left france, his motivation was a different one than that propelling so many to leave today.   ben hamm ben hamm, a junior linebacker and team captain at wesleyan christian school in bartlesville, oklahoma, died september after suffering a head injury during a tackle in a game eight days earlier, cnn affiliate kotv reported.   "ben hogan would have been pretty hard to beat.   benin boasts a relatively strong democratic record compared to other countries in turbulent west africa.   ben, in particular, was left reeling.   benioff specifically praised airbnb, dropbox and uber as "very exciting" companies.   benjamin also returned a punt yards for a td in the first half as the browns (-) got just their third home-opening win since .   ben knight reports from nauen.   bennett explained the process of successfully obtaining a tue, adding that it was very rare for one to be granted so close to a fight.   bensette joined windsor single squares years ago after a divorce.   benson and bobby potter (ringo), tom work (george) and mac ruffing (paul) are all from the akron area.   benson has established business relationships with the state that involve large sums of public funds.   be prepared to see a whole new world through song and dance.   berkshire has been eyeing freight trains for some time.   berlin gadget show: tiny pc, instant camera, phone with scale originally published september , at : pm updated september , at : am the $ polaroid snap instantly prints photos on a special paper.   berlin's currywurst (curried sausage) museum is just as interesting.   bernabé garcía says only six detainees entered the police station the night of sept. . all were between and years old, and all of them were arrested for drinking in public.   bernadette rose lopez, , and eileen olive brown, , were transported by ambulance to chandler regional medical center.   bernanke: from an economic point of view, we learned how important finance was to the overall economy and that stability was key.   bernardo was one of the most infamous inmates at the kingston penitentiary in ontario before it closed in .   bernard thought that the program's word lady, johanne blais, was going to record her last word of the week with him.   bernd wiesberger's two bogeys on the second and third holes proved costly as the austrian settled for third place at under.   berniard was originally convicted in and sentenced, but the washington state appeals court overturned the verdicts, citing judicial errors.   "bernie continues to be the transformative candidate and the one most willing to bring everyone along.   @berniesanders is following me. hi bernie. im the other guy in rtj who doesn't usually vote 'cause i think its a sham. im voting for you.   bernie sanders' political career photos rep. elliot engel, from left, then-sen.   bernie sanders' political career photos incoming sens.   bernstein and his colleagues focused on those tags, asking how they might be disrupting the three-dimensional structure of the dna.   bernstein hopes wednesday’s rate hike, which he believes was not data-driven in light of below-target inflation, was an exception.   "besides being illegal, these actions are unpatriotic and will not be tolerated."   besides china, army teams from india, kuwait, venezuela, angola, mongolia, belarus, armenia, kyrgyzstan, the hosting nation russia and other countries will take part.   besides, corridore says, passengers didn't offer to pay more when fuel prices were high.   besides emirates, etihad airways pjsc and qatar airways ltd. have expanded rapidly in recent years, winning customers with their offer of luxury travel and global connectivity through their gulf hubs.   besides, it is much more promising to stay in the opposition ahead of the local elections considering the current economic and political situation.   besides kuwait, where it is the largest mobile phone operator, zain has operations in bahrain, iraq, jordan, lebanon, saudi arabia and sudan.   besides oil and fx-exposed sectors, the consumer discretionary and consumer staples groups have some of the lowest guidance ratios, according to bofa merrill lynch.   besides the anger prompted by the photo, erdogan's speech wednesday to relatives of dead and injured miners was seen as insensitive and drew scathing criticism.   besides the approximately homes that have been destroyed, about more have been damaged, officials said.   besides the hundreds of buildings destroyed, the fire has burned up to , structures, including barns and sheds.   besides trading the basic currency pairs, it can also trade other asset classes like stocks and commodities, explaining why its performance is better than most on the market right now.   besi has been developing gasification systems for use by the united states military research and development community since , in addition to commercial applications of their technology in use around the u.s. and the world.   best airports for a long layover photos munich airport – it's no surprise that the munich airport would offer some of germany's finest beers at airbräu.   best of all, in the middle of the novel winslow turns his attention to a passel of journalists working in ciudad juárez when the cartels were at their peak, and it’s as if he’d opened a window and let in some air.   best sharks in pop culture photos steven spielberg's shark thriller "jaws" gave birth to the summer blockbuster and a cultural love-hate relationship with swimming in the ocean.   best supporting actor in a motion picture: j.k. simmons, "whiplash" (pictured); robert duvall, "the judge"; ethan hawke, "boyhood"; edward norton, "birdman"; mark ruffalo, "foxcatcher."   be sure to check out all of today's interviews on foxbusiness.   be sure to search using google news, not just google (goog).   be sure to tell your realtor these preferences. . suburban, urban or rural?   betabrand as a famous writer for cnet, i tend to travel in a constant orb of flashes from paparazzi trying to grab a photo of me.   be the change you want to see in the world, right?   bethel boys, girls sweep konawa tuesday bethel's rylee evans works her way through byng defenders in a game jan. the bethel wildcats and lady wildcats capped a flurry of late january basketball activity with road victories over konawa tuesday night.   bethesda also unveiled the strategy card game the elder scrolls: legends, a follow-up to the stealthy title dishonored, as well as new content for the multiplayer battle game battlecry and the online role-playing game the elder scrolls online.   bethesda has told gamespot that it has no plans to officially comment on any leaked fallout material between now and launch.   bets on stronger consumer spending have been a primary booster.   better known for his comedy than for dramatic acting or singing, cannon, in the street-tough title role, broods through most of the film while making the biggest impression with his physicality.   better tax systems would bolster budgets and give governments more funds to invest in social programmes.   better to hire people with a variety of skills and approaches and give them the freedom to disagree, says mr carver.   betts is recovering in the hospital.   "between and there was unprecedented growth in aboriginal art -- we got in at the right time.   between and he was held in the us military's camp bucca and abu ghraib prison.   "between to , the edmonton economy … expanded at a rate of about per cent per year.   between and of target canada's top senior and operations managers will receive an average of about $, each on top of their final paycheque.   “between and percent of the city is destroyed and the infrastructure is damaged”, nassan, who acts as the city's deputy foreign minister, said.   between august and mid-october, according to the new york times, draftkings spent $. million and fanduel $. million on tv ads that appeared about every seconds on national tv.   between older siblings, friends, parents and countless movies, the average american teen has no shortage of resources for knowledge on how to properly take a hit from a bong or smoke a cigarette without coughing.   between the lush animation, memorable songs and surprisingly dark and mature subject matter (the villain's whole motivation is to have sex with the heroine, after all), it helped disney achieve the animated equivalent of a broadway musical.   between them they polished off bottles of champagne in a fortnight; churchill also drank six or seven whiskey and sodas a day, as well as three daily brandies.   bet you can't eat just one!   beverage director kirk sutherland most recently was beverage director of reynard and the wythe hotel, and general manager julie gray was general manager of soho’s uncle boons.   beverley ware, a spokeswoman for nova scotia power, told cbc news a bird hit two lines at the same time and knocked out power to , customers.   bevill stated that testimony proved that marshall took a purse with cash and a cell phone in it.   bevin's election gives republicans control of the executive branch along with a commanding majority in the state senate.   beware of oysters and shellfish hansman especially recommends using lemon juice on oysters and shellfish before eating.   "bewilderment," and a party leadership that is "paralyzed" by the surge of anti-establishment candidates donald trump and ben carson, the post reports.   beyonce at the game between the brooklyn nets and the houston rockets at the barclays center on janu … - new recognition for beyonce or pharrell?   beyond her job, hager co-chairs the era task force of the national council of women's organizations.   beyond the investment, the government's innovation agency (innovate uk) has also helped hav start a full engine test program.   beyond the live action we'll see from the nhl, expect the gopro footage to be an on-going source of content for replays, post-match analysis, and of course the usual social channels.   beyond the trade bill, ryan's ideas for replacing obama's signature health care law, rewriting the tax code and overhauling the welfare system will have to wait for a new president, he says.   bezzoubenko consistently and artistically executed difficult routines in the ball, hoop, ribbon and clubs events.   bfm would not immediately comment friday.   bibbs' mother also spoke at friday's hearing, telling valdez she would turn her son in if he broke any rules set for his release.   “bibeau did not know kevin was there.   biblioasis has seen some of its authors nominated for other literary awards this year, beyond the giller that was just handed out.   bickerstaff, the son of long-time nba coach and executive bernie bickerstaff, will get his first test when the portland trail blazers visit on wednesday.   biden bid on cancer research gets boost in spending deal by josh lederman hours ago washington (ap) — vice president joe biden's self-described "moonshot" to cure cancer is getting a modest boost from a congressional deal on federal spending.   biden comes closest with % seeing him favorably in florida and % in pennsylvania alongside % who view him favorably in ohio.   biden is expected to announce his decision in the coming month.   biden is no naïf; after a half-century in politics, he knew that he was doing well on that stage, and one suspects that he also knows the delicate risks inherent in seeking to convert deep good will into political capital.   biden's private meeting stokes presidential rumor mill vice president joe biden is said to be weighing a possible run for the white house.   biden's son beau died on saturday from brain cancer.   biden talked about beau. “my son was better than me.   bielsa insisted he was not leaving marseille to sign another contract, but blamed disagreements with club management.   bier markt announced it was scrapping the requirement for female servers to wear the dresses after the cbc investigation.   big american firms that generate a big chunk of sales abroad are likely to get hit when they report their quarterly results.   big bang theory: czech school kids get explosive taste of science at summer camp .. prague's technical university has held its first children's university.   big dude was hungry, it would seem, after a shopping trip to the apple store.   biggest celebrity feuds photos onetime friends denise richards and heather locklear hit a major impasse after the former started dating the latter's ex, bon jovi's richie sambora.   “big-name mining stocks are in the red again this morning with the sector at its lowest level in nearly two weeks.   big up to the people who don't act perfect.   big white received inches of snow sunday with a base total of inches.   bill belichick doesn't seem to mind players with character issues in their past, either.   bill bradley associate tv editor, the huffington post steve harvey has encountered some wild contestants on "family feud" before, but on friday's "tonight show," the craziness values were tripled.   billed as an effort that “invigorates the epa’s civil-rights mission,” the five-year plan commits the agency for the first time to conduct targeted compliance reviews.   billionaire activist investor carl icahn gives an interview on fox business network's neil cavut … icahn, one of apple's top investors, has long urged the company to buy back more shares and raise its dividend.   bill is being snuffed by hollywood pedophiles.   bill kwaiser was one of many people whose properties were singed by a wildfire this fire season.   bill watkin, operational director of the school support and training body ssat, said many heads felt the ebacc was not appropriate for all youngsters.   bill weir in search of wonder photos 'the wonder list' – bill weir is on location for "the wonder list" in icaria.   bill: would you like me to call for you, mom?   billy joel and new wife had a baby their daughter is named della rose (billboard)billy joel might be done making new music, but he's not quite finished in the family department.   billy joel was playing "uptown girl" when the women joined his backup dancers and stole the show for a moment.   billy rios, founder of security company laconicly, said he had found infected systems while working with several healthcare organizations.   binay has been elected as party chairman while navotas rep. toby tiangco got the position as party interim president in an event manila mayor joseph estrada was a no-show.   bindi irwin names koala after 'dwts' partner derek hough best new tv shows of the highest-paid tv personalities 'the wiz live!'   binge on was unveiled last month with great fanfare by t-mobile chief executive john legere.   binh received a liver from an anonymous donor after a public appeal.   biologists and anglers hope that will mean a boost for p.e.i.'s recreational fishery.   bionic animals set to transform work photos festo's prototype artificial bionicants takes its cue from the deeply hierarchical and highly organized world of the ant colony.   bird flu found in u.s. duck for first time by maggie fox a green-winged teal shot by a hunter in northern washington state has tested positive for hn bird flu — a relative of the virus that's infected nearly people globally and killed of them.   bird then turned his attention to premature babies, who were particularly vulnerable to breathing problems, creating the babybird ventilator - a miniature version of his original design - to be used on small children and infants.   birkel said that in addition to his job at the college, he also does work for a private company and sends receipts via his mobile phone.   birmingham police spokesman sean edwards says the girl began crying while the children were left alone and the boy attacked her.   birthday in prison following the first flogging of badawi, the german government's human rights commissioner, christoph strässer, spoke of a human rights violation.   bishop said estimates were that , foreigners from at least countries had joined islamic state jihadists.   biting the hand that feeds north korea is hugely dependent on china, its only major ally and the country's largest foreign direct investor, according to the korean economic institute of america.   biting: yesrating: ★★ mark yuasa: -- or myuasa@seattletimes.com four weeks for cents of unlimited digital access to the seattle times.   bitkom, a german it trade association that represents more than , international companies operating in the digital sector estimates that percent of all businesses in germany used cloud services last year.   bitter pill in voicing a willingness to deal with iran and russia, both staunch backers of assad, obama was openly acknowledging their influence in syria and swallowing a somewhat bitter pill for the united states.   bizarre mars photos: signs of life, or signs the internet has lost its mind?   bjork refuses to give in to songwriting conventions on "vulnicura."   bjornsson wouldn't reveal whether he's returning for the fifth season, which is currently airing.   black american muslims may not have capital, but we do have cultural currency and institutional knowledge.   black bears are frequently seen in the valley, and a recent trip report said a bull moose was spotted near lake ann.   blackberry blend displays text messages, emails, documents and other content from your phone on your computer or tablet.   blackburn said city water users also pay less per ccf.   blackhawks g scott darling made his first start of the season.   black lives matter protesters have vowed to demonstrate regardless of the judge's decision, hoping to draw attention to last month's police killing of a black man and to pressure investigators to release video of the shooting.   blackouts 'frighteningly' common blackouts are periods of amnesia about things a person did or places a person went while intoxicated, according to the national institute on alcohol abuse and alcoholism.   black shirt, white waistcoat, white suit with tight trousers — manero's character is ready to disco.   blackstock is mcentire's manager. photos: shocking celebrity splits they've been called the beyonce and jay z of country music, and now singers miranda lambert and blake shelton are splitting.   blackstone, a special projects advisor to the provost at the university, said the osprey cam has been a hit on and off campus.   blackstone capital partners vii is the largest private equity fund to be raised since apollo global management llc's <apo.   blair argued that cameron made the referendum pledge to appease eurosceptic members of his party and to try to win back voters who have defected to the anti-eu uk independence party.   blair on a bike when tony blair won in a landslide in , he made labour a decidedly pro-european party.   blake rayne plays both roles.   "blame and anger simply delay healing."   blanca said the thing she is most excited about after finishing the race is to get to go back home to her bed and rest.   blanchett of morningstar said more employers are allowing all former employees to stay in a (k) regardless of account balances, but former employees need to verify this policy exists.   blankstein graduated phi beta kappa from the university of massachusetts at amherst with a degree in history and a secondary emphasis on public law.   blasts kill dozens in beirut .. islamic state is claiming responsibility for two explosions in beirut suburbs.   blatter maintains that the allegations are "without substance," and two days later is exonerated by fifa's ethics committee.   blatter was questioned last month by swiss investigators about broadcasting contracts sold to disgraced former fifa vice-president jack warner in that were supposedly undervalued.   blatter, without even producing a manifesto, has already secured the backing of confederation heads of asia, africa, south america and oceania who can influence their member associations but don't have a vote themselves.   bless his folks.   blixseth attorney paul brain said his client had no obligation to appear for the earlier deposition, which was part of a lawsuit targeting the assets of blixseth's wife, jessica.   blixseth has claimed he no longer has the money from tamarindo, which included hotels and condominiums in the state of jalisco.   blockbusters like battlefield or the witcher frequently feature installs that approach gb, and as more gamers move to digital games, the problem is only going to get worse.   blocked by allies the tpp is a massive trade deal that would unite pacific rim countries in a free trade zone.   blom's co-counsel mark fredrick also told mcnally the archiocese is under "pressure."   blood was left on the pavement following the incident "officers attended the scene along with south east coast ambulance (secamb) and carried out initial inquiries.   "bloomberg and the other national anti-gun groups know that the only way they can further their agenda is to lie and try to scare people."   bloomberg said syngenta turned down the offer on regulatory concerns, without elaborating.   blue class at stone st mary's primary school kent online previously reported that breeder mr may was stunned to find the lamb was jet black despite his parents being spotted brown and white.   blue coat, which san francisco-based thoma bravo took private in february for $. billion, operates in an area where businesses and governments are increasing their spending to counter and contain cybersecurity threats.   "blue ice" by alex bernasconi is published by papadakis (rrp £/$).   blue origin is also developing a rocket engine in partnership with united launch alliance (ula), a joint venture of lockheed martin corp and boeing co, to replace russian-made rd- engines used on ula's atlas boosters.   blue origin’s rocket reached an altitude of . kilometers in the air before beginning its descent back to earth and successfully landing on the ground.   blue striping will help "zipper" truck crews line up the barrier..   b. medicine man d. scotty . which literary figure was also a volunteer nurse?   b.m.: the "hot start" process is great at forming giant planets, but it's terrible at forming earths.   b.m. was never charged and has since moved out of new brunswick, the inquest heard.   bmw pga championship - virginia wate … the ace, his third of the season and second in nine days after he also recorded a hole-in-one at last week's spanish open, meant he overhauled briton colin montgomerie's career tally of nine.   bnsf said the railroad is working to contain the spill, but it didn't say how much ethanol has leaked so far.   board member baker was similarly impressed with the work so far and with the benefits that should flow from the course once completed.   board president ken witt says the salary is comparable to what other superintendents make in similar-sized districts.   bobbi kristina was living with gordon at the townhome where she was found in a bathtub.   bobby currently writes for celebritywatchdog.com and previously wrote for springfield’s largest newspaper.   bob compares it to a boutique — a showroom as much as a store.   bob goen would host the daytime version on both cbs and its return on nbc until it was finally canceled in .   bob lutz told me months ago that gm was having to design all new radio systems, air conditioning, power steering pump, wipers, and so on for the volt, because in an electric car these systems are all powered directly by the battery.   bob marley and reggae are hugely popular among american indian tribes because of the music's political messages decrying oppression.   bob the builder has been entertaining pre-schoolers for the past years with his antics in the seaside harbour town of fixham, bringing the world of construction to life in an inspiring and meaningful way.   bob young: -- or byoung@seattletimes.com view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   bochy, who has guided the giants to three titles in five years, wasn't around as bruce springsteen played over the camp loudspeakers while wotus supervised the team for a second straight day.   bodies can’t, but light may.   bodnar-gray is an advocate of "vaping" because it helped her quit cigarettes over two years ago.   "body cameras are certainly a conversation..   boehner also announced plans to schedule a vote on a government funding bill that includes money for planned parenthood before wednesday's midnight deadline.   boehner also said he thought obama's recent request would confer less authority than under previous authorizations and that was not a good strategy.   boehner notably did not consult the white house before making the invitation.   boehner's resignation announcement friday stunned washington but was long in the making after years of turmoil with the same house conservatives who propelled the gop into the house majority on a tea party-style, cut-it-or-shut it platform.   boeing co (nyse:ba) lost .% after suffering an analyst downgrade from wells fargo on fears of weak forward guidance and the headwinds from lower prices on commercial airliners.   boeing had long rejected u.s. air force estimates that it would cost the company over $ billion more than expected to develop and test the refueling planes, but unexpected problems over the past year changed the situation, analysts said.   boeing initially plans to build three starliner crew modules, each intended to fly missions.   boeing investigators have looked at photos of the fragment and say that they believe it is from a aircraft, sources told nbc news wednesday afternoon.   boeing said the - is designed to compete with the airbus a and will ultimately replace the -er.   boeing said the order is for planes with to seats, larger than the cseries.   boeing sleep support – its purpose is to help passengers rest during a flight by letting them lean face-forward into a cushion.   boessenkool first met topp when the pair decided to meet for breakfast during the federal campaign.   bogut gave golden state the stopper it had long craved, helping change the franchise's decades-long culture of overvaluing offense.   boik's girlfriend also was in the theater.   boko haram: a bloody insurgency who is boko haram leader abubakar shekau?   boko haram boko haram: a bloody insurgency who is boko haram leader abubakar shekau?   boko haram had claimed responsibility for the attack in which a honda packed with explosives rammed into the u.n. building, shattering windows and setting the place afire.   boko haram kidnapped german citizen robert nitsch eberhard in nigeria in july, biya said in a statement read wednesday on state-run broadcaster crtv.   boko haram leader abubakar shekau described the formal pledge of allegiance to is leader abu bakr al-baghdadi as a religious duty and said it would "enrage the enemy of allah".   boko haram militants targeted and robbed banks in .   boko haram: nigeria's crisis photos men look at the wreckage of a car after a bomb blast at st. theresa catholic church outside abuja on december , .   boko haram: nigeria's crisis photos a paramedic helps a young man as he leaves a hospital in the northern nigerian city of kano on january , .   boko haram: nigeria's crisis – a french family kidnapped february , , in northern cameroon is released after two months in captivity in nigeria.   boko haram seeks to establish a state with the strictest interpretation of islamic law in the region.   boko haram's nearly -year-old islamic uprising in northeast nigeria that has killed thousands — a reported , just last year — and forced more than . million from their homes.   bold from bangkok – in , bangkok airways introduced kid-friendly mascots on its livery to appeal to families.   bolivia's coca crop now represents percent of the three-country total.   bollore is the largest shareholder of socfin, which has been accused by activists of land grabs in cambodia, liberia, cameroon and ivory coast.   bolton pushed the limits of what was an acceptable political necessity too far.   bond on the schuyler county warrant is $ and $, on the out-of-state warrant.   bond prices and yields move inversely.   bond prices were little changed from thursday, keeping the yield on the -year benchmark treasury note at . percent.   boner, who retired as senior resident judge at the end of december, left it to his successor to decide whether to allow cameras back in and under what circumstances.   bones are grouped according to the cemeteries they came from.   book one of the top-floor suites and receive personal butler service and lavish amenities all delivered via the no-questions-asked “liaison to happiness.”   book vs. movie: which was better? photos "the lord of the rings": j.r.r. tolkien's trilogy -- a favorite for generations -- is about the denizens of middle-earth and the pursuit of the powerful one ring.   booming gray market threatens cell-phone industry by olga kharif november , gray is the new black.   boone isn't sure when glace bay emergency department will reopen.   boon was among the first troops to storm the beaches of normandy on d-day and went on to liberate france and holland from the nazis, the petition said.   borchers had originally signed to play at morningside college in january.   born again prawns: reinventing a chinese classic searching for shanghai's best soup dumpling more from travel african food bloggers you need to start following now eggs with your eggs?   born in , lehmann grew up in denmark and studied mathematics at the university of copenhagen and later at the university of cambridge.   born in or in iraq's second city of mosul, qaduli joined is forces in syria after his release from an iraqi prison in , it said.   born in china, yun-ha travelled through china to thailand and on to south korea three years ago.   born in iowa to academic parents from zimbabwe, gurira’s family moved back to that southern african country when she was . she attended college in minnesota and graduate school for acting at new york university.   born in miami, rudner moved to new york as a teen initially to work as a dancer, but then moved over to comedy in her mid s.   born in san diego, he retired to british columbia after more than years as an alaskan trucker.   born in the kurdish-majority southeastern city of elazig, demirtas is the second-born in a family of seven children.   borschberg added: "bertrand deserves to fly the last leg, and to make the arrival in abu dhabi, completing the vision he created years ago."   borthwick replaces graham rowntree, who was sacked this week.   bortnicker posted the whole thing on tumblr.   bortnikov said the bomb was so powerful it caused the aircraft to break up in mid-air, "which explains why the fuselage of the plane was found a great distance away," he said.   boscowashisnamo pts i have posted it multiple times, almost to the point of it becoming a mantra.   boss jay saunders may keep him on the books but has told him to get games elsewhere.   boston bombings who are the jurors?   boston bombing: the dead and injured photos jane richard, in the pink skirt, lost her leg.   boston bombing: the dead and injured photos sean collier, , grew up in a big "brady bunch"-blended family and always wanted to be a police officer.   boston has lost four straight at home and three straight overall.   boston red sox pitcher justin masterson delivers against the baltimore orioles in the first inning o … "we took our sweet time coming out," howard said.   boston residents were apparently so hesitant about hosting the olympics and spending public funds on the games that the city has decided not to bid.   boston ward boss martin lomasney spoke those words nearly a century ago, long before the existence of emails, freedom of information or christy clark for that matter.   botanist bernabé moya and his brother, environmental engineer josé moya, both from the department of monumental trees in valencia, had been involved in the project for several years.   both accurately navigated us to our destinations and provided lots of contextual guidance during the trips.   both airbus and boeing are confident that the boom is far from over.   both anderson and halsor also pointed out in their reports that larsson might be leaving at a time when things may get tougher for old navy.   both are accessible only by air.   both are former agents of the russian security services.   both artists were part of the same season of american idol, each being selected for hollywood week, but only met after joining starmaker to develop their musical careers.   both before and after they visited washington there was a stark contrast in their every move.   both blatter and platini (left and right in above photo) have been suspended for days from their respective positions as heads of fifa and uefa pending the final verdict.   both came to the tournament in the shadow of high profile fly-halves such as dan carter, frederic michalak and jonathan sexton.   both cds resulted in heavy broadcast radio rotation nationwide, as well as countless national and worldwide internet radio stations, and charted in the top five of the cmj charts and on the roots music report.   both clubs have been rewarded for trusting relatively untested coaches to lead them this season.   both companies have significantly outperformed the broader market.   both cosby and allen have steadfastly denied any accusations of wrongdoing.   both cox and arquette have joint legal and physical custody of their -year-old daughter coco.   both denied wrongdoing and agreed to cooperate with the sec in its case against mudd, which could increase pressure on him to settle.   bothell police say a -year-old woman called at around a.m. to say her -year-old grandson had attacked her with a knife as she slept.   both end without a detailed proposal from the greek government.   both england’s openers fell for four, jason roy given out lbw to starc, although had he gone to the third umpire he might well have been reprieved.   both fanduel and draftkings, which are privately owned and valued at more than $ billion, said in separate statements that they look forward to working with the new board.   both feature led flash, a front-facing camera for skype video calling, and lumia camera software right out of the box.   both fell during a batting powerplay in which pakistan stumbled from - to -, losing some of its momentum before captain misbah-ul-haq made to lead his team past for the first time at the tournament.   both firms have been struggling with falling demand for office supplies. . markets cheer greek proposals: most european markets are rising by over %, and the main indexes in spain and italy are up by roughly %.   both groups find it hard to shut down the daydreaming so that more purposeful mental activity can proceed.   both have a "muslim brotherhood obstacle", turkey adopting the islamist group and egypt categorically rejecting them under sisi.   both incidents have provoked soul searching among british muslims at a time when the government is proposing new laws to give the authorities greater powers to fight radicalization and potentially shut down mosques linked to extremists.   "both iraqis and the coalition have become much better at identifying these threats earlier on," he said.   both jules and dorothy had humble beginnings learning to play.   both mas and junqueras apologised on wednesday night to their supporters for their divisions when they announced the agreement for the early elections.   both men and women age and over are welcome.   both men were held in the lockup and are scheduled to appear in court on sunday.   both milk and cheese will be available at the creamery store and at the purdy farmer's market.   both offer a humongous market for each other's goods.   both of his posts contain strong profanity.   both of us don't mince words because we are being asked for our honest opinion," said stephen.   both packages toss in a digital antenna for watching local channels over the air.   both parties have been bitter rivals for decades, and their cohabitation will be a novelty in sri lankan politics.   both politicians manipulated residual tensions to turn their spat into ethnically-aligned violence.   both programs are funded by the department of health.   both publications are generally considered to cater to a more conservative audience.   both ramos, , and ruvalcaba, , have each been charged with three counts of murder in addition to robbery, kidnapping, carjacking and gang counts.   both sides appear to be satisfied with the new approach, which is planned for a six month trial period.   both sports betting and fantasy leagues are dependent on the element of skill.   both suspects appear to be men, approximately ’” – feet tall, medium build.   both teams are - on the season.   both the abc news investigation and the inspector general’s report were based on numerous interviews with, and documents provided by agency whistleblowers, a group of insiders that included senior immigration officials.   both the driver of the car and the driver of the truck were not injured.   both the human djs and the computers will be hidden from view of the dance floor, rockmore said.   "both the mother and the unborn child did receive gunshot wounds in this incident which caused the fetal demise," coroner dr. jeffrey rouse said in an email.   both the organization and the workers become trapped by the linearity of metrics and processes in which a prescribed input should produce a predictable outcome.   both "the truth" and "secrets" are great for parents, grandparents, older siblings and teachers to establish lines of communication with the tweens and teens in their lives.   both tracks are solid and will surely benefit further from lush remixes to come.   both u.s. and british governments were notified ahead of the strikes.   both vehicles then caught fire.   both were extraordinarily productive, despite their call for what may today be seen as slacking.   both, we're told, are finally maturing as things of true value for humanity.   both were tracked using geocoding.   both were transported to moore county jail.   both were wounded during the operation.   both women died at the scene miles east of albany.   both women later went home to washington, mills said.   both wrestlers were representing the dodge county middle school grappling warriors.   bottermann added that torrential rains were among these extreme weather phenomena, which are palpable evidence for climate change in central europe.   bottled fiji water often costs at least $ at a local store or $ in a hotel room.   bottle of gin. acting ornery and agitated. pulling the door closed. putting the car in gear.   bottom line if you are eager to maximize your productivity on a mac with a text expander and shortcut tool, typinator is a powerful piece of software.   "bottom line is, you need a common standard so you have a level playing field," said copeland, who now works at mclaren global sports solutions on issues involving integrity in sports.   bottom line whether you want to create basic presentations for school or more sophisticated ones for work, with office hd: presentations you can do it in a timely manner, without any serious usability issues.   bot was particularly critical of surveillance by us intelligence agencies.   boudreau is now lending her support and voice to two organizations trying to combat radicalization.   boudreau says the shediac department had firefighters on scene and another from the dieppe, cocagne and haute abougajane fire departments.   bouier said they can access police records back to january , when the department started using its current records-management system, to analyze patterns.   boulerice says there has been no discussion of a similar idea in whitehorse.   bower, , has spent more than years on death row for killing four people in in a deal to buy an ultralight airplane.   bowery boogie reported earlier this week that in addition to the handles shutter, four pinkberry outposts have closed up shop, including the once hotly-anticipated dumbo location.   bowles has made frequent references to knight during his news conferences, starting when one reporter asked two weeks ago about his low-key, unflappable demeanor.   bowman said a nearby construction worker heard the shots and came over to help the victims.   bowman told reporters he's not aware of the mounties looking for specific information, but that it was a broad request that may fall under solicitor-client privilege.   boxed has about workers right now.   boxing clever's harper said while jared's weight loss story was a perfect marketing vehicle to appeal to americans, there's plenty more people who can fill his role.   • box office: including re-releases, the six films have taken in $. billion domestically and $. billion globally.   boycotts will also have a negative impact on the numerous zambians (from lodge owners to craft vendors) who depend heavily on tourism for their income.   boyd found the feeble fox in her barn where she keeps horses.   boyd says the pictures of the bodies piled high from the time of liberation by the british army in will never lose the ability to shock the viewer.   boy scouts by the numbers photos : the number of presidents that have served as honorary president of boy scouts of america.   boys have been kidnapped.   boy was i wrong.   bp agreed in july to pay a record $. billion to settle all federal and state civil claims.   bp ultimately sets aside $ billion to pay for cleanup costs, damages and penalties.   bradenberg used technology to make it appear as if the threat was coming from s&t, but was actually posted from st. louis, s&t said.   "bradley and nathan joined in. she and bradley were talking and kissing."   bradley and tiukhtyaev lifted off from japan last sunday morning.   bradley homered twice and doubled three times saturday, becoming the first player with five extra-base hits at fenway park since cleveland's lou boudreau in .   brady has authorized the player's union, the national football league players association, to appeal the suspension.   brady has insisted he played no role in a conspiracy to deflate footballs below the allowable limit at last season's afc championship game.   braeden came up with his recipe idea using the required usda "myplate," which illustrates the five food groups in a simple way.   brampton fire was called to the scene on binder twine trail, near williams parkway and chinguacousy road, just before p.m. the house was fully-engulfed in the flames when they arrived, and was spreading to homes next door.   branchez, "cuenta": you might recognize the producer branchez from his screwball remixes of popular songs like rihanna’s "stay" and rhye’s "open," but this new song is percent branchez.   brandis said there would be safeguards for minors and limitations on questioning that was "unreasonable."   brandon, , is now in a music duo with his wife, leah felder, the daughter of eagles guitarist don felder.   brandon and i are taking care of our healthy, little baby girl, eva james jenner.   brands that seek to make deep connnections with their consumers, aim to make these connections personal, and personalization requires rich insights into individual needs, preferences and motivations.   brauer said he's already taken his new concerns up the chain of command to ask for an adjudication, but would like to avoid going to court again.   brave because, well, i could've succumbed to my fear and, as my friends might tell you, easily distracted myself with social activities for the rest of my life.   brazilians vote using electronic terminals that have braille on the keypads and that have cut the tabulation time from a month to six hours.   brazil orders tough jail sentences in petrobras corruption scandal .. in a corruption case surrounding brazilian oil company petrobras, former treasurer of the ruling workers' party, joao vaccari, has been sentenced to more than years in jail.   breaking news on the service has a life cycle of about an hour or two before the collective moves on to another topic.   breaking the pattern may blames ideological motivation for the former conservative government's record of deporting people.   breaks in sedentary time should be an additional measure on top of purposeful exercise, he said by email.   breast and obstetrical ultrasounds are dealt with differently and are booked in a timely manner, she says.   breast implant revision surgery increased % in and, according to an article in allure magazine, "insiders say most of these women are exchanging their old implants for smaller replacements."   breathing was difficult through masks.   brenda f. greene, () - bgreene@websterbank.com see more news releases in journalists and bloggers visit pr newswire for journalists, our free resources for releases, photos and customized feeds.   brennan: we're not ruling anything out until the investigation is concluded.   brennan williams pop culture editor, the huffington post new orleans native lil wayne is adding his name to the growing list of public figures sharing their thoughts and memories on the year anniversary of hurricane katrina.   brent crude, an international benchmark, was down cents at $. in london.   brent crude futures were last up percent at $. a barrel.   brent crude - the international standard - fell as low as $. (. euros) a barrel at one point, the lowest it's been since december .   brent crude was unchanged at $. a barrel.   brent hill noted that when doctors talk of a percent survival rate, it’s a reference to the fact that percent of children diagnosed with it live at least two years.   brent settled $. higher at $. a barrel, after tumbling to an april low of $. a barrel.   brent, the international benchmark, moved .% higher to $. a barrel.   brett miller: bmiller@seattletimes.com. view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   "brian friel was our hero.   brian nowicki of the center for biological diversity said brown is conflating dead trees with wildfire risk when there isn't a clear connection.   brian schweitzer: when asked by time if he would be a better candidate for president than clinton: "well, i think so, of course.   brian williams' apology isn't silencing the story who is american woman held by isis?   "bridge of spies," to be released oct. , stars tom hanks as a brooklyn lawyer tasked to negotiate the release of a captured pilot.   'bridge program' according to greek finance ministry sources, athens plans to propose a bridge program to cover its funding needs until it can negotiate a replacement for its bailout program, which would come into force in september.   briggs & stratton corporation today announced that its board of directors has unanimously elected jeffrey r. hennion as a director of the company effective upon the conclusion of the board meeting held today.   brigham young university ever find yourself standing in front of an open fridge at in the morning with an unmistakable urge to cram cold chicken, layer cake and what you hope is leftover meatloaf in your face until your mouth can't hold another morsel?   brightman said that, for personal family reasons, her intentions have had to change, and she is postponing her cosmonaut training and flight plans at this time," reads an update posted today to the english singer's website.   brilliant scientists los alamos is a paradise, and at the same time, it's the place where the first weapon of mass destruction was developed.   brill, speaking at a recent european institute breakfast in washington's cosmos club, added, "it is kind of like the abortion and gun-control debates here wrapped up in one."   bring water and snacks. : a.m. june . sponsored by the susquehanna trailers hiking club. --.   bristol has asked the court to prevent berman from working for astrazeneca for twelve months and to prevent him from using the company's confidential information at any time.   britain has its red line, the u.s. has its red line, france, germany," the official said.   britain's prince charles and camilla, duchess of cornwall, are coming up on their th wedding anniversary.   british defence secretary michael fallon, speaking alongside le drian after they held talks, said he was "equally concerned" by the russian buildup in syria "which will only complicate what's already a very complicated and difficult situation".   british foreign secretary philip hammond also tweeted: "deeply shocked by appalling attacks in paris tonight.   “british people do not want immigration,” britain first leader paul golding said.   british pop legend elton john (l) has called for a boycott of dolce and gabbana after one of the des …   british prime minister david cameron, who won a surprise majority at a national election earlier this month, has promised to renegotiate the country's relationship with the eu ahead of a membership referendum by the end of .   british scientist cathie martin has developed the modified tomatoes and hopes to eventually sell them as a juice in the united states.   british think tank the new economic foundation (nef) has proposed a -hour week as the basis of a new working model with greater emphasis on staff well-being and sustainability.   british transport police confirmed the death is not being treated as suspicious.   brito looked to sabmiller shareholders for next steps, saying he hoped they would voice support for it, and urge the board to engage.   brit's experience has especially taught her the importance of attention to detail.   britt actually worked on the role of guard during the offseason, so it wasn't a total shock to him when he was asked to move to the interior of the line.   bro : "like, i went upstairs, and they were like, 'what are you doing here?'   broad and clearly worded laws, including the fourth amendment, are being undermined by a raft of quasi-legal documents, most of them too long, narrow, and boring to read—that is, if anyone were allowed to read them in full.   "broadband lock up plans are locking out competition," the broadband coalition, an industry trade group representing some of the smaller providers, said today in a statement.   broadhurst's suspension means jeremy thrush and blade thomson will form a new locking partnership for the hurricanes, who have won their first four matches of the season.   brokers who advertise overseas as agents who can help procure visas for wealthy investors have repeatedly been accused of defrauding those foreigners who put up $, in the hopes of obtaining a green card.   bromell of the u.s. and de grasse of canada tied for third, with international association of athletics federation saying both were clocked at ..   brooke shields enjoyed a laugh beachside at the iberostar playa mita in riviera nayarit, mexico on nov. . kim kardashian and kanye west leave cipriani in nyc on nov. . victoria beckham arrived at gare du nord from london for a one-day trip to paris.   brookes took the dancers out of the common context of ballet rehearsals and performances.   brossett introduced an ordinance earlier this month to give hutson the independence that she had been seeking.   brown asked for privacy for his family.   brown called the measure “a very important milestone,” and said it will help the state as it is “reaching toward greater equity.”   browne has claimed that fryberg was never served and argued in the motion that the information should be included because the officer is dead and he can't be questioned at trial.   browne said the slogan for stella's circle is "hope lives here," and she is hoping this sign will remind people the holidays aren't just about shopping and gifts.   brown lawns, fallow fields and higher water bills are all the predictable outcomes of the california drought.   brown said he wears the uniform out of respect for his colleagues and to help represent the state police.   brown says her mother's case was twice rejected by the protections of person in care team.   brown, the daughter of houston and r&b singer bobby brown, died after suffering irreversible brain damage in a still unexplained january incident at her roswell, georgia, home.   brown town muddy water documents winnipeg's early indigenous music scene full episode back in the s and early 's, along the main street strip in winnipeg, music flowed from every hotel doorway.   brown was dissatisfied by his team’s performance in the tigers’ scrimmage win over franklin county two weeks ago, and since has been working on correcting any deficiencies in practice.   browsing documents works fine, but i encountered a number of hiccups with editing — having to tap buttons multiple times to get them to work, or sometimes, in the case of sticker comments, failing to post them at all.   bruce chambers is a syndicated advertising columnist for cbc radio.   bruce jenner involved in fatal wreck photos the accident closed a stretch of pacific coast highway in malibu.   bruce jenner is separated from his wife kris, and has been living in malibu four cars in total were involved in the collision.   bruce springsteen married patti scialfa in , the year their daughter, jessica, was born.   bruce then struck out, and byrd popped out.   bruins , rangers boston (ap) — johnny boychuk broke a tie midway through the second period, and boston scored two goals in the third to beat the new york rangers and take a - lead in the eastern conference semifinal series.   bruno mars and the red hot chili peppers perform during halftime.   bruza said jules beckhorn told him in weight room office on april that damon was being recruited by berwick.   bset forms the basis for two additional methods of embryo selection, which have been gaining in popularity: preimplantation genetic screening (pgs) and closed embryo incubation systems with time-lapse photography.   btc offers a full suite of ultra-modern landline, broadband, mobile and soon to come, television services.   bti has been a pioneer and innovator in research and product development using indigenous medicinal plants as raw materials in jamaica.   bt reckons it will get £.bn of "revenue synergies" from the deal - that is, selling mobile contracts to its broadband customers, and broadband deals to ee's mobile users.   btw, coach – jim palmer had a nice breakdown of why ackley is struggling tonight on the masn broadcast using his first ab.   buccio said authorities were having some success persuading migrants to apply for asylum instead.   bucharest, romania (ap) — romanian prosecutors have arrested a district mayor on charges of taking bribes and money laundering, the latest high-level figure to face corruption charges.   budak also says some landscaping was removed at fairfax and highway when the project widened lanes in that area.   buffett and his second-in-command, charlie munger, were fielding questions at the annual shareholder meeting.   buhari, , took over as head of africa's biggest economy and most populous nation in may and is keen to tighten government spending to reduce a yawning deficit caused by a slump in global oil prices.   building on the well-known, highly accurate and rigid ybm machine structure, the new vi features a symmetric bridge-type structure, resulting in ultra-high precision when making heavy cuts.   build rapport with families but children who've survived war will not start telling you their personal experiences immediately, said mbalu lumor, manager of community engagement at canadian centre for victims of torture in toronto.   bulgarian police said no explosives were found.   bulldozers are still building roads.   bulls , celtics , ot pau gasol had points, rebounds and five blocked shots, leading chicago to a win over boston.   bundesliga: gonzalo castro holds dortmund steady .. gonzalo castro's performance was pivotal to borussia dortmund's victory against stuttgart.   bundesliga matchday in pictures .. what a humdinger of a bundesliga afternoon.   bundesliga matchday in pictures .. there was drama at theboth top and bottom of the bundesliga table on matchday . relegation-threatened freiburg, for instance, gave themselves a huge boost with an upset over bayern.   bundhun worked at sittingbourne memorial hospital “she says she didn’t say no but didn’t feel capable of saying anything because she was not in control of herself because of the medication she was taking.   bunning said davis would be released only when she agreed to follow his order.   bunty fatally stabbed his american wife erin w. willinger before killing himself in agra, the city that is home to the taj mahal and where the couple married in october, police said saturday.   buono died from a heart attack in .   burger, , has won five of tests against the all blacks, while mccaw has won of tests against south africa.   burger chain shake shack, which got its start as a single hot dog cart in new york city, plans to raise up to $ million from an initial public offering of its common stock.   'burgers are so old.   burggraff says team strength lies with receivers.   burial will be in wesolowski's native poland.   burial will follow in the portageville cemetery.   burned forest appears brown and unburned forest is green.   burnham criticised “circling the wagons against jeremy’s campaign” as party stalwarts neil kinnock, tony blair, gordon brown, alan johnson and david miliband all joined to raise the alarm over the prospect of a corbyn victory.   burning man is, i'm told, intense.   “burns played in the test summer last year, was unlucky not to get into that ashes squad, and now there is another chance for him to come back in,” rogers said.   burrows was critically injured in the shooting and flown to ruby memorial hospital.   " burtt says when he helped launch his company three years ago, their biggest customers were film and television producers.   burundi's civil war pitted rebel groups of the hutu majority, including one led by nkurunziza, against what was then an army led by the tutsi minority.   burundi was elected as a member of the geneva-based human rights council just weeks ago.   buses are replacing trains between benning road and eastern market, making all intermediate station stops.   buses collected them from the roadside overnight and delivered them more than kilometers ( miles) west to the austrian border by dawn.   bush added, however, that "he'd compete everywhere," and that "there's no fifth place mentality in my mind."   bush and wisconsin governor scott walker, on the other hand, are among the candidates who have set up political organizations with the ability to raise unlimited amounts of money.   bush claimed doubts about lucas's guilt in the case for which he was to be executed.   bush did something uncharacteristic: he interrupted, with the decorousness of a bush," the times writes.   bush has yet to formally launch a campaign, but has been among the most aggressive would-be candidates in recent weeks, having launched a fundraising operation and attended a series of private meetings with donors across the country.   bush is being treated at maine medical center, the state's largest medical facility, where a children's hospital is named for his wife.   bush laid out key elements of his tax overhaul framework in an opinion article posted on tuesday for the wall street journal, a day before he gives a speech outlining his plan in north carolina.   bush said that they're going to have to change, and change fast.   bush's comments were well-publicized at the time, and have occasionally popped up in coverage of his presidential campaign since then.   bush shattered fundraising records by deploying his family's fundraising network to collect $ million for his super pac.   bush's plan would eliminate the requirement to u.s. taxes on foreign-earned income, and repeal most business tax breaks.   bush's willingness to go after trump in recent weeks appears to even be filtering into his own assessment of the race: "we will win and when we do we will restore america's greatness again," he said seeming to channel trump's key phrases.   bush talked with reporters in new hampshire about the local franchise in miami, and how he really likes to cook up his own mexican food at home.   bush thinks the comments were inappropriate, and they have been deleted at our request," she said.   bush: we improved -- we improved -- trump: i know, but why did you say it?   business developer.   businesses are reporting they are unable to process imports or exports, with days of inventory left to fuel production.   businesses could ask for consent to allow data to be transferred, make their servers in the u.s. more secure or move them to europe, or draft new legal contracts.   businesses possess the capital, jobs, infrastructure and new technology necessary to help reshape the development landscape for the better.   businesses with more than employees who do not offer their employees coverage must pay a fine.   "business has been great.   business leaders already have a moral duty to ensure that their profits are not built on exploitation.   businessman willie wilson had . percent, nd ward ald.   businessweek, for example, only began enlisting readers in the last year to seriously influence our story selection.   busy with football this fall, he barely has time to make choir practice, but the sounds of bishop dunne gospel choir is a club he enjoys.   but d insist they're not splitting up and instead want to focus on solo projects.   but about homes in the town of arnold were damaged, hundreds more were damaged in eureka, and dozens more were damaged in pacific.   but abramson concluded it's "by no means clear" that more formal clemency proceedings in other states have enhanced a condemned prisoner's chances of being granted clemency.   but according to a gao report issued on thursday, the ssa staff has frequently bypassed established tracking procedures or provides limited oversight that have led to billions of dollars of unwarranted “overpayments” to beneficiaries.   but administrative law judge marc berger found that quizhpi-tacuri failed "to use due care to avoid colliding with a pedestrian," and held him responsible for cohen eckstein's death.   but a few streets over, everything has collapsed into rubble."   but after all, to me she was not a nice person.   but after a very exciting season of matches against caribbean countries and bigger teams such as usa, mexico and costa rica, haiti was unable to win the three matches needed to secure a spot to the world cup.   but after being caught overcharging some customers in new york and california - by selling products incorrectly labeled for weight - it lands on the "naughty" list for .   but after days of debate, the groups said late on wednesday they had not managed to agree on a leader and would "take different paths in respect to the matter of a presidential candidate".   but after driving south towards baghdad, is then turned its attention to the kurds, pushing them back toward their regional capital arbil in a move that helped spark us strikes against the jihadists.   but after this summer’s fifa women’s world cup title, rostering women in the game may create a growth opportunity for ea.   but again, that's speculation, hearsay from his roommate," haith replied.   but a hole-in-the-wall thai restaurant with authentic cuisine?   but a lot of abuse victims thought the play was years too late, he added.   but always from the safety of his regular seat on the back row of the labour benches.   but an agreement was struck between finance minister moshe kahlon and histadrut chairman avi nissenkorn just three hours before the walkout was set to begin.   but a new study proves the practice also puts monkeys at risk of picking up internal bugs, gastrointestinal parasites.   but an octopus has no such rhythm in its coordination, the researchers said.   but any prospect of significant cooperation was extinguished months later when then us president george w. bush dubbed iran part of an "axis of evil, arming to threaten the peace of the world".   but a political row between kiir and his sacked deputy machar descended into fighting inside the country in december , often along ethnic faultlines.   but a presidential campaign is not for the faint of heart, and "we should respect them for persevering, however remote the odds should be," he argued.   but a recent message from nra executive vice president wayne lapierre to nra members makes clear where the group stands.   but a remarkable amount of its energy is devoted to creating an alternative, idealized version of itself online and shaping how that virtual empire is perceived.   but as air quality improves, the fire's behavior could become more erratic and intense, fire officials said.   but as cbs news correspondent d..   but a second superstition soon followed.   but, as he demonstrated during an interview with his late show predecessor david letterman, he can now tuck that ear inside itself, and pop it free at will.   but as his -yard touchdown run neared completion he slowed down a little and was nearly caught.   but aside from obvious bugs, there's a bigger problem: itunes needed a revamp, not more features.   but asked in november if he would veto a repeal of the medical device tax, obama said, "let me take a look comprehensively at the ideas that they present."   but ask most americans to name their top three formula drivers and you’ll be greeted by stumped expressions.   but as much as we'd like to get this done quickly, it's more important to get it right," will stelle, regional administrator of noaa fisheries' west coast region, said in a statement.   but, as naomi conrad reports from cairo, amid a climate of intimidation and repression, many are boycotting the elections.   but a spokesman for the state department, mark toner, insisted that simply trying to find ways to avoid the forces bumping into one another in the war zone does not imply a renewal of military ties.   but, as prince-bythewood says, the studios should open the door for women who are in love with film and with storytelling.   but asset managers with good records of evaluating future asset class performance, such as grantham, mayo, van oterloo (gmo) in boston, think international and emerging markets stocks are cheaper than u.s. stocks currently.   but as someone who's been trying to make a three-pointer while standing still for the last -something years and failing every time, i can't help but be impressed by the ease with which curry makes the shot.   but as speakers at the transport forum in leipzig have noted, it is ultimately the responsibility of governments to provide and promote viable alternatives to conventional travel.   but as technology advances, its becoming harder and harder to do.   but as the rest of life moves online, so, too, do real estate sales, in ever more expensive offerings.   but as voters get to know him, he said, he expects to win them over precisely because he is the “anti-mainstream” “anti-status quo” “anti-incumbent” candidate.   but a tall life-sized portrait hung prominently above her living room mantel -- a young man in a confederate uniform and with a sword.   but at least he’ll be able to say he went down fighting.   but at least part of that brand has thus far suggested her support for the lgbt community.   but at present the e-cigarette industry is not regulated, and so there is no long term data to reassure users about the safety of the products.   but at some point, their mother got into a drug treatment program and eventually the girls went home.   but at some point the seahawks must find that next wave of young players to remain successful.   but at the end of that season, penniless ebbsfleet were relegated back to conference south.   "but at the end of the day we can't keep thinking about results," she said.   but at the heart of give me your skin is our deep female-male friendship; emphasising the notion that the best remedy for men feeling trapped by their masculinity is to learn from their fellow humans, women.   but at the same time, i have nothing to hide.   but at the sight of a child in a wheelchair close to the security barrier, the -year-old argentine pontiff got out of the car and walked over to bless the child.   but at the un, he signaled that the church was not ready to champion transgender rights, an issue of growing importance in the united states as gay equality becomes mainstream.   but australia is required to finance it entirely," pandjaitan was quoted saying in the jakarta post.   but australia will take some comfort in losing -, rather than -, in captain michael clarke's last test.   but basically, the multinational corps is supposed "to show that we can do it."   but batman’s going to have to put aside his animosity toward his uninvited guests because he’s about to have his first run-in with their deadliest enemy, shredder!   but because the judge didn't explicitly order the schools open, the school district says it will keep them closed.   but, behind closed doors, hegedus says her message will be clear.   "but being the gentleman farmer that he was, he started to offer help.   but beneath feldheim's lone street runs a network of electrical cables and heating pipes powered entirely by renewable energy.   but beyond that, i didn’t know much.”   but beyond the tough talk and calls for action, there was little indication of how leaders intended to escalate the assault on the extremist group.   but boehner could point to almost nothing else that happened on his watch, because the tea party would tolerate nothing else.   but brazilian financial daily valor quoted chinese ambassador and former vice-foreign affairs minister li jinzhang as saying that the "overdependence on commodity trade could not continue and needed to be transformed" on a wider scale.   but buckett says that doesn't mean that they are being rushed to ivf.   but bullets are not the 'silver bullet,'" ban said.   but burying the lab a mile deep in the earth is the only way to shield experiments from the interference of the sun's cosmic rays, she said.   but by analysts expect india to become the world's third-largest passenger vehicle market after china and the united states.   but by last year, that dropped to nine states.   but by then the buyer had walked away.   but, by the time that microorganism invades all the organs and takes over, your dog is really at risk for death,” adams said.   but cabell county ems director gordon merry said the problem is now spreading to all corners of the county.   but californians are trying hard to conserve their water.   but canadian medical authorities are far from assigning such a high efficacy rate to the drug.   but can you find your next home in time to move once you sign?   but castro later delivered a searing defense of venezuela at an emergency meeting of leftist latin american governments called in response to u.s. sanctions levied on seven venezuelan officials last week.   but celebratory beans (and cornbread, another part of the tradition) were not the only element that carlson added to the countdown.   "but certain people choose to interpret islam in a way that does hold women back.   " but china is aiming for pole position in the knowledge economy, not the sweat shop economy.   but chon said park placed her name on shell companies and bank accounts for uwaydah and attended weekly meetings where the doctor and others discussed ways to hide his assets from insurers, creditors and law enforcement.   but christopher enns, who runs a halifax medical marijuana shop, isn't sure the anticipated new laws will change much for him.   but church said staying in a boarding home without her partner for the remaining weeks of her pregnancy is not an "emotionally safe" option for her.   but collins said chimp haven only has slots open right now.   but conservative support has risen compared to , when just percent of the party believed that trade pacts boost the u.s. economy.   but consumers are wary and lack confidence in governments' readiness to regulate this new class of food product, researchers and activists say.   but cooperation, interaction and a networked approach are missing factors.   but critics of the boundary dam project argue that it doesn't effectively address environmental concerns because it justifies the burning of fossil fuels.   but croatia’s interior minister, ranko ostojic, insisted that the opposite was true and slovenia was dragging its heels in accepting people quickly enough.   but cutting out all carbs isn't.   but daragh mcdowell, principal analyst on europe and central asia for risk consultancy verisk maplecroft said: "the kremlin will want to minimise the adverse publicity arising from combat or other losses in terms of the russian domestic audience".   but day’s spokesman said he did officiate weddings for straight couples between may and september of when he stopped doing weddings altogether, with the exception of one for a straight couple in march of this year.   but delta airlines told kabc, a cnn affliliate, that it needed to get o'leary's plane to new york's la guardia airport for flights later in the day.   but deluca’s mournful singing is solid, and “watch what happens,” the typewriter ballad for katherine (stephanie styles), is easily the best of the new tunes.   but democratic rival hillary clinton, who is trying to use the climate issue as a wedge against republican candidates, praised obama's plan and said "i'd defend it."   but democrats complained that a number of these temporary tax breaks were designed to give a short-term boost to the economy and would lose their punch if made permanent.   but denniston created his own website and blog last month, saying he would begin posting items there about the high court while continuing to write for scotusblog.   but descriptions of the other two deaths at the marathon and the death of a police officer at the massachusetts institute of technology will come soon.   but despite a bank of canada rate cut earlier this month, the business outlook is still lacklustre.   but despite brady's own circumstances, he offered no advice for manning.   but despite the new measures, earlier officials stressed that the country would still accept refugees through its official border crossings.   but did you know..   but differences over the tactics used are already emerging.   but dissent within the agency was widespread, said the first government source.   but does going to dreamforce count?   but don't come home with leftovers."   but downsizing is harder than it looks.   but, do you know where the majority of news discovery comes from?   but dr. gupta can be very persuasive and convinced me it was important because it might, in some way, educate others.   but due to the fact that we're dealing with people with disabilities — some of them multiple barriers or disabilities — we're not able to get those numbers."   but during holt's third and fourth weeks on the job, the gap has been ,.   but during our time at gw, they do so much more.   but during winter storm juno, new yorkers showed us that they're warm-hearted people who've got one another's backs.   but each of these spectacles offers its own special kind of st-century circus experience.   but ebay’s also kept it on a live- within-your-means budget, which has only tightened since the announced restructuring.   but economic conditions for people in the rest of north korea remain dire, according to international human-rights groups.   but energy industry advocates said the revision makes obama's mandate even more burdensome, costly and difficult to achieve.   but equally important is taking responsibility for creating a just peace in a post-war syria.   but euro zone chairman jeroen dijsselbloem immediately warned that a plebiscite could further delay the implementation of reforms and hence the aid disbursements.   but even as interest rates plunge, money held as debt also becomes worth more so borrowers crack under its weight.   but even as the pnp factions lock horns on the issue, there is the feeling on the ground that east portland has not got its opportunity to shine because of poor political leadership over the many decades.   but even at what was considered the th-best restaurant in the world, guests would sometimes ask a question that almost anyone who works for tips has been asked before: "so, what do you really want to do?"   but even bush supporters acknowledge that he needs to improve his game.   but even if the government doesn't bail out every floundering business but leaves them at the mercy of the market, there is unlikely to be a property market crash such as the one that hit the us in the last decade.   but even in a city that has seen more homicides than sunrises this year, the -year-old’s killing was its own kind of horror.   but even kant, who bore no particular affection for animals, acknowledged that "he who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men."   but even skeptics like shakya acknowledge that "without its intervention, the disparities between the development in tibet and in china would be even greater."   but even stripping qatar of the cup would prove difficult.   but even there, on the cusp of innocence, the lacey bodice is transparent, leaving valli to strategically place stars and hearts to conceal nipples.   but eventually, a man driving by on another road saw her.   but eventually, as hiring increased and economic growth strengthened, more consumers replaced their old clunkers.   but even with her shocking appearance, her will to live was palpable.   “but even with the music, subliminally it’s crowd noise.   but every day prices are going up," she said.   but everything changed in when, crippled by back pain that forced him out of a tournament in florida, he underwent back surgery in the form of a microdiscectomy.   but experts say china lacks direct access to the afghan taliban and relies on its clout over pakistan.   but experts say this lawsuit is bringing up a lot of interesting issues.   but fatigue is a real thing.   but fears about the health of the chinese economy buffeted global stock markets this month and pushed prices of oil and other commodities lower.   but feldman doubted whether silver's arrest would make the situation much worse, since most voters are more focused on bread-and-butter issues.   but first the sculptures, made in south wales, have been shipped back and forth to scores of artists in locations from dorset to aberdeen.   but for years before the storm, the organ’s unequaled power and tonal range represented the pinnacle of the art form, ball said.   but for asylum-seekers, it's an interim home.   but for all that, it is continually exploited.   but for all the wrong reasons.   but for a republican to win, the gap in party membership means their voters need to show up at a much higher rate than democratic voters.   but for as rich as this city is, what’s notable is how little money there is in city politics.   but for barry zito and tim hudson who were both apart of the "big three" in oakland.   but for lebel that "is a desperate, local response that will only delay things.   but for many irish fans those eyes were filled with tears after argentina secured a deserved - win at the millennium stadium in cardiff.   but for me, working in the garden has been a healing place.   but for shaalu, who only gave her working name, aids budget cuts and condom shortages are a double shock - she last received her , rupees ($) monthly salary for promoting safe sex as a "peer educator" in april.   but for the time being, it seems like the us has quieted down.   but for this event, the calgary philharmonic orchestra accompanying the film with a live full orchestra!   but for those of us who hope and expect to talk more openly about sex with our children than our parents did with us, should we consider sharing our own sexual experiences with them?   but for us it did impact our profits."   but franklin says that in many cases, the desire to change jobs doesn’t arise from such an unexpected jolt, but is more insidious.   but free file alliance members have struck individual agreements with states and the district of columbia that do allow for free filing.   but friends say it's hard to believe espinosa and vera, an activist who had organized protests in veracruz, would be tortured and killed because they simply were in the wrong place at the wrong time.   but geoengineering researcher andrew lockley isn't convinced by the stat, saying "that would require an extraordinarily broad definition of abuse".   but, getting more done in less time will give you more time to focus on whatever it is that really matters to you.   but going one step further, for me personally, i think elastigirl is one of the greatest mom characters to ever grace the screen (live action or animation).   but good character can also be used to describe someone who refrains from going to the pub in order to revise or finish their work project.   but groups appealed and a county hearing examiner in february ruled a full review was needed.   but gun lock requirements and smart guns have been vehemently opposed by the national rifle association and its allies.   but half of the wealthiest schools were state schools, led by the universities of texas, california and michigan.   but happy to move onto the next adventure.   but harris said it's irresponsible to blame the deaths of officers on anti-police protesters or those spouting strong rhetoric.   but harris said that the trial comes to an end in mid-november, potentially putting a question mark over the use of the vaccine beyond that date.   but have you fallen into the habit of overpaying by buying more house or car than you can afford?   but hawkins got a tip from someone he calls “an insider” that brett was going to play in a road game against the angels; he was able to get to anaheim, where brett had a four-hit day to reach the magic number.   but, he added, it is unrealistic to think the gulf will help him restore relations with the west.   but he added that none of the searching ships had detected any "pings", the locator signals the black box should transmit after a crash.   but he added the parking enforcement officer wouldn't have known the circumstances and has to follow the law.   but healey had one very unlikely admirer: margaret thatcher.   but he also told delegates that on "this issue of illegal migration of boat people, you cannot single out my country.   but he, and his writing, are full to brimming with whatever you can think of as antonym to rot.   but he at least hopes biello will be in the job for at least the next three years.   but he became enraged after the kennedys cold-shouldered him over alleged ties -- long a matter of dispute -- with the mafia, and sinatra by the s grew close to ronald reagan.   but he cleared cnn's threshold for tuesday.   but he concluded that the alleged victim was not reliable either, so it could not be proved beyond reasonable doubt that mr wong really did what was alleged.   but he doesn't plan to have the australians take the same approach.   but he found a swing thought on the practice range saturday morning and hit the ball so well that he shot despite missing four putts inside feet.   “but he had a huge game because of the guys up front.   but he had also become wary of what he saw as athens' efforts to stoke resentment, particularly following the unflattering caricatures of him printed in leftist greek newspapers.   but he has not named the exact date yet amid uncertainty about the outcome of the negotiations and when they will conclude.   but he implied they were there to help the assad regime, adding: "if it's a matter of pouring gasoline on the civil war in syria, that is certainly not productive from our point of view."   but he insisted iran should not face especially far-reaching measures.   but he keeps his private life largely to himself and there are very few pictures of baziana.   but he left an -foot birdie putt woefully short on the th hole, came out of a -foot birdie putt on the th hole and left another birdie putt from about feet short on the next hole.   but he lost favour after the invasion when much of his information regarding saddam hussein's alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction and links to al-qaeda turned out to be false.   but he must sink his putt to extend the playoff.   but, he noted, prosecutors don't believe tutko intended to kill the boy.   but he noted, "volatility is not something that's sustainable."   but he only spent about a year there.   but he predicted two challenges ahead.   but he probably shouldn't have treated it like a pool full of liquor and dived in it.   but her campaign miscalculated the staying power of the issue and the various investigations it would spawn.   but here's why the commercial is disingenuous and hypocritical.   but he revealed: "the umpires threatened to make it incomplete.   but her experience shook her confidence.   but her younger sister vesla and their friend shyama rose were still within the -year limit.   but he said solving the problems is going to require a broader political movement that addresses problems like poor education, drugs, absent fathers and limited job opportunities.   but he said that he believes the “resolution of this matter at this time is in the state’s best interest.”   but he said yassine labidi was one of the two gunmen killed at the museum.   but he says how the team manages those distractions is what matters most.   but he's definitely not seeing this feminazi agitprop after what he saw in the trailers: charlize theron kept showing up a lot in the trailers, while tom hardy (mad max) seemed to have cameo appearances.   but he struggled last season, collecting six goals, one at even strength, and assists in games.   but he was extremely cautious about handing over distribution to a third party and being subject to its decisions on how to prioritise content.   but he was just a gun for hire on that movie and has "no power over that."   "but he was just better."   but he was never able to move up the ladder in indy cars, and instead made a move to nascar that initially shut the door on his chances to race at the brickyard.   but hines died young, at fifty-seven, of liver cancer.   but his downbeat, measured tone was in contrast to lavish praise for the agreement from pragmatic president hassan rouhani and his western-educated foreign minister, mohammad javad zarif.   but his eagerness to find some area of compromise with republicans in the form of trade policy risks undermining all his other plans.   but his physical state "is not really good."   but his potential candidacy is coming as a surprise to many in a country that has been roiled by the war in syria next door and that has seen major efforts in recent years to reduce longstanding syrian influence.   but his struggles with difficult questions about governance have made that confidence harder to credit.   but home and business owners who spoke at the meeting appeared to be firmly opposed to the proposal.   “but honestly, the ph in most of these beers is similar to a white wine and we don’t say sour when we talk about wine.”   but horizonal scrolling should be limited as it forces you to have to constantly swipe across the screen.   but how did it end up in the state?   but how does the data know where to go, and can it get lost or stolen along the way?   but how important is singapore to india?   but how seattle uses graham figures to be under the microscope all season.   but how to achieve it is a different matter," masamichi told the associated press.   but i am afraid that my short time in kashmir was rocked by a dangerous pattern of military curfews and city-wide strikes.   but i am sure that the porsche engineers will find an appropriate solution.   "but i, and many other yemenis, feel a deep sense of pain when we see the destruction of our heritage, places that we want to share with the world.   but i can do them so quickly; it's very little time investment.   but i can tell you that not only do i not support legalization of marijuana, it is not the position of the department of justice currently to support legalization, nor would it be the position if i were confirmed as attorney general."   but i can't imagine that this will be the last we hear of the issue..   but identity is precisely why the countless contributions to the american story, economic and otherwise, by anyone not white and male go largely unheralded in our collective historical memory.   but i don't think the government will bring that change, i think it will come from the private sector," he was quoted saying.   but i don't think you want me to determine what's good and what's bad."   but i don’t want to be the biggest,” he said.   but i felt if i made a nuisance of myself i could help the team.   "but if i could predict that, i would have won the powerball last night," doody said.   "but if i hadn't have got into golf, i would have pursued a career in motorsport."   but if less vehement, the rallies sunday possibly matched those of two years ago in scale.   but if looking for company means looking for those more miserable than yourself, remember that they will only be there on those bad days, feeding you a bleakness that you don't need.   but if pope francis were a teacher in the united states today, what would his appr (annual professional performance review) rating be like?   but if the canadian energy industry wants to get a piece of the future, they must gently push the pro-carbon dinosaurs to the sidelines and celebrate their technological advantage.   but if the central bank continues to raise rates without seeing higher inflation or an earnings pick-up, that could dent stocks.   but if the stem-cell process proves viable, the foundation will consider helping commercialize it, howell said.   but, if the video had not reached the target, the spokesman said that - "in theory" - the firms would have grounds to bring a civil case for damages.   “but if you don’t do anything and a fire starts and burns everything down, then you’re not blamed.”   but if you recognize either them or their vehicle, you're asked to call the johnson county sheriff's office.   but if you're over , claim to be a punk, and haven't heard of the screamers, then you, dear, should go back to bellevue, as we liked to tell posers in the 's.   but if you spend much time on facebook, instagram or tinder, you've seen this guy or someone like him (ahem, justin bieber or james franco) -- a dude so enamored of his own looks that most of his photo posts are selfies.   but i have a feeling they're much like going to a taylor swift concert.   but i have to expect that my papers would be confiscated in moscow immediately, and that they would harass my family.   “but i knew, i knew the energy level … the speaking, the traveling, the trying to do other things, to help other people — i enjoy doing it, but the thing was, i felt it was time,” said ryan, his eyes appearing to well up with tears.   but i’ll be there on thursday.   but i’m a certified public accountant and a small business owner and my company serves over small business clients too.   but i'm always willing and ready."   but i’m definitely not somebody that just goes on after every game and checks it out.   but "i misread the signs," she admits.   but i'm not driving.   but i'm really good at looking at a contract and finding things within a contract that even if they're bad.   "but i'm sure he's a little amped up here with his relatives coming down from north carolina."   but in , the republican record will matter.   but in all fairness, we also need to get rid of the notion that the police can do no wrong, that it is a-ok for the cops to beat the living tar out of anyone they think has dissed them.   "but in all of this we were partners in the building of our country."   but, in an attempt to bolster his electability credentials in a general election, he also pointed out that he won a majority of independents in his re-election bid last year.   but in an earlier document, haggen reported that albertsons’ starting bid for haggen’s northeast fourth street street location in renton was $. million, while its opening offer for the first avenue south store in burien was $.   but in an interview with burnley tv on monday, which dyche claimed was necessary to "give a balanced view" on the game's events, the burnley boss defended barnes' tackle.   but in an interview with dw, party leader cem özdemir explained why not every asylum seeker can stay in germany.   but in a press conference, lieutenant john mccarthy told reporters there was no evidence of a kidnapping or a physical altercation.   but in a sign of the mammoth challenge ahead, the eu issued a stern warning to greece that its place in the eurozone would be at risk if it failed to meet its austerity and debt commitments.   but in a statement released at the time the video emerged, the club said it supported criminal action against whoever was responsible, saying "such behavior is abhorrent and has no place in football or society."   but india's quest isn't likely to succeed for many reasons — including the fact that there are more than types of yoga now practiced in the west.   but india versus pakistan has also been a moment to bring the two countries together.   "but in general it appears it is very much in line with something we've been urging for quite some time, which is greater involvement in the campaign to combat isil (islamic state) by sunni arab countries," carter added.   but, in his area, kaphle did not see any fresh buildings down.   but in jesse kriel and damian de allende the springboks have a young and talented midfield combination.   but in reality, america would be zero without our folks and our families.   but insisting that someone did not consent -- when she asserts she did -- sounds a lot like insisting that someone did consent -- when she says she didn't.   but, in spite of the millions of dollars raised in venture capital and scaling quickly to a huge audience, traditional real estate brokers are still hanging in and prospering.   but in the clowns must come for reasons only clowns and composers know.   but in the end, not even the most advanced sensor technology that apple could obtain or design was good enough to perform all those sophisticated health-monitoring functions.   but in the last decade the "wild thing" hasn't prospered in the blustery environs of pebble beach on the monterey peninsula in california.   but in the meantime, here’s a closer look at some of the leaked images: more in technology investing pandora: still confident of position as leader paypal’s dan schulman aims at millennials’ wallets will the gogoro be the tesla of electric scooters?   but in the new economy, everyone should set what i call a failure ratio.   but in the nzz interview, blatter explained he had changed his mind -- "as everybody is entitled to" -- after circumstances changed, a reference to a number of football associations asking him to go on.   but in this case, the opposition alleges government reneged on its commitment.   but in truth they love saying i told you so.   but, in what would turn out to be her pivotal moment as a soccer player, the new jersey native reached out to coach james galanis, who went on to become her personal coach and mentor.   but i point out logically that this all started with an article in that turned out to be completely inaccurate and was retracted twelve years later," he said.   but islamic scholars accused the group of violating religious law and cherry-picking from religious verses to justify their brutality.   but is will be acutely aware of this very public debate and will very likely look to "punish" britain in the way it has already targeted france.   but it all changed in game two of the season when tucker was pressed into the role of quarterback following an injury by starter brett burnett.   but it also calls for something quite novel, which the government should have done the moment it dug out of the financial crisis: what they term “simplifying the institutional structure.”   but it also gives the public a false impression: they don't get a sense of the conveyor belt fashion in which the vast majority of criminal trials are conducted.   but it also has , subscribers to a weekly email blast, , facebook followers, nearly , twitter followers and more than , instagram followers.   but it also responds to scalia's speculative comment that it's not "a good thing for the university of texas to admit as many blacks possible," which misrepresents the school's position.   but it became such a part of peoples' routines that it could not be removed.   but it came at great political cost.   but it comes at a price.   but it estimates that the change won't save the program any money for the first years, but would result in some cost reductions after .   but it felt different, i was running for pride.   but i think if we continue to play with effort, energy we played (with) and great communication, really get dialed into the calls that we have over and over, i think this can be a good defense.   but i think it can good for oregon if they grow from this.   but i think that amos yee is not doing himself or his family any favors,'' she said.   "but i think the officer is going to get off."   "but i think what they want to see immediately are the indicators of a new way of doing business."   but it is also, as some doctors say, a form of "muscular meditation."   but it is also out to offer value.   but it is an exception.   "but it is a relief," he added, "and one step closer to closure."   but it is true that many influential, seemingly authoritative players, from alan greenspan on down, insisted not only that there was no bubble but that no bubble was even possible.   but it is unclear how much of north korea’s limited financial resources have been put into improving the lot of the majority of its citizens who are not fortunate enough to live in the showcase capital.   but it may have been stone, , of lajes air base, azores, who took the biggest risk.   but it must not come at the expense of our integrity, our relationships with europe and our own interests.   but it never made it to broadway until now.   but it nonetheless will amount to an international recognition – in an expected vote by the united nations security council – that iran has the right to produce nuclear materials that have aroused security concerns.   but it once came much closer continue reading the main story an alien star passed through our solar system just , years ago, astronomers have discovered.   but it provided one last opportunity for the parties to show indigenous peoples that they are committed to a relationship built on foundations of respect, justice, and recognition.   but it quickly becomes evident that he has a formidable adversary in the bolshoi’s new general director, vladimir urin, who has been brought in to clean up the mess.   but it remains heavily dependent — critics say too much so — on the coyotes for traffic.   "but it requires extraordinary effort to sustain such rapid growth and transformation."   but it's actually a nebula with a giant star at its center.   but it's also more than just some usb stick that you carry your office documents around on; this thing's a genuine pc (assuming you've got a keyboard and mouse to go along with everything).   but it's also often a way to deny workers fair pay and equitable treatment.   but it's an education that al-shabaab is trying to prevent the children from obtaining, according to ndonye.   but it's a way to lend a hand to his family," organizer romain jumelet told french television.   but it's been that way from the start.   but it's far from over.   but it's hard on the players.   but it should be noted that one of the shareholders suing the government over fannie and freddie, hedge fund manager bill ackman, has brought his case in federal claims court in washington—the same court hearing the greenberg case.   but it’s noteworthy just because so many investors didn’t even bother to look at the balance sheet — and in fact, box priced above its initial ipo range despite the obvious risks, then popped % on its first day of trading.   but it's still kind of a big deal.   but it's the characters from de niro's jimmy conway to the ill-fated billy batts who fans just can't seem to let go of.   but it's the halo halo fries that really caught our attention as they'll come topped with sauteed pork, japanese kewpie mayo and bonito flakes.   but it’s the potential hazards to life and limb that really concern him.   but it's time to spread my wings and look forward to better things.   but, it's too late to save the store.   but it's wrong to assume that a few hundred more american troops will solve the internal friction between the shiites, sunnis and kurds, long added.   but it turns out that there's an unspoken mutual consent underlying that enterprise.   but it was his head’s up base-running that tied the game at -.   but it was korczak's bitter end that created his lasting legacy.   but it was replaced when the inspector arrived to do a follow-up inspection on dec. . ichiben corrected the violations and has a green placard posted at its entrance.   but it was the fresh-made tagliatelle, in a spicy tomato sauce with clams, shrimp, octopus, and eggplant, that commanded seconds and thirds.   “but it will be interesting to see what happens now between her and reece.”   but it will have helped mr kuroda that japan is no longer the only developed country locked in a tryst with mild deflation; oil-price falls have affected several economies.   but it worked out in the end."   "but i've got a lot of bills to pay."   but jay davis who plays gabriel, became ill and lost his voice just before the first preview show.   but jeff bezos's original vision - the everything store as it was described in a history of the firm - has been realised in spades.   but jindal's recently-released tax plan might just take the cake.   but john lennon, who wrote the lyrics, always maintained that it was inspired by a picture drawn by his five-year-old son.   but, jordan was optimistic on the overall outcome of the event.   but just hours after setting up her first facebook page on sunday, hillary clinton had stormed to , likes and more than . million video views.   but just as a movie, a video game or a good book can be fascinating, without any pretense about being real, pepper is fun.   but just as much as darnell nurse and leon draisaitl, there's excitement there that future nhlers are in the lineup."   but just as some were calling for his head, and seemingly from nowhere, the team has produced two jaw-dropping performances, without several big-name players, to back up march's - win over bitter rival mexico.   but just because it’s the city that never sleeps, don’t expect it to be open on sundays.   but just because we're involved and we have a strategy doesn't mean we're going to be able to dictate the outcome.   but ken richards, a former member of the higher education funding council for wales, backed the university's london move.   " but klacansky says that's not what happened.   but ladue doesn’t seem to have any real grievances.   but la familia fled to the neighboring states of guerrero and mexico, where it now fights other regional gangs for control of the lucrative and growing heroin trade.   but last friday's presidential “no” to the ,-mile ( km) pipeline out of alberta's oil sands may signal more than just a single, if remarkable, win for environmentalists.   but lately - the company has been destroying more wealth than creating it.   but lately there have been portents that the old queen is reviving, and so who’re you going to call?   but later this year, the british government plans to introduce draft legislation dealing with encryption -- in the hopes of stopping the next teenage terrorist.   but lawmakers must still pass detailed spending bills parceling the funding to different portions of the government.   butler had six steals to go with his points, gasol scored points and grabbed rebounds.   butler is releasing policy mid-march.   but lester, who teamed with lackey to win three games in the world series as boston vanquished st. louis, wouldn't bag another out as two rookies provided sudden one-out insurance.   but lest that seem an overly harsh indictment of the united states, moore also seeks to remind us that many of these admirable ideas originated in america in the first place.   but let's assume the figure is accurate.   but liberty island did not seem to be rising very quickly.   but, like any tech productivity tool, it has an associated learning curve: basic usage: - hours, intermediate: - hours and jedi proficiency: - hours.   "but like i said, the culture that they've created now, the guys take a lot of pride in it, they're taking pride in our country and i just think it's fantastic."   but liu yiqian has stunned the art world by setting a new benchmark in the incredible buying power of wealthy chinese investors with his us$. million purchase of amedeo modigliani’s reclining nude.   but local thai media reports have said the suspect flew on to turkey rather than china.   but looking beyond those attention-getting, and avidly photographed, chiseled torsos, one could find references in the prints to new york's chrysler building, to new york waterway maps, and also to gargoyles from the tops of buildings.   but louisiana-monroe could do nothing on offense in the opening minutes.   but mani challenged the attempted suicide charge, citing the country's history of hunger strikes.   but manipulation and murder are two different things.   but many new york subway riders will not likely soon get over the irony.   but many they said they were thankful to see another christmas.   but, mario has a few tricks up his sleeves, and you can see what the mustachioed plumber has in store for luigi by watching the video below.   but marks says coleman remains committed to sodo and isn’t seeking alternatives.   but maru's popularity is worldwide, with . million followers on instagram.   but matthews says drilling on an island is safer than drilling offshore.   but maybe it doesn't matter: the reboot is trying to become a story of fame and identity in the internet age, and the series' broader conceits might just help it get there.   but mayor john tory warned that if the company can't deliver, it may not be doing business with the city in the future.   but mcilroy didn't flinch when rodgers drained a -foot putt on no. to pull within three shots of the lead.   but meadows says one idea he and others have discussed is to specify that that resolution not be subject to a filibuster in the senate.   but midazolam's anesthetic properties are facts of a different sort, because they transcend the particular legal dispute and could recur in other cases with different parties and issues.   but money-saving expert andrea woroch in bakersfield, california, said recent statistics show percent of people who join don't use their memberships at all.   but more generally, one is fiction, based on a stephen king book, and the other is real.   but more important, walker said, is grinding it out on the trail, meeting voters one by one.   but more than % of the operation will be shut down or cut back if money is not received immediately."   but most importantly, look beyond pure financial issues.   but most markets around the world are trading in negative territory.   but most of the network's productions, with names like "without breasts there's no paradise" and "cartel of the snitches," tend to follow more sinful story lines that are popular with audiences but often criticized as inappropriate.   but mr lightman, general secretary of the ascl head teachers' union, said the proposals were "muddled".   but mr nkurunziza's supporters argue that he is entitled to another term because he was first elected by parliament in - not voters.   but mr schumer said that after "deep study, careful thought and considerable soul-searching" he had decided to oppose the agreement when the senate votes on it in september after the summer recess.   but much has changed at wilberforce over the past decade.   but mulally has reorganized the company around the world car and, after the fiesta, plans global versions of several other models.   but muniz also said he lost something else with his arrest.   but national hug day, which some cuddly folks like to celebrate on january , is a chance to spread love around.   but navy region hawaii spokeswoman agnes tauyan said the program was running behind, and the preble didn't sound its whistle.   but neither is relying as heavily on iowa as walker and some others are.   but nevertheless, they are more like islands and are still working as individual areas," hildebrand tells dw.   but new hobbyist sellers, desperate for clicks, often price their products so low as to make real profit an impossible dream.   but nike and under armour both have sizable wholesale channels, in addition to their own stores.   but nobody can exonerate himself from the laws of the land," she wrote in a letter.   but nobody knew who any of the other guys were," al michaels said on a conference call this week.   but no candidate on the gop side of things is rising as high as donald trump, who surges to % support in the latest cnn/orc poll.   but no hard numbers, or even plans, were apparent among xinhua's reporting on how beijing will deal with the country's economic challenges.   but none has demonstrated that its exploitability — the ability of a perfect human player to beat the machine — is as small as the program designed by bowling's team.   but none of the girls abducted from a school in chibok town were among them.   but, nope -- that's not usually how it works, people.   but not all beer names are devoid of meaning.   but not all food parcels are the same.   but not all topics were on the table for discussion.   but not everyone makes that transition.   but not everything in the drugstore giant’s aisles is healthy for your wallet.   but not having the properties would be costly as well.   but nothing beats official numbers, and so far apple is being unusually tight-lipped when it comes to sales.   but not with this article.   but now, years later in her modest new orleans mid-city apartment, she explains why she believes the death penalty re-victimizes people.   but now, actually, the situation has changed so that we get a remittance and after two or three weeks, we get paid.   but now, as they both compete for business-minded republicans and similar donor pools, christie has started to paint bush as a washington insider.   but now, bud, lollipop, margo, ronnie, william and valentine have all found new homes.   but now he's the -year-old he was always meant to be with a big brother role he relishes.   but now it’s a shell game," iovine said.   but now it's gone -- the original image, at least.   but now mall management is having a change of heart after receiving some hearty customer feedback, usa today reported.   but now, scientists led by edward archer, an obesity researcher at the nutrition obesity research center at the university alabama at birmingham, are asking which is worse: inaccurate data or no data at all?   but now, the china securities regulatory commission has started letting mutual funds invest through the "stock connect," boosting trading volume.   but now we don't call them, because they hurt us.   but now we have technologies like flash coming along, and customers can see new opportunities and the chance to use storage to take advantage.   but obama can't hold a candle to bush when it comes to self-mockery.   but obama repeatedly does so after shootings -- saying britain and australia, for instance, had passed gun control laws to prevent new massacres.   but obama's visit is also geared toward displaying solidarity with alaska natives, who face immense economic challenges and have warned of insufficient help from the federal government.   but officials heading water agencies in the two states and california took a wait-and-see approach to the projections posted by the u.s. bureau of reclamation.   but officials say recent water samples show no health risks for athletes.   but olmstead says she would have liked to know what the outcome would have been.   "but once we do, we'll be working hand and glove with them to make sure that the work that we've been doing for the past couple of years is helpful to their eventual campaign."   but once you're within five to years of actually pulling the trigger on retirement, you want to get a more accurate sense of how much you're likely to spend after the paychecks stop.   but one expert told the bbc the number of victims was much higher, as ticket fraud is "massively under-reported".   but one official told the afp news agency: "their activities were being monitored since a long time.   but one of the dogs followed him home, snapping at his legs and trying to bite the surviving poodle.   but one of the goal's targets is to halve the number of people living in poverty according to national definitions by .   but on his return to vienna, faymann warned that the "hotspots" would not be ready in time.   but on tuesday, social media rallied around the actor after he revealed that he is hiv-positive.   but on tuesday, the shares fell as much as % at one point before staging a huge comeback in the last half hour of trading to finish the day up %.   but orbital has been on an extended break from space travel since october th, , when the company's uncrewed antares rocket exploded in a fiery nighttime display, just seconds after taking off from nasa’s wallops flight facility in virginia.   but other residents support the idea of the city saving money wherever it can, even in the fire department.   "but others don't get their children back."   but others note the paradoxes: environmental degradation alongside unspoiled areas, a history of poor education that for decades didn't preclude high-paying jobs, an away-from-it-all feel partly caused by a lack of good roads and other infrastructure.   but other terrorist leaders have followed in his wake.   “but our plan is just to go week-by-week, getting better, and that’s what we’re going to do.   but over the years, flooding, excess tourism and neglect have contributed to the deterioration of the site, according to experts.   but people may be wearying of the series in its current form.   but peotter is not backing down.   but perhaps most egregious was brown's placement in solitary confinement for days -- well over the days the u.n. special rapporteur on torture has concluded constitutes torture.   but pete carroll has thrived in a traditionally autocratic sport through a positive coaching style.   but petersen keeps referring to his quarterback “plan,” which to those parsing his words indicates that he might use more than one qb — a notion he certainly didn’t discourage.   but police cruisers can get beaten up pretty badly, and it's far from certain the hybrids can stand up to patrol duties on a day-to-day basis.   but policymakers seem not to have taken a single step closer to a solution.   but prati expects shoppers are likely to use in-store pickup and online fulfillment options as an alternative to facing crowds at a store in the run up to the holidays.   but proceed with caution, urged dr. jennifer ashton, abc news' senior medical contributor.   but pro-democracy legislators, who hold percent of the seats, have said they would veto the screening proposal.   but putin didn't intercede in syria to help barack obama.   but putting together a championship fantasy team clearly involves more skill than rolling a pair of dice.   but raffi cavoukian, the children’s singer best known for ’s baby beluga and ’s banana phone, is spending his th year on a fervent quest to parlay his modest fame into defeat for stephen harper’s conservatives.   but rather than risk losing jackson for nothing, the thunder used him as one of the pieces to fill out their roster.   but recent data speak a different language.   but recently, largely missing from the bounty are the biggest draw: a rainbow-hued array of starfish.   but recent years have not been kind.   but regional rival iran this week warned that the saudi conference would breach declarations made by both sides in vienna seeking a list of mutually approved opposition groups.   but rents and property values have skyrocketed.   but reports said it included eu demands for a boost in some sales taxes and cuts in spending.   but republicans say rubio may be able to overcome his immigration challenges.   but researchers from the alfred wegener institute say the seas are changing irreversibly, meaning bad news for the world's species.   but residents of hawaii, most of arizona and some u.s. territories didn't have to change their clocks; daylight saving time is not observed in those places.   but reuters quoted a diplomat from a psc member country as saying they had "authorized the deployment of a ,-man force."   but rohingya have fled western myanmar's rakhine state in the thousands -- bound largely for malaysia -- in recent years to escape sectarian violence and discrimination in buddhist-majority myanmar.   but ron rovtar, a real estate broker with cherry creek properties in boulder, colorado, says that he would recommend you first go to your agent.   but rose's mother, a social worker, had been called back to new orleans for work and wanted their son there.   but russia denounced the outcome of the un vote as "a strategic error."   but ruzow said the hopi relocation has been problematic since the beginning because of the site chosen by the relocated families.   but ryan, r-wis., also told nbc's "meet the press" that he was willing "to work with this administration to see if we can find common ground on certain aspects of tax reform."   but said tourists were dressed up themselves.   but says monitoring online activity is much more complicated with the introduction of mobile phones.   but scoring remains an issue — the rams are st in scoring at . points per game.   but security threats continued to grow around the world, and u.s. forces were now also engaged in a long-term fight against islamic state in iraq and syria, he said.   but senate democratic leader harry reid cautioned that disagreement continued over the energy provisions.   but, seven seasons in, lcm is still trying to find a balance between commerciality and creativity.   but shadow foreign secretary hilary benn told the same programme it was the conservatives that were being "ideological" and the recently re-privatised east coast line had shown that publicly-owned rail could work.   but she added that "progress has stalled," and that the labor force participation of u.s. women has dropped from seventh out of advanced nations to th.   but she did admit that she's a bit more reserved than some other politicians out there.   but she has an immediate challenge ahead of her: getting her university degree.   but she has found partners across the aisle, including barbara boxer, one of california’s two democratic senators.   but she has reservations about where the story of the bellas could go.   but she is confident spain will not be directly affected - as long as the right party is in power.   but she is trying.   but sheriff joe arpaio's stubborn streak is catching up with him — and taxpayers will foot the bill.   but she says the public reaction to hunt's remarks highlights their rarity.   but she urges people to stop "assuming that all veiled women are oppressed."   but she was also smart and funny and could play a mean mouth bow.   but she won't be parted from the jewel for long: an honest fireman who found it is returning it to her.   “but she won’t need to worry about if the book is going to sell or not, she can just write for the enjoyment.”   but shockingly, our elected officials do not appear to be on the same page.   but similar thinking is happening elsewhere.   but simmons has shown that he still has the skipper's touch while morris has settled in nicely at third.   but since appearing in the london paralympics' opening ceremony and going on to star in a number of advertisements, he says he has overcome the lack of confidence he suffered as a child and believes fashion can do the same for others.   but since it was a cop just maybe they decided to give some attitude for excitement in public.   but since that time, unfortunately, it doesn't seem like much has really changed.   but since the ingredient is not "fundamentally changing the form," he said the ingredients are still within fda guidelines of permissible color sources.   but since then, apple has rolled out a new photos app with much cheaper storage, and google and flickr have jumped in with more generous and full-featured photo services of their own.   but since the nominations were announced birdman has been coming on strong winning a number of guild awards.   but since then the party's popularity has surged, not diminished, and sturgeon argues that support clearly shows scots want a sea change in british politics that listens to their aspirations.   but so far, little has happened and there are no new initiatives to reunite the people of the diomede islands with their relatives in russia.   but so far there have been no reports of is damage to the ruins or antiquities in palmyra, which is known locally as tadmur.   but some are unhappy with the way they are being treated during their final days with the company.   but some critics say the government is using a sledgehammer to crack a nut.   but some defense officials have said they have broad concerns about the impact of such a change.   but some of his rhetoric about islam on the campaign trail — including his call to monitor mosques and his proposal this week to temporarily bar muslims from entering the u.s. — has led to increased wariness in the arab world.   but some of the money trump’s campaign spends is used to reimburse him: his largest expense in the last filing period, $,, was on a company he owns, tag air, which controls the fleet of aircraft he uses to fly to all his events.   but someone in the store had doused the flames with a fire extinguisher before firefighters arrived, and the fire was small enough that it did not trigger any sprinklers, fire officials said.   but some people wouldn't mind risking the occasional delay if it meant getting the best possible listening experience, and this is something that most every other streaming service already offers.   but something seemed out of whack.   but some viewers who loyally followed the show feel so betrayed by the latest plot turn, they say they'll never watch again.   but somewhere along the line, it all fell apart.   but soon, many countries—led by china and the u.s.—elbowed in, making deals with the fractured political infrastructure to gain access to the country’s oil.   but spies rejner wants to go a step further: the travel agency even provided six exercise videos to invigorate men and women's sex drives.   but starting wednesday, a day after a jury was selected, the focus will shift dramatically from the legal process to the harsh reality of what happened that day: the explosions, the screams, the chaos and the blood.   but still, it's clear that we are increasingly comfortable watching video in our hand.   but stoffel's quick actions weren't enough to save her daughter olivia and her husband, johnathon, . adam bentdahl, , an unrelated appleton man, also died.   but strip away the rhetoric, and republicans and democrats are not as far apart on fighting is as it may appear, say some observers and lawmakers in congress.   but such complacency is misplaced.   but suddenly portugal is a little bit kinder place than it was a month ago.   but superior court judge stephen a. marcus said he could not evaluate the credibility of witnesses at a preliminary hearing.   but taking them away from a series that always had them is a decision i don't think will sit well with a lot of people.   but taller towers and bigger turbines are unlocking new potential in the south, according to the u.s. department of energy, and the industry is already looking to invest.   butt believes the law strikes the right balance between freedom of expression and protecting groups from hatred.   but telling the same story onscreen was a challenge, partially because the young actor was not told the more distressing parts of the screenplay.   but tensions were renewed after the death of a black man in baltimore who suffered a spinal cord injury in police custody.   but thanks to a $. billion cut in its fuel bill, american reported friday that it earned a record $ million.   but that can all change in a round in which she and her co-star have to name the play that inspired these celebrated big-screen adaptations.   but that cost, which is a few hundred dollars, far outweighs the fines and repair bills.   but that didn't stop carmen and shannon wampler-collins from successfully walking out of the rowan county, kentucky, clerk's office with a marriage license in hand.   but that didn't stop us from beating them."   but that difference disappeared when the researchers considered weight, race, education, health insurance and other factors that can influence frequency of medical visits.   but that doesn't mean it shows where "el chapo" is or reveals when the picture was taken.   but that doesn't seem likely.   but that gender gap is closing, according to recently published research from the center for retirement research at boston college.   but that is a story for another day -- for the queen, this record-breaking achievement is merely a milestone, not the end; she continues to carry out a full and unrelenting royal schedule.   but that isn't happening, entz said.   but that is something very different than a troika that is beholden to nobody.   but that kid came out, the little royal kid came out, and they went through the opening, which was like cloth, and he went outside, and there must've been , people and it was just air.   but that matter still has mass, and therefore gravitational effects, pope added.   but that may be enough to preserve their narrow majority in congress, partly due to divisions among rival parties.   but that message doesn't seem to be getting through.   but that occurred for a good reason: hundreds of thousands more people sought jobs in may, and not all found them.   but that person is very much on the minds of her family and friends, who are anxious for the murderer to be captured or turn him- or herself in. "i don't understand why you took her life," said jessica sayre.   but that product went through the hands of many firms before it got to us.   "but that remains to be seen.   but that's a function of how much we know about genes and disease.   but that's not for lack of trying, lombardi said.   but that's not their goal immediately.   but that's the way i feel in my body."   but that's what our governments were trying to do.   but that was eventually revised to just a .% decline and was followed by a brisk .% pace in the second quarter.   "but the gang-rape case hastened the legal changes."   but the -piece guitar juggernaut from nashville had built up their chicago fanbase with multiple trips through town on their last tour and the group did their best to melt the frost with the heat of their overdriven amps.   but the agency beyoncé took in displaying, flaunting, concealing and using her body onstage and onscreen differentiated her from other female performers who have seemingly been positioned as scantily-clad puppets selling itunes singles.   but the appeals court said the faa has always had discretion on how to handle issues such as portable electronics and was free to change its interpretation of the rules.   but the art of mixology is flourishing here in the city that never chugs, and those who remain steadfast on the path to a beer gut are missing out!   but the biggest advantage that the active has over the regular handset is that it is shock, dust and water-resistant.   but the big winner was cuba gooding jr., whose performance as rod "show me the money" tidwell earned him the best supporting actor oscar.   but the biles didn't share their backstory until years later.   but the boy’s family stopped macintosh and took the abuse to police.   but the case is similar to a court battle won by survivors of st. anne's.   but the challengers in this case argue that texas must primarily look at the total number of eligible voters in the state.   but the companies are also subject to accounting quirks that can make earnings volatile.   but the company never provided specifics.   but the concerns raised by school districts may not be too far-fetched.   but the continued glut is starting to discourage that strategy.   but the converse side of that is i don't really want to see dudes kissing.   but the danger with this sort of thing is to let it go on forever."   but the deaths -- of rahman, of roy, of haider -- have emboldened the movement, rather than chill them into silence.   but the defence countered that cormier had a right to defend himself on his own property when eldridge showed up with a metal pipe.   but the detroit facemask penalty extended the game and the packers pulled off the miracle.   but the diversionary maneuver, if indeed that's what it was, ultimately had consequences that not even maassen himself had considered.   but the driving, three-chord instrumental progression was maddeningly memorable, as were the song's opening lines, delivered with just the right amount of rebellious if slurry snarl.   but the embassy of saudi arabia in washington said in a statement wednesday that zacarias moussaoui's claims come from a "deranged criminal" and there is no evidence to support them.   but the enquête investigation shows the situation varies from region to region and the quality of service is inconsistent.   but the established nature of concrete and steel means that clt will not replace urban building materials overnight.   but the expectation is the irs won't see a big bump up in funding, if any at all.   "but the expo is here and it will be very beautiful," he added.   but the falcon 's work will not end after sending dragon on its way.   but the familiarity i find is the one i find to be sad.   but the fantasy becomes a nightmare when they discover the dead body of an unknown woman in the loft, and they realize one of the group must be involved.   but the fate of , migrants was still uncertain after talks in brussels on monday.   but the fence is behind schedule.   but the flavors are intense and unusual.   but the floodgates wouldn't remain closed for long.   but the folks at twitter had better start thinking hard about what that means and how they are planning to get there.   but the free-fall was more than enough to get investors' attention.   but the g never actually said that renewables will be the energy source of the future.   but the generator has since been repaired and is back in operation.   but the governor and state legislature without another moment’s delay must also take action on the age at which children can be placed in adult jails as the governor's commission on youth, public safety and justice recommended.   but the greatest of these is love."   but the greek minister disputes the interpretation.   but the greens have promised "tough negotiations" if approached to form a coalition, and warned that the spd should not expect to deal with pushovers.   but the group said it hopes the university's decision will inspire further ecologically focused sentiment and legislation.   but the guidelines don't recommend that the students copy a particular teaching or verse, stoll said.   but the guitarist's daughters alleged that king's personal assistant myron johnson and toney gave him medication to induce diabetic shock.   but the iguanas that recently arrived at shedd tell another story of how research can unexpectedly benefit wildlife conservation.   but the implant offers a way to attack cancers that are deeper in the body and thus less accessible to injections.   but the incident has also led to a newly found freedom.   but the influx of money would help reddit’s overwhelmed managers keep up with the site’s growth.   but the injury didn't completely ground her.   but the interior affairs spokesman in merkel's own christian democratic (cdu) party wolfgang bosbach said the csu's demand was not a majority view among conservatives.   but the involvement of ministers and senior officials from outside the department of health raises many questions about this style of administration.   but their ability to overcome the mistakes, against a team loaded with playmakers, bodes well for a stretch drive, despite the devastating news that tight end jimmy graham has been lost for the season.   but their opponents insist the campaign to retake anbar is on track.   but the islamist insurgents have since lost most of their gains to military counter-offensives.   but the kiev military said rebel attacks were continuing to test the ceasefire across a wide area of the east including near mariupol, on the sea of azov, one of the last big towns still held by the government.   but the king's students' union says it has no faith the school will refrain from raising fees if that option is available.   but the law requires that an exercise be conducted to secure the signatures of seven per cent of the electorate in the municipality, he explained.   but the liberal islamic association welcomed özdemir and beck's intervention.   but the long-serving prime minister stayed in the job, as long as he kept the support of members in the third place progressive party.   but the madness that will plague him until his death is already evident, and villagers begin to distance themselves as he stops eating and bathing.   but the michigan appeals court reversed that decision last year.   but the montana tax appeal board said in a series of rulings in recent months that blixseth had failed to make his case.   but, then again, as said, "i already had smoke in my lungs".   but then beyoncé appeared on my television screen and spent the next several minutes extolling the benefits of a vegan diet.   but the ndp clearly has the wind at its back.   but the new jersey native wasn't front of mind, especially after her so-so performance in u.s. opener against australia.   but the news industry has been flipped on its head since then, thanks to the internet and smart phones.   but then his beard appeared, and his career as a serious actor took off.   but then, on jan. , , the montreal police confirmed paul had been assigned to lesser duties while he was being investigated, reportedly by the rcmp and another government agency.   but then people began entering his car from the front of the train, reporting gas smells.   but then there’s that weird pseudo-eastern-european accent, which makes every utterance seem strange and new, like you never quite know where it’s going.   but then things escalated, and he and friends found themselves going out to restaurants in white coats posing as record producers — and to jets games.   but then uncle sam would get less income from the tariffs.   "but then you have to take a chance to survive," muthoni said.   but the opposition, which recently lost power, and law experts say kaczynski's moves are unconstitutional and undemocratic.   but the panel noted that previous assessments from those in the military or the va minimized the health risk of exposure, often saying any agent orange residues on the interior surfaces could not have moved from their location and endangered humans.   but the performance also marked the moment where the seams on bieber's year of public penitence began to show, and it found him crossing the thin line separating genuine apology and robotic, unfeeling appeasement.   but the phrase, "dum spiro spero" is why i am encouraged about south carolina's future: it means "while i breathe i hope."   but the police seem to know very well who they are.   but the potential damage is worse.   but the president has also asked for patience in tackling the problem, saying indonesia needs three years to solve it.   but the quality of education deteriorated severely during five decades of military rule.   but the question isn't just whether someone appears in one of these databases, but also how current the information is.   but the railroad iron remains essentially glued together by mud and silt from the riverbed.   but there are dozens of provisions in the new legislation, so taxpayers need to get their records in order so they can claim what applies to them.   but there are signs the downturn could be nearing its end as the dollar rally fades, the supply chain normalizes after being disrupted by a labor dispute at west coast ports and business spending outside the energy sector picks up.   but the recent urban sprawl means some urban districts will have to shrink while seven rural newfoundland seats (labrador’s four seats are protected) will be expanded or eliminated.   but the recipe that made it into his cookbook, "ludobites," actually contains neither peas nor avocados.   but there is a hint of quiet skepticism within his certainty.   but there is a real risk that black lives matter activists will confine themselves to protest.   “but there is one area where i have done much thinking (as well as living it) and that’s the whole vexing issue of gay assimilation into the mainstream of american life,” he writes.   but there is still lots of room for improvement, according to the organization.   but the remainder of the ascent apparently went well.   but there may have been other boots and shoes in the cabin that were taken by the pair.   but the report is not the only issue dominating the headlines in israel.   but the request was not approved due to other planes above him on the popular route, according to airnav, indonesia's air traffic control.   but there's a lesson here for all of us.   but there's a lot more where d-printers could make a big difference.   but there’s little question that this unit will be remembered beyond the playing days of its stars, just as the great vikings, steelers, bears and ravens units of the past, among other elite defenses, still resonate years, even decades, later.   "but there's no happy ending to trying painkillers."   but the restaurant claims they make even more.   but there was a compromise.   but there was hope.   but there was no suggestion that bravo had verbally abused an opponent, with the icc statement merely saying match referee david boon had sanctioned him for using an "audible obscenity whilst batting".   but there was reference to an attack on police.”   but the risks are huge.   but the scholars' letter suggests his public contrition has not eased foreign misgivings.   but the scientific method is such that we have submitted a paper to a journal, the journal will consider it, then the community will judge," he told reuters.   but these devices shouldn't be considered just for meetings.   “but these exact same issues have been raised in other states and the courts have never invalidated charter schools because of them.”   but these felt different: they were not some self-important actor's hijacking the program for a personal agenda, but rather an acknowledgement of the very real conversations we are all having right now.   but the senselessness of the recent deaths has shaken the metropolis, becoming the topic of intense tv coverage, newspaper columns denouncing the violence and conversations in juice shops, cafes and cabs.   but the shake-up post-debate, cruz in second of , carson at , fiorina, her highest national poll showing of any survey i've seen, %, marco rubio tied with her at %.   but the signal may not be a "discovery" quite yet.   but the south african would press on to reach their target of runs without any further loss.   but the spirit of this area has been renewed by pope francis' visit on sunday morning.   but the state high court rejected that argument, saying the history of the law, the common understanding of the words, and the need for legal clarity required that the spouses must have separate residences.   but the stock is currently more driven by cloud computing services sold to companies.   but the team showed its limits in the champions league, losing - on aggregate to barcelona in the quarterfinals.   but the time to intervene in syria was , when there was no isis, and syrian president bashar al-assad was not supported by iran and russia, he said.   but the tourist-friendly bristol trail landed shaun in the middle of political row about the locations chosen - with a cluster around the city centre and the well-heeled clifton neighbourhood.   but the true meaning of the day is underlined by the continuing sacrifices made by u.s. forces in afghanistan and other tense areas.   but the tsarnaevs were not on the minds of most people in boston on wednesday.   but the two parties still overlap a great deal, leaving the outcome, if an election were held today, little better than a coin flip.   but the unit still finished second in the country in total defense and seventh in scoring defense.   but the un nuclear watchdog, the iaea, remains dissatisfied with unanswered questions on past possible military dimensions to the program.   but the war has regularly spilled over into lebanon, raising already existing sectarian tensions in the country.   but the workers who drive them are inevitably placed in harm’s way, “literally waiting to be struck,” said robert roy, president of royal truck & equipment inc. in coopersburg.   but they are going on with their normal activities despite the horror, dw's andy valvur reports from the french capital.   but they can also make it too easy to shop mindlessly from bed, waste time scrolling through facebook updates and put our private information at risk if we don’t take steps to protect it (see previous tip).   but, they cost more than $ per battery.   "but they don't think about the disability — especially if it's not paid for by the company — and that's your bigger risk.   but they have it all under control.   but they have made people re-evaluate when and where and if they still want to dip into the ocean.   but they're not having the desired impact just yet.   "but they're saying it wasn't them.   but they seem to agree that our furry and feathered friends do form strong attachments with each other - like the longtime mate of a female gorilla at a zoo in boston, massachusetts.   but this also was a place where my sister’s go-go boots and my brother’s “black music” drew unwanted attention.   but this balancing act has been difficult.   but this club has helped me greatly since i've arrived and i'm very happy here."   but this list was apparently made by the three uk schoolgirls suspected of traveling from london to syria to join isis, according to britain's guardian newspaper, which has seen the document.   “but this model of education is not likely to endure for decades longer.   "but this storm that hit yesterday, it was just so severe and so sudden."   but this time, those called to explain themselves were not just domestic opponents of last year's coup.   but thomas said it's highly unusual to have back-to-back accidents, including a death, in recent weeks.   but those companies don't reap direct revenues from the rides taken locally.   but those days are over — cleveland and king james reign supreme in the east.   but those public efforts have done little to calm the nerves of an anxious populace which now expresses little confidence the federal government can prevent the type of terrorist attack that transpired in california earlier this month.   but those six minutes are the first moments of the revenant, a hollywood blockbuster starring leonardo dicaprio, set to open in just a few days.   "but those who are living a life that is more or less without need, we don't know how to cry," the pope said.   but though their use has decreased, the weapons continue to be part of the rebels' arsenal.   but to focus on only a few front-runners is to neglect a huge portion of the g.o.p. presidential field.   but to prove a crime, the government would have to demonstrate that clinton or aides knew they were mishandling the information — not that she should have known.   but trudeau has taken a completely different tactic.   but trump also said in an interview with bloomberg earlier this week that he's friendly with young and even met with him at his office a day after seeing young in concert at carnegie hall.   but trump managed to alienate two of our strongest allies, the united kingdom and israel, with one campaign trail statement.   but tuesday was reserved for patients or their relatives from all walks of life: a mechanic, a tool-and-die maker, even the daughter of a doctor like fata.   but turnbull, who faced domestic opposition pressure to speak out on whaling, said the row should not be allowed "to erode the good will and the rest of the relationship".   but twitter needs to do more.   but two days before the vote, he was barred from participating in elections because of allegations of corruption, and leite stepped in to replace him.   but two minutes into the june launch, one of the struts in the second stage of the unmanned falcon rocket likely broke loose.   but two months later, he is full of paranoia and distrust.   but uganda offers some hope for the gentle giants.   but ultimately, buchanan says, it could be a big problem for his candidacy and republicans overall.   "but ultimately the restaurant that made your food has a responsibility to you to not poison you."   but unlike the major u.s. pork and beef producers that were sold to foreign giants in recent years, american fishing fleets must be percent u.s.-owned, according to federal law.   but u.s. and french intelligence officials lean toward an assessment that the paris terror attacks were inspired by al qaeda but not directly supervised by the group.   but usn president ahmed youssouf houmed said no progress had been made since signing.   but vattenfall's for-sale assets in the region are only worth about half a billion euros when costs to public health and the environment are factored in, greenpeace estimated.   but, victims still need to submit a claim within three years of the first symptom.   but "vmware isn't going away as a company."   but voyager was only programmed to play back its recordings for seconds twice a year.   but walk a mile in sin-dee's heels and you'll see the world differently.   but we are capable of it, and more than ready for the task.   but we are committed to doing it in a way that, unlike unfortunately what happened with stop-question-and-frisk—we will continue to try and do it in a way that is not alienating but, rather, gaining support for what we do.”   "but we are incredibly proud of ronda.   "but we believe the security forces will be able to regroup."   but we can't ignore the impact this transition is already having on mining communities, or the threat it poses to the healthcare and retirement security of coalfield workers and their families."   but we did, and here are our faves: learn how to bdsm for real many in the bdsm community (that stands for bondage, domination, sadism and masochism) find shades to be a wildly inaccurate portrayal of their lifestyle.   "but we don't know yet," she said.   but we have a bigger movement today; do not be mistaken," says eleanor "ellie" smeal, longtime activist and president of the feminist majority foundation.   “but we have a moral and ethical responsibility to give patients the time they deserve.”   "but we have one principle that stands above all: no deportation at any price.   "but we'll come back tomorrow early to finish our last hole.   "but we need to balance this with the needs of the vulnerable and the victims."   but we're going to have to move on."   "but we will see."   but what a thrilling two minutes!   but what concerns bugaj is not so much the growth rate but the relationship the polish economy maintains with the rest of europe.   but what does $ buy you?   but what do these police officers learn from seeing their actions on video and then being put on leave?   but what if a deal is made with greece?   but what if things don’t work out between mom and dad?   but what is el niño, and what impact will it have this time around?   but what is increasingly apparent is that riyadh's new rulers enjoy more scope to make dramatic and unexpected interventions than their predecessors did.   “but what is most damaging is the impact on our reputation as a competent implementor — we lost the public trust — because of a flawed, sloppy and misdirected process by the bureau of management.”   “but what is really going on is a sense of resignation.   but what is the economic return for nova scotia taxpayers?   but what thunderhead doesn't have at the moment is the kind of marquee customers who are big name, sexy companies who are willing to put the thunderhead name in lights along with theirs.   but when department of justice prosecutors announced the results of the u.s. investigation, in november, , they indicted two intelligence operatives from libya.   but when does a theme park ride stop being scarily fun and start being just plain scary?   but when i look beyond their great intentions at the real results that their organizations achieve, i find myself wondering whether this word 'passion' is helpful at all.   "but when it's becoming noisy, affecting the tenants' life, plus my property value, this has to be rectified.   but when it was discovered that vincent had exchanged notes with a male friend, the very foundation of her place in the family shifted violently beneath her feet.   but when it was over, he asked her to meet with him in chicago, where he offered her the cabinet position.   but when it was put into public record in the civil suit, the judge sealed the records.   but when jeb bush and hillary clinton arrived at the urban league conference in ft lauderdale on friday - the first time they have shared a stage since - only one participant was itching for a fight.   but when ronald koeman's side hosted arsenal on new year's day last season, it defeated the gunners - with a counterattacking performance.   but when the australian government proposed to bring in rules regarding plain packaging for cigarettes, the tobacco giant philip morris challenged it in court arguing that the law was a breach of the hong kong-australia agreement.   but when wolf ejected blue jays reliever aaron sanchez in the eighth for hittin alcides escobar, gibbons, donaldson and volquez were at the forefront of a bench-clearing fracas.   but, whereas the work of the original treuhand was accompanied by massive west german investment in infrastructure and large-scale social transfers to the east german population, the people of greece would receive no corresponding benefit of any sort.   but while considered unlikely, even that could slip by without a decision from the vice president.   but while it has recently made moves to advance its nuclear program, experts say it is uncertain whether it could realistically build an atomic bomb in secret or withstand the political pressure it would face if such plans were revealed.   but while passage of trade promotion authority in the senate is likely, the result in the house, where abe will be speaking, is less certain.   but while police now patrol the streets, its sunni civilians are worried about the future, apprehensive about the shiite militias that liberated tikrit and fearful the islamic state group could come back.   but while some boehner allies harbor visions of completing controversial big ticket items while boehner still wields the gavel, the likelihood of a brisk legislative schedule this october is slim.   but while the generational gap within the brotherhood has emerged as a challenge for its battered leadership, the problem is not exclusive to the group.   but while these are all considerations, there are other, more powerful arguments against such secrecy.   but while these "takedowns" are important, this approach can end up being akin to a game of whack-a-mole as accounts are quickly reintroduced under new names.   but who cares about going slow when there are waves to ride?   but why did so many men drown?   but why should we make it easy for them rather than being clear about where we stand from the beginning: patriotic and not nazi!"   but why would we say any different?"   but williams said saturday that she doesn't share wozniacki's love of running.   but will the latest move further embed it amid international efforts to uproot the group?   but with a video, you can't say it's not happening."   but with backup tarvaris jackson held out another week because of a sprained ankle, daniels stepped in and showed he can still handle the offense, running for yards and throwing for . “it was a blast watching him,’’ carroll said of daniels.   but within days, mohammad had gone at least as far as croatia.   but with iran apparently backtracking on key points of the emerging deal, the talks could go past the target date.   but with so many people looking for work, that competition has been tough.   but workers were not given the option to vote on that plan.   but would our decision have been as straightforward had we both been enjoying established careers?   but yeah, we haven't actually had the chance to film anything in chicago.   but yet again, the defense lapsed and melvin lewis was left open in the corner.   but you don't ask him that, you can't ask him that.   "but you don't want to take away the aggression from teams."   but you just gotta stay strong."   but, you know all of this if you've ever watched his shows.   but you list the exact location of where the recorder was hidden and you're posting pictures of the locations too.   "but you must keep work confined in some way, in however you define your workday."   but you're saying that if i do pace, then i am a little crazy."   but, you see, we all are voting in dignity and peace and i am proud," the outgoing interim president said.   but you've got to give it to the republican for doubling down, emblazoning the quote over a mashup of the iranian and israeli flags, adding his logo, and sending the graphic out from his campaign twitter account.   "buyers now don't seem to be all that spurred or driven by a rate increase," she says.   buying energy stocks selling energy stocks buying related stocks in other sectors riding it out not scientifically valid.   buy it on amazon.   buy the print » on march , , harroun returned to the consulate in istanbul.   buy this photo photo: brandon chew, the chronicle stephan curry holds the nba finals trophy high in the air during..   buzzfeed, in a june , article, says mr. percent was blazer's nickname.   b: why don’t you ask whether the shop has a cctv camera.   by : p.m., the "active shooter situation" was over, police tweeted.   by , turkish citizens formed the majority of guest workers in west germany and, while the invitations were initially meant to be temporary, only few returned to turkey because they couldn't find work there.   by canned tomatoes were in, and plenty of canned fruit.   by , marty jr. and marlene mcfly may well be it professionals like most of zdnet readers, so let's move beyond hill valley and look at what the world of it may be like.   by aaron smith @aaronsmithcnn the ashley madison hack explained ashley madison wants cheaters to know that everything is fine, despite the recent hack that revealed the identities of million users and the claim that women hardly ever use it.   by actively participating as a member of the online forum, dr. mustoe says, he helps patients become more confident when they are choosing a plastic surgeon or other aesthetic specialist.   by all indications, the company did just that with the wearable version of the platform, android wear.   by american standards, all but unheard of.   by an alternative measure, the median price-to-earnings multiple for u.s. stocks, equities have never been this expensive in the post-war era.   by anthony reuben head of statistics, bbc news a statistic in march provoked outrage in the us media about inequality.   by april, it had installed automated passport control kiosks, reducing processing time by about minutes, she said.   by autumn johnson (patch staff) december , sharetweetgoogle plusredditemailcomments golden gate transit will launch a new pilot bus route linking several east bay cities to marin county next week.   by autumn johnson (patch staff) november , sharetweetgoogle plusredditemailcomments here’s our guide to finding local yard and garage sales around town and nearby.   by a vote of -, the senate, in a rare sunday session, limited debate on a measure that would reauthorize the federal credit agency through sept. , .   by becoming a registered user, you are also agreeing to our terms and confirming that you have read our privacy policy.   by chris isidore @cnnmoney is the worst over for stocks?   by christine clarridge seattle times staff reporter hide / show comments but but..   by clicking "subscribe!", you agree to have read our terms of use and privacy policy.   by contrast, flowers line the walkway to krasowski's house, the porch framed by landscaped bushes, painted and arranged with outdoor furniture.   by contrast, manziel managed only one good half.   by contrast, only about percent of its police department's roughly officers are black, the local post and courier newspaper reported last year.   by contrast, shire believes dx- has potential to expand the number of hae patients treated and achieve annual worldwide sales of up to $ billion, while enjoying exclusivity beyond .   by contrast, the comcast-twc deal generated fear in washington about a negative impact on consumers.   by day, walaa’s mother often builds a little house out of pillows, to teach her that they are nothing to be afraid of.   "by definition, every public servant needs to do their job," de blasio said earlier on monday at an unrelated news conference, but added that he would leave any decisions about punishment to bratton.   by dint of necessity, this constellation has nonetheless coalesced over the years into rival leftist and rightist blocs: the arab parties aligned with the dovish left, and the religious with the nationalistic right.   by eliza anyangwe, for cnn updated gmt ( hkt) july , (cnn)the caine prize for african writing has highlighted the brilliant literary talent coming out of africa.   by filing, you enable your partner to claim on your record, as already discussed.   by focusing on the positives, your kids will develop an appreciation for produce or whole grains—not just a fear of sugar.   by friday morning, service had been restored to all but about customers.   by friday on london’s intercontinental exchange, brent north sea crude for september delivery fell to us$. per barrel from us$. a week earlier for the august contract.   "by game ," coach barry trotz said, "i thought they wore down a little bit."   by his own admission, kasukuwere said the ultimate goal for him was to win the elections which are due in three years time.   by integrating your email and calendar into its software and operating on easy swiping gestures, handle helps you stay on top of your already hectic personal and professional life without adding more to-dos to it.   by jane prendergast bbc news helen mcnamara studied physics before training to become a ba pilot continue reading the main story "it's a career i absolutely love.   by jason mercier special to the times how would you define a dynasty?   by jayda evans seattle times staff reporter game story: rookie guard jewell loyd’s free throws made set franchise record as she shows playmaking skills along with scoring ability in storm win.   by jessica lee seattle times staff reporter a top bellevue police official abruptly retired friday after he admitted he used emergency lights to quickly maneuver through traffic while taking his son and friends to a school event in sammamish last month.   by july , my parents had moved into a new house.   by kevin liptak and sunlen serfaty, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) april , the white house is seen from the south side october , in washington, dc.   by later tuesday afternoon, the regional power company smeco said only seven people were without power in the region.   by law, removing the flag would also require a two-thirds vote, although u.s. rep. james clyburn has said that law could be overturned by simple majority.   by law, they may raise unlimited amounts of money from individuals, corporations and labor unions to fund expenditures — often television and radio ads — that call for the election or defeat of federal candidates.   by leeln published: may , at : am pdt last updated: may , at : am pdt just before my dad's grandma passed back in (i think it was) she gave my mom a start off of her yellow climbing rose bush.   by lindsay cohen published: jan , at : pm pst last updated: jan , at : pm pst seattle - something borrowed, something blue, something big -- for business.   by making her middle-aged, i gave myself a bigger instrument.   by mariahtaylor published: aug , at : am pdt last updated: aug , at : am pdt taken from my driveway in milo, oregon.   by mark sappenfield hours ago this weekend, a protest by anti-muslim demonstrators with military-style weapons and an in-flight disagreement over a can of diet coke provided fresh evidence of a mounting islamic backlash in america.   by michala sabnani @cnnmoney mahindra, the global car maker?   by midday, bodies had been recovered — adults and three infants.   by mid-february, about ships clustered outside the los angeles and long beach harbors, with similar scenes in san francisco bay and washington's puget sound.   by naming these storms, the met office hopes it’ll increase awareness of severe weather and encourage more people to follow safety guidelines.   by neil genzlinger ‘scream queens’ season , episode : ‘ghost stories’ lots of people died tuesday on “scream queens,” which is finding a nice groove after its uneven start.   by news staff published: apr , at : pm pdt last updated: apr , at : pm pdt bandon, ore. - a small earthquake shook off the oregon coast at : p.m. on friday night.   by nicola abé and julia amalia heyer in tel aviv and paris amit shabi/ laif/ der spiegel following the recent terror attacks in france, more french jews than ever before are planning on emigrating to israel.   by noon, we should be back to the sun, which will bring our temperatures up into the low s.   by now, bernie sanders is used to being the star at the center of the stage.   by now i'm . and it's unusual to be able to get a new career.   by parija kavilanz could tulips be the new roses?   by posting your comments you agree to accept our terms of use.   by posting your comments you agree to our terms of use.   by producing their own clean power, they are both fighting pollution and saving money.   by richard allen greene, anastasia beltyukova and sarah-grace mankarious, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) december , photos: fifa scandal collector cards: get the whole set! photos: fifa scandal collector cards: get the whole set!   by richard byrd columbia basin herald ephrata — a california man will be serving nine months in jail in connection with a may incident at the gorge amphitheater in which he reportedly drove a vehicle through a campground injuring numerous people.   by seattle times staff portland — the seattle thunderbirds and portland winterhawks combined for power-play opportunities sunday night, with each team scoring twice.   by setting fire to a central bin and then surrounding it with fans the two are able to create a swirling vortex of heat and light.   by seven a.m. saturday the rain was pelting down.   by shen lu and hilary whiteman, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) june , drones used to catch cheaters in china drones used to catch cheaters in china : beijing (cnn)now breathe.   by spiegel staff in his spare time, torsten s. engaged in typically rural activities in his village near hanover: fishing, raising chickens, chopping wood, speeding through the mud in his jeep.   by steve lus, cbc news posted: nov , : pm pt last updated: nov , : am pt the b.c. conservation officer service has sent at least orphaned bear cubs to rehabilitation facilities since april.   by story hinckley hours ago abdirizak mohamed warsame, , is one of ten minnesota men charged with conspiring to help the islamic state.   by submitting your comments, you acknowledge that cbc has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever.   by tal kopan, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) august , hillary and bill clinton were caught on the dance floor in a video posted online from vernon jordan's birthday party in martha's vineyard over the weekend.   by the end of october, all of the affected islands electricity was restored, with the exception of crooked island and south long island, where there was large-scale damage.   by the end of this year, ibm plans to have , designers working throughout the company, on the way to ,.   by then it will be rising only about minutes before sunrise.   by the time firefighters arrived around : a.m. pt the two were hanging outside the window on a ledge.   by the time firefighters managed to put out the blaze, an associated press reporter counted the charred remains of more than corpses.   by the time he was he enrolled at jim russell racing driver's school in quebec where his late father had learned his craft.   by the time ken, francine, and others finished with their hammers, word arrived that another homicide had occurred.   "by the time men come in, the tumor is usually at least centimeter in size, and the cancer has often spread.”   by the time she was old enough for school, her sister and one brother were addicted to crack cocaine and her other brother to alcohol.   by the time the carnage was done, one person had died -- not including two attackers, killed after police returned fire -- and at least others were wounded.   by the time the city got around to declaring it a landmark in , it was falling down.   by the time the company announced the xbox ’s successor — xbox one — three years later, the company was riding a tsunami of success.   by the time the iraq and afghanistan wars began, medical advances made it possible for regular troops to apply tourniquets, chest seals and other devices to wounded comrades before medics arrived.   by the way, remember when cards against humanity sold a box of poop last year for $?   "by this time the ape would already have been in city traffic and we couldn't have ruled out injury to members of the public."   by tuesday, like-minded parents and residents of the town of nearly , gathered in the sanctuary of good will ministries to voice their grievances, including against the teacher.   by using her own email server, traced to an internet connection registered to her hometown in chappaqua, new york, she gained more control over her email than she would have had using a government server.   by wednesday evening, nearly , people had shared the post online and , comments had been made.   by wednesday, firefighters from australia will have arrived in camp.   by withdrawing the applications for the models, vw is leaving thousands of diesel vehicles stranded at ports nationwide.   cabinet approved the purchase and an agreement was signed between the men and government officials.   cable charts his weight daily and grins with pride.   cabrera-bello continued his recent good form.   cadillac xt – the xt maintains the exterior dimensions of its predecessor while offering more interior space and a high-end fit and finish.   cafferkey was discharged from hospital more than nine months ago.   c.a.k.e. village hopes to expand the camps to baltimore and houston the year after.   caleb routinely helped the employer, a family friend, check on various land leases and work his herd of cattle.   calfire spokesman dan berlant called the report a preliminary finding, saying the agency planned a much deeper review of its response to the fire.   calgary police believe five-year-old nathan o'brien was killed along with his grandparents alvin and kathy liknes after they disappeared from a calgary home in late june.   calgary stampede bareback: matt lait a competitor to watch sage kimzey describes his hometown of strong city as "a little bitty town in western oklahoma."   calgary will be closing out a five-game homestand where they have gone --.   california can create a water budget that allows farms, people and fish to thrive.   california is gonna be taxing people soon for farting come on man these days breathing creates a health risk.   california lt. gov. gavin newsom and i launched digital democracy at the california state capitol earlier this month for advocates like jim roberts.   california, nevada and arizona had the hottest year in years of record-keeping, while washington, oregon, idaho, utah and new mexico had one of their five warmest years on record.   californians against assisted suicide said no safeguards exist to protect the vulnerable from the potential harm of the bill.   california rights holders are going to have to abide by more strict measurement requirements starting next year after fighting several attempts to overhaul the rules for decades, said andy sawyer, a longtime attorney at the water board.   california's beautiful beaches photos santa monica pier – the santa monica pier has everything from a trapeze school to an aquarium and offers one of california's prettiest views at dusk.   call also confirmed that the raid is focused on multiple locations, and involves agents with the irs and hhs investigators.   call becca at -- or anissa at -- for more information.   called the nutcracker meets duke ellington, the show pairs the saskatoon symphony orchestra and the saskatoon jazz orchestra.   called the open worm project, the research brings together scientists and programmers from around the world with the aim of recreating the behavior of the common roundworm (caenorhabditis elegans) in a machine.   calling his company's admission "deeply troubling," horn said, "we have broken the trust of our customers, dealerships, and employees, as well as the public and regulators."   calling the pasco strike illegal, franklin county judge alex ekstrom granted an injunction requested by the pasco school district to force teachers back to the classroom.   call it "divine intervention" as he was superintendent of the sunday school and she was a sunday school teacher at pilgrim rest missionary baptist church.   call jane johnson at () -, ext. for more information.   call sara wiggins at - for more information.   calls are mounting for an alternative.   calls to malaysia's tourism ministry and rescue department were not immediately answered saturday morning.   call that poetry if you like; or bullet-proof coffee.   call the animal clinic at - for more information.   calorie burn: it depends on the activity you select.   cal water bakersfield district manager rudy valles says they have a plan in the works to keep water coming to the treatment plant.   cambron proudly shows the homemade bins she and her roommates are using to measure their waste.   camels walk along sand dunes in the liwa desert, kms west of abu dhabi, as the mazayin dhafra camel festival takes place on december , .   camera observations by the finnish fireball network, which monitors the sky for meteors and fireballs, and video from eyewitnesses helped scientists recreate the meteoroid's trajectory and hunt down meteorite fragments on the ground.   cameron: britain should 'do more' to fight 'islamic state' .. british pm david cameron has said he wants his country to play a bigger part in helping the us fight "islamic state."   cameron can count on support from most members of his governing conservative party — which holds of the commons seats — as well as the smaller liberal democrats party and others.   cameron had sought approval to strike syrian government forces to punish them for what he said was an appalling chemical weapons attack, but was unexpectedly voted down.   cameron has promised to renegotiate britain's eu ties ahead of a membership referendum by the end of .   "cameron should go for this quickly.   cameron's key demand is that eu migrants in britain must live there for at least four years before they can get welfare benefits but his peers says this is discriminatory and undercuts the core eu principle of free movement.   campaigning for better cell service is also about getting what he's paying for every month.   campaigning was 'by and large in a peaceful manner.'   campbell also told reporters during the carter visit last month that the withdrawal timeline options he presented were in line with obama's commitment to withdraw all troops by the end of next year.   campbell included khadim in that group, saying, "he's looking for another way to be relevant."   campfires are prohibited except at hosted campsites.   campus struggles some students who have used china's questionable admissions agencies to land a college place, struggle once they set foot on campus.   canada has already invested hundreds of millions of dollars into the f- stealth fighter jet program — even without buying a single jet — but the procurement process has been a political problem for the conservatives.   canada has occasionally flirted with severing its ties to the british monarchy and replacing the governor general with a ceremonial president.   canada, in its sixth trip to the world cup, came into the game with a -- tournament record and in search of its first back-to-back wins at the soccer showcase since when it won three in a row.   canada: its warplanes have flown sorties against isis targets as of february , the canadian armed forces reported.   canada photo galleries michael bublé sang what song when he crashed his niece's school christmas concert?   canada's dumbest charge: the most frustrating fees polar bears: threatened species or political pawn?   canada’s dumbest charge: the most frustrating fees polar bears: threatened species or political pawn?   canada's first air is among the first airlines to equip its fleet with afirs, which costs $, per plane.   canada's oil business takes a lot of capital investment.   canadian authorities were also aware of him, he disclosed.   canadian cyclist monique sullivan will be wearing jamieson's artwork when she competes at the pan am games in toronto this summer.   canadian olympic committee president marcel aubut is pushing for toronto to bid for the olympic games.   canadian pacific police service and the montreal police are working jointly on the criminal investigation into the derailment, which saw five empty flat rail cars jump the tracks near terrasse thomas-valin and lespérance street.   "canadians know that the ndp has the best track record for balanced budgets of any party in canada," he said.   canadians uninformed about climate change a disturbing survey of canadian attitudes towards climate change showed misinformation, little concern about harm and an unwillingness to pay for change.   canberra, australia (ap) — a fourth ship with specialized underwater sonar equipment will join the search for a malaysia airlines jet months after it vanished under mysterious circumstances, an australian official said monday.   can best buy's ceo keep the retailer on track?   canceled tv shows photos "mulaney": the fox sitcom, which some compared to "seinfeld," ended after half a season's worth of low-rated episodes.   "cancer in a -year-old is a serious problem, but that does not mean a -year-old cannot benefit from treatment."   "cancer risk is affected by our age and our genes, but a healthy lifestyle can also play a part in reducing the risk of some cancers," sharp added.   cancio has ambitious plans to expand fuego enterprises.   candidates, republicans in particular, seem eager to drop his name and take a stance that makes them look strong, president barack obama look weak and that does not require much policy detail.   "candidates should understand, if we're the largest voting constituency and you don't know how to talk to us, you've lost us even if your policy is good," cekala said.   can hbo keep up?   can jeb bush rise again?   cannabis consumption: know the basics is marijuana mainstream enough for main street?   cannabis extracts allow the drug to be ingested — and more discreetly.   canned fruit, vegetables linked to better diet by lisa rapaport hours ago canned vegetables are displayed at a walmart store in secaucus, new jersey, november , .   cannes, france — who knew leonardo dicaprio had an eye for chanel bags?   "(cannibalism) is one of these cross-cultural, historical taboos," he said.   cannon beach: feels like a getaway, close enough for a quick escape geoquiz: what city hosts the world’s largest brick gothic church?   cano's unexpected struggles at the plate are just the tip of one of the biggest underachievers in baseball to date.   cano was -for- with four rbis.   can robots be funny?   can rubio appeal to the religious right?   can someone say cougar?   can't be a fly on the wall everyone in the vicinity of pegida rally plays a role, be they bystanders or participants.   “can they do it in lambeau?”   can this democrat really beat hillary clinton?   can thomas tuchel continue jürgen klopp's success?   "can't stop, won't stop, put killer cops in cell blocks," chanted protesters in the biggest march in baltimore since gray died on april , a week after his arrest and injury.   can’t tell you how many kids i know can recite batting averages, game plays, but don’t know the first books of the bible.   can't wait to take the subway to bloor and walk over and see my @holtrenfrew windows.   canucks netminder eddie lack has given up eight goals in two games against nashville this season, with vancouver scoring only twice in those tilts.   can we have a call-out fan conducted, and a check with norad?”   can we learn to be smarter and more creative?   can you be flexible with your withdrawals and not automatically increase your spending each year if you don’t need to?   can you correct some proofs for him?   can you imagine the hassle this would be if it were enforceable, and we now needed to segment our user databases and all our other information so that we could dump data on a server located in each major country or region?   "can you imagine this area without southern resident orcas?" asks michael harris.   captagon is classified by the un office on drugs and crime as an "amphetamine type stimulant" and usually blends amphetamine, caffeine and other substances.   captain, st mate arrested on suspicion of human trafficking migrant ship sinking: hundreds feared dead the accounts of survivors who arrived early tuesday in this sicilian port hours after the disaster offered new details of the tragedy.   caption: iranian president hassan rouhani addresses a high-level meeting on nuclear disarmament during the th united nations general assembly on thursday sept. , at u.n. headquarters.   capture anything interesting on your hand-held or trail camera?   care: at your convenience.   career advice from nbc’s bob greenblatt fox business back to top this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.   carey kelly alleged that r. kelly was proud of the tape and showed it off to friends.   cargo ship missing near hurricane joaquin a risky coast guard search in the storm-battered north atlantic is expected to resume for a cargo ship carrying sailors, most of them american..   carl edwards sits in his car as he waits to qualify for sunday's nascar sprint cup series auto r … "this is absolutely embarrassing.   carlile died aug. , , one day after being hit in the head with a practice swing during a game.   carlos now downplays the decision to throw the olympic gold, emphasizing that the most important part of the day for him took place after the last runner had crossed the finish line.   carly fiorina -- announced may , former hewlett-packard ceo carly fiorina speaks at the iowa faith & freedom th annual spring kick off, in waukee, iowa, saturday, april , .   carmen was born in el paso, texas on october , .   caroline schultz, a state labor department economist, doesn't expect a repeat with the current price drop.   carol kirkwood has the forecast.   carol urged lizzie to follow her therapy of "look at the flowers" before she shot her in the back of the head.   carolynne oates with cilla, after picking her 'richard from guernsey' in the show was a phenomenon - the biggest tv show at the time.   carrie fisher was also there, though without her trademark princess leia hair buns.   carroll said mccray “did really well.   carroll was diagnosed with a sprain and bone bruise, making it possible for him to return in the series.   carroll was forced off in wednesday's - draw at southampton, and west ham says carroll will undergo surgery on his left knee on tuesday.   carrying a bouquet of flowers and a box of candy, boots approached clarke in front of a crowd of classmates, while his sister and a friend unfurled a banner that read, "april, it would be sweeet if you went to hc (homecoming) with me."   carson briefly overtook trump in october before seeing a substantial drop off in his support.   carson doesn't even know the right terminology to tell the fake story he has now backed away from.   carson generally has endorsed medicare as a necessary program but says private charity, supported by capitalism, is preferable to the public safety net.   carson has given speeches at mannatech events, and he appeared in a regional public-television program about brain health, sponsored by mannatech distributors, in which he stressed the importance of glyconutrients.   carson is a staunch social conservative, opposing abortion rights and same-sex marriage, views he attributes to his personal faith as a practicing christian.   carson: the fact of the matter is, you know, what -- we should vet all candidates.   carson threw up his hands in frustration, and then proceeded to strike out against hunter cervenka in the pacific coast league game at principal park.   carter accused russia of undermining the sovereignty of neighboring countries and destabilizing european security by annexing crimea.   “carter apologized for his remarks, but said it was the idea of his fellow espn announcer, michael irvin.”   carter said mondale had gone to the hospital for a routine check-up and was admitted after doctors discovered he had the flu.   carter said mosley introduced the khosara khosara melody to him just as he was about to leave a meeting.   carter touted the decision as a way to advance equal rights within the ranks of the military.   carter, who became pentagon chief just five weeks ago, told troops in afghanistan last month that the key question should be: "are they going to be excellent service members?   case in point: the hackers who raided us government's internal revenue service data systems.   casey is among a group of democratic senators in favor of repealing the device tax, but not at the expense of the whole law.   casipong guesses that she makes over facebook pvas a day.   cas said it had been told by many workers that they would like to take their case to tribunals but could not afford to do so.   cast adrift adam mohammad fled from niger once boko haram launched a cross-border attack on his country, making a six-day journey to koulfoua.   castro and obama also held a historic meeting in panama in april on the sidelines of a regional summit.   catalonia to hold september elections framed as new independence vote .. the leader of spain's wealthy catalonia region has signed a decree calling early parliamentary elections for september.   "catastrophes have occurred elsewhere.   catches must be checked in at the station each day, and reward vouchers will be given.   catherine, duchess of cambridge received a posy of flowers as she officially opens the treehouse children's hospice in ipswich on march , .   catherine mckenna said canada's delegation has three priorities for the -day conference: mckenna wants a new international agreement that's different from the kyoto protocol, which came into effect in .   catherine, who has also lost her father—“a prominent new york artiste,” in her words—seeks refuge in a peaceful lakeside house with her pal virginia (katherine waterston).   catire tries to rev up the engine.   cattle ranchers in british columbia, alberta, saskatchewan and manitoba are facing shortages and looking for supplies to get through the fall and winter.   caught between vengeance-seeking drug lords and crippling withdrawal, what will josh sacrifice to get his next fix?   caught in the middle is yahoo's struggling ceo, marissa mayer.   caught short when the collection box is passed, a gentleman tries to aid her dignity by generously loaning her money.   cavan sieczkowski senior editor, content strategy, the huffington post raven-symoné said she was told what and what not to eat while working on television sets as a child star because she was getting fat."   cazeneuve also said that eu governments and the european parliament needed to rapidly reach an agreement on a system to share airline passenger data, without watering down.   cbc calgary news at - october , late night cbc tv news from calgary outdoor report heads to b.c. this week cbc's paul karchut travels out of province for this week's report.   cbc do crew volunteers (seen in red vests near the back of the room) work their way through the tables during dinner service at dorval-strathmore united church's murder-mystery dinner theatre.   cbc meteorologist jay scotland says there's a slight shower risk through the morning while thunderstorms are possible in the late morning and afternoon.   cbc news has more.   cbc news posted: apr , : pm ct last updated: apr , : am ct strong winds knocked over this tree in marilyn lawrence's yard in riverdale wednesday afternoon.   cbc news posted: dec , : am nt last updated: dec , : am nt keep up to date with posts, updates, photos and videos from the cbc newfoundland and labrador team.   cbc news posted: dec , : pm ct last updated: dec , : pm ct house fire on the block of retallack street of regina.   cbc news posted: jul , : am at last updated: jul , : pm at the rcmp in shediac are trying to identify of a driver involved in a hit-and-run accident on saturday night.   cbc news posted: mar , : pm at last updated: mar , : pm at ice-making at world curling championships : there's a real science to making world class curling ice, and jamie danbrook is getting an up-close look.   cbc news posted: nov , : am ct last updated: nov , : am ct travel is not recommended on highway near kenaston this morning.   cbc news posted: nov , : am nt last updated: nov , : am nt police were still at the scene of a fire on tanner street late saturday morning.   cbc news posted: oct , : am ct last updated: oct , : am ct the city of regina is retuning its housing subsidy programs to focus more on older areas.   cbc news posted: oct , : am nt last updated: oct , : am nt a -year-old man is facing charges after a disturbance at the avalon mall in st. john's tuesday night.   cbc news reporter lauren golosky was at city council.   cbc news reports.   cbc news technology & science canada votes.   cbc radio's the house airs saturdays on cbc radio one at a.m. and on siriusxm ch. . report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   cbc reviews the winnipeg fringe theatre festival winnipeg fringe festival breaks opening weekend attendance record this may be my favourite weekend so far this month.   cbc traffic reporter trevor dineen said the process of cars taking turns going through the intersection created a "massive lineup" of vehicles and about a -minute delay.   cbc will get a closer peek at it just before noon tuesday during a media tour.   cbs has scheduled a free one-week trial of its cbs all access streaming service to coincide with colbert’s first week.   cbs news battleground tracker poll: ted cruz on the rise in iowa the cbs news battleground tracker poll unveiled this morning reveals sen. ted cruz is leading the polls in iowa, surpassing donald trump.   cbs news has confirmed the department of homeland security is planning to round up and deport hundreds of families who crossed the border since last year.   cbs news requested comment from comcast wednesday night but did not receive an immediate reply.   cbs this morning fbi searching lake near site of san bernardino att..   ccm campaign official january makamba said ruling party candidate john magufuli was also on track to win the presidency.   cdc: majority of schools start day too early a new report by the centers for disease control and prevention says the majority of schools are starting the day too early.   cecil converted five of seven save chances in .   "cedars-sinai is a long standing customer and we are very proud to serve their patients and staff with the installation of our kiosks," says james w. hermann, president of lumin medical, makers of patienttrak.   ceiligh said her initial reaction to the drama was emotional.   celebrities battle cancer photos michael douglas offered some interesting insight as to how he may have developed the throat cancer that he was diagnosed with in august .   celebrity breakups photos susan sarandon and tim robbins split in after years together.   celebrity heiress paris hilton takes a photo with cigars in cuba on friday, february .   celebrity mugshots photos country singer glen campbell was arrested in phoenix on november , , on drunken driving and hit-and-run charges.   celebrity photos: november rumer willis getting big savings in the big apple with retailmenot.   celebrity wardrobe stylist miles siggins and his family had the most stylist garbage display in their days of garbage photo.   celebs like beyoncé, nicki minaj and jessie j wore black sparkles with stunning results, while chrissy teigen and jennifer hudson stunned in white hot looks.   celestis has flown a total of space burial missions, with the first occurring in .   cellphone any other recurring expenses you may have when you crunch the numbers, this could add up to a substantial amount of money, so don't worry about getting there right away.   centenarian georgina harwood, center right, gestures as she lands with jason baker, centre left, after her tandem parachute jump forming part of her birthday celebrations, in cape town, south africa, saturday, march , .   center peter holland, left winger joffrey lupul and defenseman dion phaneuf scored for toronto, who had a three game winning streak end.   central mainland (including greater halifax) forecast: mainly cloudy and cool.   • central washington, gnac — sabrina wheelhouse was the defensive volleyball player after blocks in two matches.   centre-left parties have slammed rising living costs under netanyahu, but most parties have steered clear of the palestinian conflict.   centreventure also spent nearly half a million dollars on legal and accounting costs to put together the two deals.   centurylink stopped purchasing the plastic cups.   ceo elon musk said "d" stands for "dual motor," meaning tesla's all-wheel drive vehicle will have a motor at either end of the chassis to increase control.   ceo exits after mutual fund implodes the ceo of the risky junk bond mutual fund that blew up last week has stepped down.   ceo meg whitman alluded to the foxconn partnership during hp's first quarter earnings conference call.   ceo: starbucks is 'frenemies' with apple pay it also will give crew members access to a passenger manifest, flight data and frequent flier account information, which will let them know when to wish a passenger a happy birthday, for example.   ceres' more familiar — but perhaps even more mysterious — bright spots reside inside occator, a -mile-wide ( km) crater.   ceridwen dovey is the author of the novel “blood kin” and the short-story collection “only the animals.”   cerner, who has the largest overall market share, due in large part to its acquisition of siemens, was second in net new increases, followed by athenahealth. athenahealth nearly doubled its market share in .   certain factors can trigger cold sores.   "certainly many other provinces have had a change where registered nurses are returning to black and white and this obviously is pants and tops," she says.   certainly, the officials who control fed policy are no less vulnerable to human foibles than anyone else.   certainly we have no intention of critiquing our own actions or -- don't be silly -- questioning the effectiveness of war, occupation or high-tech terror (think: "shock and awe") as a means to create a stable, secure world.   cespedes beat out an infield single to shortstop to bring home granderson.   cfpa says when camping to build campfires in clear areas away from overhanging branches and steep slopes.   chabad on campus, an international outreach organization, developed the fitness program at the urging of rabbi moshe gray, who serves dartmouth college.   chad, benin and niger will also be committing troops.   chad has been experimenting, researching and implementing digital marketing strategies since .   chadian troops and vehicles have massed near boko haram-held towns along nigeria's border with niger, pointing the way to another possible cross-border operation.   chairman gowdy has always focused on that.   chairmanship of the summit involves actually hosting and chairing a series of meetings from the senior officials meetings (soms) to the apec ministerial meetings (amms) all the way up to the apec economic leaders meeting (aelm).   chair of the permanent memorial committee and jamaica’s permanent representative to the un, ambassador courtney rattray, praised marie-claire for her “exquisite and resounding performance” which played “an invaluable role” in the success of the event.   chakthip received post-blast training at the u.s.-funded international law enforcement academy in bangkok in and later attended a course at the fbi academy in quantico, virginia.   champion shearer ian elkins said the sheep appeared to be in good condition after being separated from his huge fleece under anesthetic.   chan added that he will learn from the experience of his pro-establishment predecessors, including ng leung-sing and the liberal party's tommy cheung, in handling meetings and disputes.   chan, a former health director of hong kong at the helm of the who since jan. , said that who had been "overwhelmed" by the ebola epidemic that has killed more than , people in guinea, liberia and sierra leone.   chance are he understood the flows follow the ebbs.   chances were and few between, with ezequiel lavezzi stabbing a shot wide after pouncing on a jonas martin mistake on the edge of the box seven minutes before the interval.   chandler installed each official separately, with family members standing behind.   chand was cleared to compete by the court which gave the iaaf body until july , , to present new scientific evidence.   change it here dw.   changes could be phased in depending on finances.   "changes to the teaching and learning of science emphasise students gaining mastery of general concepts and basic scientific principles.   change will not come without some effort, but it will come.   changing clothes both teams wore different uniforms than saturday, when the nets wore their road blacks and the hawks were in red.   chang kuo-tsai is a retired national hsinchu university of education associate professor and a former deputy secretary-general of the taiwan association of university professors.   chang was prosecuted for running a truck over barricades in front of the presidential office building in the early hours of jan. last year.   chants of "david, david" greeted him as he walked off the th green as he was squarely in the spotlight.   chaos erupted, and revelers ran in all directions.   "character assassination does not replace the fact that mr. harris is deceased.   characters are very, very important to me.   charbonnier, known as chab to his friends, had received death threats in the past and was living under police protection.   charges against him include "participation in an organised crime group, contraband trafficking and premeditated manslaughter of people".   charging time is minutes with minutes of autonomy, and you can cruise at up to mph while doing "aerobatic" maneuvers including loops and flips.   charismatic preachers successfully recruit young men.   charleston mayor joe riley said it in an interview that it appears the torrential rainfall has passed, but moderate rain may continue for hours.   charleston's tenerrious ewing drives to the basket against sikeston on friday night at charleston.   charleston, w.va. (wsaz) -- a white foamy substance has shut down the water intake for city of st. albans water customers and lincoln public service district customers.   charlie hebdo: years of provocative cartoons contributors at charlie hebdo were famous for targeting all forms of authority with the world's sharpest, no-holds-barred political cartoons.   charlie hebdo attack ignites debate on free speech u.s. intelligence chief dined with n. korean general fbi says sony hackers 'got sloppy' will boehner seek revenge for gop revolt?   charlie riedel / ap when the trial began almost seven months ago, heb was ordering about cases every two weeks, each containing a dozen -pound packages of the omega- enriched beef.   charlotte's christening was in sharp contrast to their lavish wedding, which was shown live across the world, and to the media frenzy surrounding the birth of their two children.   charter yachts like the lady nathalie, which plies the eastern med, provides an intimate trip without the crowds.   charting christmas trends with one eye on the music to be performed on the x factor, the daily mail wonders whether -year-old contestant louisa johnson will top the christmas charts.   chase reed and his father, troy reed, opened sneaker pawn on lenox avenue in harlem looking to capitalize on america's multibillion-dollar athletic footwear market and the high prices sneakers can get being re-sold.   chase would not comment on the case outside the courthouse wednesday, nor would melgen's wife and son.   chauvet cave: france's stone age treasure chauvet cave, a unesco world heritage site located in the heart of france, is also known as the cave of dreams.   check back soon for further information.   check it out: nothing truly groundbreaking is revealed, but it's the first time we've seen the two interacting face-to-face since the release of the cover album, which swift has supported since day one.   check out our ergonomic keyboards designed with small businesses in mind, a touch mouse for easier maneuvering and navigation, webcams for connecting with colleagues via video chat, and much more.   check out our status page for more details.   check out some of our favorites from olstein's tumblr below.   check out the hilarious spoof ad below.   check out the patch jobs board in your town for the most recent career opportunities.   check out the speechless and happy couple in the video player.   check the full forecast here.   check this out!   cheer each other on toward success, and enjoy the dual benefits of achieving your goals and living a more connected, satisfying life.   chegg.com has a revenue-sharing agreement with mcgraw-hill, covering titles.   cheika reverted to the same starting xv which he deployed in australia's opening win against fiji, meaning there's changes from the team that beat uruguay - last weekend.   chelsea ling wants to start a conversation about abortion services during the p.e.i. election campaign.   chelsea manager jose mourinho faces more trouble from the football association (fa) after being sent to the stands as the champions’ poor premier league form worsened on saturday with a - loss at west ham united.   chelsea's performance at city was so bad that it unwittingly did the job mourinho required, pushing the debate off the agenda and on to on-field matters.   chem-dry finished by adding more than franchises in the united states and canada, and by expanding its global network to countries.   chemical markers in the local karst groundwater are also a match for water drawn from the craters, reusch and her co-authors reported april in the journal geophysical research letters.   chemical reactions create sulfuric acid that dissolves heavy metals into the water, creating a toxic mess.   cheney insisted that iraq "was in good shape" when he and president george w. bush left office in thanks to the surge and said obama's administration "failed to follow through."   cheng is the founder and owner of rocodev and previously led a programming team who won the grand prize in the facebook developer world hack , a global competition hosted by the social media giant.   chen shachar, the chief executive of playsight, the company which developed the system, is encouraged by the positive feedback and has ambitions to expand globally, with tennis one of the world's most popular amateur sports.   chen’s itinerary is due to be released this week.   cherif kouachi, , and said kouachi, , the brothers who authorities said carried out the charlie hebdo shootings, were french citizens known to the country's security services, according to officials.   cheuse wrote numerous pieces of short fiction as well as five novels.   "chevrolet has consistently performed badly in our tests over the last five years in high selling models," he said.   chevron (cvx), clorox (clx) and public service (peg) were among the few companies reporting before market open.   chiartas said he’s confident an agreement will be worked out that lets both parties use the names.   chicago bulls' derrick rose making preseason debut friday hours ago chicago bulls point guard derrick rose is scheduled to make his preseason debut friday night against the dallas mavericks.   chicago is one of five finalists, and the winner will be announced at the end of the year.   chicago mayor rahm emanuel welcomed the investigation, pledging the city's full cooperation.   chicago mercantile association: certain market data is the property of chicago mercantile exchange inc. and its licensors.   chicago police and residents are still looking for answers after september, which was one of the bloodiest months in chicago in the past few years.   chief blue says fewer jail beds means shorter sentencing and more people being released.   chief executive jackie smith, said: "we checked every single record - i think that was a proportionate response to this one-off but very tragic and very serious event."   chief minister of punjab shahbaz sharif has said the factory could have suffered structural damage in an oct. earthquake which killed almost people across pakistan and afghanistan.   children at that age do what they want."   children begin to select costumes and the perfect pumpkin, parents stock up on candy, and the search for family-friendly events begins.   "children expect that society will be nurturing and protective," said mark deantonio, a child psychiatry professor at the university of california los angeles.   children from birth to age are especially vulnerable to infection, the cdc says.   children, many of whom watched tv with a bowl of milk-soaked kellogg’s sugar pops or frosted flakes, were entranced.   children of the 'jungle'   children run to join a parade of sufi egyptian muslims celebrating the birthday of the prophet muham … ap photo editor thomas hartwell in cairo curated this gallery.   chilliwack and abbotsford also have signs prohibiting panhandling.   chills like i've never known.   "china and asean are capable enough to work together to maintain the peace and stability in the south china sea."   china averaged economic expansion of around % a year over the past three decades, pushing it up the list of biggest economies and boosting household wealth.   china billionaire wang jianlin says drop growth targets august chinese billionaire wang jianlin, one of the country's best-known businessmen, has said china needs to drop unrealistic official economic growth targets.   china china says it's making 'enormous efforts' to stop torture during a two-day session with un experts, china has said it is making "enormous efforts" to halt abuse, and that "cruel treatment of suspects from ethnic minorities is groundless."   china claims most of the south china sea, through which $ trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year.   china daily via reuters parents walk students to school amid thick haze in chiping county, in china's shandong province on jan. . air pollution contributed to an estimated . million premature deaths in china in .   china development bank and the export-import bank of china were quoted by state news agency xinhua as pledging their support for china's battered equity market, which has slumped by around a quarter since in the past month.   "china doesn't provide a pension or free education."   china has been actively acquiring foreign assets, particularly energy and resources, to power its economy, as its firms are encouraged to make overseas acquisitions to gain market access and international experience.   china has been angered in the past by u.s. weapons sales to taiwan, which has been ruled separately since defeated nationalist forces fled to the island at the end of a civil war in .   china has overtaken germany to become the world's third-biggest arms exporter, a study by the stockholm international peace research institute said.   china has said it is supportive of thailand’s military rulers, who took power following a coup in may last year that ousted an elected government.   “china is going to be tough for us for the next couple of years,” novo nordisk chief science officer mads krogsgaard thomsen said.   china is holding a knife to taiwan’s throat, but officials in president ma ying-jeou’s (馬英九) administration think they have made the appropriate arrangements and are proceeding cautiously.   china is not among the pacific-rim countries which last month agreed to the trade pact, the most ambitious in a generation.   "china is running away with the gold in the view of many region watchers.   china is the world’s biggest producer of greenhouse gases.   china regards taiwan as a renegade province, to be put under beijing's control by force if necessary.   china’s actions were bringing neighboring countries closer and prompting “increasing demand for american engagement” in the region, he added.   china, saudi arabia and other countries have also made similar demands on messaging services.   "china’s economy is stabilising, and has stopped from slipping," shen jianguang, chief asia economist at mizuki securities in hong kong, told blomberg news.   china shows off its guns in hong kong photos for many hong kongers, the sight of pla vehicles still evokes memories of the tiananmen square crackdown, when chinese soldiers opened fire on student protesters in beijing.   china’s jiangsu changjiang electronics technology co (江蘇長電) has voiced an interest in the hsinchu-based winstek, a chip tester.   china's national center for aids/std control and prevention last year estimated that as many as , people are living with hiv/aids in the country, including those who have not yet been diagnosed, out of a total population of . billion.   china's overnight devaluation of the yuan hurt the currencies of countries such as australia, new zealand and canada which have found a ready market for commodities in china.   china's powerhouse economy expanded by . percent in july-september, the weakest since at the height of the global recession, the national bureau of statistics (nbs) said.   china’s report of percent growth in the first quarter of the year was in keeping with that trend.   china's slowdown has hurt other emerging markets.   china’s state administration of press, publication, radio, film and television has given internet tv licenses to seven companies, including wasu.   china's stock market suffers biggest one-day fall since associated press screener.co global equity research platformscreener.cosponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   china’s troops are to “carry out the noble mission of upholding world peace,” he added, and would never “seek hegemony.”   china warns of stronger military response after u.s. 'provocation' hours ago hong kong, oct. (upi) -- a top chinese naval commander told his u.s. counterpart that beijing would not tolerate "dangerous and provocative acts."   china yuan to move both ways, more 'adjustments' unlikely: central bank economist august , : am a vendor gives change of yuan notes to a customer at a market in beijing, august , .   chinese architecture: bold or weird? photos the sunrise kempinski hotel on beijing's yanqi lake is one of the most anticipated hotel projects in the chinese capital.   chinese investors watch stock market movements in beijing on wednesday.   chinese ministry of foreign affairs spokesman lu kang (陸慷) said the review ignored that china’s maritime activities were carried out in line with international law, according to another statement posted late on tuesday.   chinese state media turned to yiddish on saturday in the war of words over territorial disputes, criticising the united states as a "kibitzer" for what it called meddling in the south china sea issue.   chinese stocks plunged on friday, with the shanghai composite tumbling more than percent, its biggest one-day loss in five months.   chinese women in particular are keen on buying diamonds and precious metals as investments, explained ben davis, a mining analyst at liberum in london.   ching ka-lun admitted to touching two young girls inappropriately for four years while tutoring them at their homes since .   ch insp andy lemon said: "police investigations into this report are ongoing, and i appeal to anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the area around this time or anyone who has information about the incident to contact detectives."   "chipotle has developed a reputation for corporate responsibility and making careful decisions about the ingredients on its menu, and chipotle ditched gmos — therefore, gmos must be bad."   chloe goins, who says cosby drugged her at the playboy mansion in , spent more than two hours at police headquarters on wednesday morning, jan. , .   chloé was of particular significance, she added.   chlorine is not prohibited, but its use as a weapon is prohibited under the chemical weapons convention, which syria joined in .   choir boy, golden boy, tractor boy read more and see archive photos of cook's schooldays from singing for the queen to driving a tractor at his wedding - the different faces of alastair cook and how they shaped his path to the top.   chong ye, whose -year-old father and -year-old mother were on the boat, said he felt numb with the likelihood his parents were dead.   choose an available username to complete sign up.   cho, the daughter of korean air's chairman, was sentenced to a year in jail in february.   " choudhury, she said, claimed she'd never win a yoga competition if he didn't have sex with her.   chris bridges is sports editor of the barrow journal.   chris christie's career in photos photos christie updates members of the media on damage and recovery efforts related to superstorm sandy on october , , from the emergency operations center at state police headquarters in ewing, new jersey.   chris cox, executive director of the nra’s institute for legislative action, said the buy-back idea “validates what the nra has said all along.   chris cox sits with piles of business cards in the cafeteria of the longworth house office building.   chris hood, executive director of the paramedic association of new brunswick, says travis thomas could potentially lose his licence and face a fine up to $, following a disciplinary hearing.   chris kyle, played by bradley cooper, was a record-setting sniper former us marine chris clark went on two combat missions to iraq, where he was in an elite special operations unit.   chris page @ raw sugar café w/ sarah wotherspoon, colin majid, john higney and jon pearce, saturday ottawa's chris page releases his new solo album volume vs. voice on saturday.   chris paukert/cnet mazda recently put its fourth-generation mx- miata roadster into production, and the car has been warmly received by critics.   chris swecker said he doubts sweat and matt really intended to kill mitchell's husband and then drive with her to mexico.   christians paid a price for that image.   christian woman, non-smoking, non-drinking needs a room to rent.   christie canceled two question-and-answer sessions and a press statement he was due to make after meeting uk finance minister george osborne.   christie heads to new hampshire, looking to make gop voters take another look watch cbs news anytime, anywhere with the new / digital news network.   christie is touring new jersey as he conducts weekly town hall meetings through june.   christie said he was “passionate.”   christie was in full-on campaign mode, urging the audience not to consider the republican presidential primary over before it begins.   christie, who has been seeking to counter his image among some voters as weak on gun rights, endorsed the recommendations of a commission he established to examine his state's strict permitting and purchase regulations.   christina explains enthusiastically: "we'd love to go with the humpback whales in tonga.   christina stoney, originally from pangnirtung, said there are advantages to colder weather.   christine lollar is the homelessness project manager, and she says members of various organizations have been to the site weekly hoping to connect with the people living there.   christine sinclair then converted the kick to secure a - victory.   christmas in bethlehem: hopes and fears for the future december as bethlehem prepares for christmas, five people chosen to represent characters in the original nativity story have been speaking about their hopes and fears for the festive period.   christopher stockton, a spokesman for the pipeline company, said ferc regulations prohibit the company from disclosing sensitive cultural resource locations to third parties other than the federal agency and the state historic preservation office.   chuang chia-jung cruised into the quarter-finals of the women’s doubles at the aegon open in nottingham, england, on tuesday, while fellow taiwanese chan chin-wei had to battle through a super tiebreak to advance.   chung kin leung, a former top chef at chief exec's house has now opened a fine-dining chinese restaurant.   church of england bishop trevor willmott warned the government not to forget its humanity.   churn rate is another key metric for sloley.   cigna corp has looked to financial and defense companies for best practices, including hiring hackers to break into its systems, said chief executive david cordani.   cilic beat th-ranked qualifier guido pella -, - (), - () on monday, looking comfortable with his status as the reigning champ.   cincinnati reds manager bryan price, front, talks with reporters at the major league baseball winter … "kansas city has shown that a really lights-out, super bullpen is a way of winning championships," washington general manager mike rizzo said.   cindy crawford: a model life photos crawford, here in , was one of the top supermodels of the s.   cindy johnson wanted to know which animals would go extinct first.   cioran said this was the first time he is aware of any cars being vandalized in the area.   circle of light festival: call for art vision competition open this year, the world-famous bolshoi theatre will become the venue for art vision classic competition.   circuit judges in oregon are not required to perform marriages at all.   circular farms near the khouris oil field on june , (afp photo/marwan naamani) mohamed al-mady, the company's vice chairman and ceo, called the year-end profit figure "a good result for us."   cisco says that threat actors are more commonly using an advanced array of techniques to penetrate business networks which go beyond poking holes in firewalls and leveraging zero-day exploits against common software.   citigroup seen shutting banamex usa unit: wsj citigroup inc. is expected to close its banamex usa unit after government authorities began probes of possible violations of anti-money laundering laws, the wall street journal said on its website on sunday.   citing sluggish exports and weak domestic consumption -- exacerbated by the mers outbreak -- the central bank has kept its benchmark interest rate unchanged at a record low of . percent.   citing sources close to the investigation, french news site mediapart said the device was found in a trash can near the scene of friday's bloodiest terror attack in which people were killed.   citing the example of detroit, he argued that “decades of big-government policies” had undermined the case for top-down measures designed to bolster economic opportunity.   citizen on wednesday took legal action against liulin, one of the activist organization’s founders, accusing him of raising funds in the name of the alliance without authorization and then seizing the funds for personal use.   city are third in the table, six points behind leaders leicester after monday's - defeat at arsenal.   city attorney tim englemeyer asked the governor's office to send national guard troops to help with security.   city council has received a number of complaints from residents who are opposed to the proposed site of the new mailboxes.   city have lost five games this season and the last team to lose more than five games before christmas and still win the title was everton in -.   city lights critics’ pick near northeast at logan fringe arts space get transported to another place by your favorite local ambient folk pop group.   city manager jimmy stokes said the city will supply utilities and typ will maintain the field.   city manager john shaw came under renewed pressure last week to quit when an official report found that ferguson police routinely targeted african americans.   city nightspot club chemistry, owned by councillor louise jones, made a £ donation this week.   city officials say there has also been a high volume of displaced residents and stranded cars.   city of sunray city meeting minutes waiting approval minutes of the may th meeting.   city water manager dave albisser agrees.   civil unions are legal in colorado.   cizikas broke the tie when he fired a shot past viktor fasth.   claflin expressed his gratitude for the second chance at life that conley’s heart had given him; and at one point, monaghan pulled out a stethoscope and, weeping, listened to her son's heart beating inside claflin’s chest as he held her close.   claims by ms kendall and her supporters that only she would break from the past have led to a war of words between their rival camps.   claire tesh, community education center senior manager for the american immigration council, will also attend.   clancy called the allegations "very disturbing."   clarifications an earlier version of this story identified mike monea as president of saskpower.   clarifying the obama administration's weak formula that the goal is "to degrade and ultimately to destroy" isis, hollande said directly that the point is "not to contain but to destroy this organization."   clarke will not play in australia's warm-up match against india in adelaide on sunday but hopes to play in another world cup warm-up against the united arab emirates on wednesday.   clark, whose death in a confrontation with police, has sparked more than a week of protests.   "clashes are still taking place.   clashes between azerbaijani and armenian forces across their shared border and along the karabakh frontline have intensified in the past year.   clashes broke out friday between stone-hurling anti-india protesters and government forces firing tear gas, leaving at least people injured, including a photojournalist and eight policemen.   clashing over refugees this is the first parliamentary election in croatia since the country joined the eu in .   classes will be monday through thursday from to p.m. and run through the school year and the summer.   classical chinese literature is set to take up percent of the allocated learning hours for chinese-language study, chu said.   classic pacman, frogger, asteroids and more.   "clawing back our tax-free savings account is the last thing we need right now."   clayton eichler, , was arrested and charged on new year's eve with the second-degree murder of kelly goforth.   clayton williams is also charged with burglary, attempting to wound another police officer and aggravated theft of a motor vehicle.   cleaning out your prejudices should be a regular routine.   clearing will follow the frontal passage, and an extended period of fine weather is predicted to extend into the long weekend.   clearly, cohen has never had to place a call to comcast customer service.   clearly, it didn’t turn her against the concept of overseas military intervention.   clearly, the agency is not starved for funds.   "clearly the organisation is in chaos," dyke told the bbc.   clearly, this mis-representation of our sexuality needs to change; we must affirm the sexual agency of adults and the imperative for all of us to take responsibility for our sexuality.   clear to take off" miami (ap) — one of the few convictions at a military court at the u.s. base in guantanamo bay, cuba, appears to be on shaky ground.   clemency: clemency processes around the country. clemencies have been granted in the united states since .   clement said the rcmp should investigate, even if notley declines to make that call.   clem was being represented by the adams and diaco law firm.   cleveland cavaliers' iman shumpert, right, shouts as he gets fouled by phoenix suns' sonny w … nate bjorkgren was promoted to take longabardi's job as defensive coordinator.   cleveland police officer michael brelo has been found not guilty in the shooting deaths of two unarmed suspects.   click ahead for eight out-of-the-ordinary ways to invest your money.   click chart for in-depth premarket data.   click here but overall, there seemed to be general agreement that perron benefited the most from the trade.   click here for more news from around the county.   click here for more news from ashford.   click here for more news from thanet.   click here for more news from tunbridge wells.   click here for more news from what's on.   click here for more sport from canterbury.   click here for more sport from medway.   click here for more sport from thanet.   click here report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   click here to cancel reply.   click here to send your confidential tip in to brian ross and the abc news investigative unit.   click here to sign up for first read emails.   click here to submit and view events should a time of prayer be allowed to take place before college and high school football games?   click image to enlarge.   clicking on the link took users to a page which declared "you got owned!"   click that to access “moderation mode.”   click though to listen to landmarks from the california pop group's legendary recordings.   click through the gallery to see other pages from her diary: anne frank: the girl who wanted to write photos anne frank: the girl who wanted to write – for her th birthday, anne frank received a red plaid diary, her first journal.   click through the images for other american political families.   click through to see the storied history of snl and political parody: photos: politicians and their snl alter egos actress amy poehler, left, also played hillary clinton in several "saturday night live" skits.   click to share on twitter judge tosses lawsuit against 'muslim-free' gun store in florida "we're not selling barbie dolls here, we're selling firearms."   click to view comments divers hunt for victims in crashed airasia jet's main bodyafp trending pope begins trip to passionate philippinesafp trending need help filing out your tax return?   click to view comments japan 'disappointed' by chinese leader's wwii speechafp sofortkredit: so schnell wie niecreditplussponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   click to view comments jennifer lawrence wears sideboob-baring dress to hunger games london premiereus weekly how good is your german?   click to view comments view comments () sarah palin fires back at peta over controversial pet pic: ‘chill.   click to view comments view comments () a snoring cure that's easy and works instantly.   click to view comments what scotland learned from making college tuition freevox.com jetzt kleine rate sichern!   climate change leads to extended tick season global warming is pushing the tick season forward, which means the ticks are active earlier in the spring, a new study reports.   climate change threatening snow leopards day ago new delhi, oct. (upi) -- scientists with the world wildlife fund warn the snow leopard's habitat could shrink by as much as one-third as the climate continues to warm.   climate talks getting warmer?   clinical scale how much insight does the patient have about their mental illness?   clint eastwood in unforgiven clint eastwood waited fifteen years before he began to make the film.   clinton, , did not make her gender a core element in , but it provided the cap to the first major speech of her bid.   clinton, a former us secretary of state and ex-senator, has called for tougher gun laws in the wake of the latest tragedy.   clinton also is riding the momentum of her debate performance last week.   clinton also said that she was "glad" that the u.s. is taking a closer look at visa security and suggested that the department of homeland security should dispatch agents to "high risk countries" to "better investigate" visa applicants.   clinton argued for continuing the post-/ g.i. bill and promised to veto any efforts to pare down its benefits.   clinton, brought in by the univision television network to talk to advertisers on tuesday, may , urged companies to follow a policy of "radical inclusiveness" in their business dealings.   clinton edges romney by % to % among male voters in the new poll, whereas romney beat obama among men -% in .   clinton had two paid appearances for salesforce.com - one in las vegas on february , for $, and another in san francisco on october , , where clinton also earned $,.   clinton has backed the move, vowing transparency in the process and stressing she elected to use a private email account for practical reasons rather than obfuscation.   clinton has now handed over , emails stemming from her duties as the u.s.'s chief diplomat, but there is no evidence yet that clinton disclosed that type of sensitive information in those emails.   clinton hired stephanie hannon, google's director of product management for civic innovation and social impact, to run her technology operations, according to the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity.   clinton managed, at least for the moment, to bat down the premise that she's another politician with her finger in the wind and came away looking both electable and results-oriented.   clinton meets myanmar's democratic icon clinton meets myanmar's democratic icon : wherever she went, clinton was met as a peer by the world's most powerful leaders.   clinton never had a close connection to iowa and in , her campaign, realizing its problem in the state, once mulled bypassing the caucuses altogether.   clinton pours herself a cup of tea in while testifying to the senate education and labor committee about health care reform.   clinton’s allies in washington have been trying for months to sell her — and the rest of us — on the idea that she won’t be seriously challenged for the nomination if she runs.   clinton's appearance follows months of unflattering reports about her use of a private home email server for her state department work.   clinton says she didn't 'stop and think' about email setup by ken thomas hours ago file - in this aug. , file photo, democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton speaks in ankeny, iowa.   clinton, secretary of state at that time, is now the front-runner for the democratic nomination for president in .   clinton's favorability rating is underwater: percent of voters view her favorably while percent say they see the former secretary of state unfavorably.   clinton shakes hands during a st. patrick's day parade in the sunnyside neighborhood of queens, new york, on march , .   clinton's pitch, called latinos for hillary, will also extend to hispanic lawmakers and elected officials, and will include an address next week to the congressional hispanic caucus institute's annual meeting in washington.   clinton spoke to a room packed with democratic women friday morning and received the loudest and longest sustained applause of the democratic candidates who addressed the group friday.   clinton's supporters, meanwhile, appeared as a blue army dressed in campaign t-shirts and armed with double-fisted glowing foam wands.   clinton’s vision, as outlined by her campaign, would emphasize better training for healthcare workers to recognize substance abuse, and having all first responders carry naloxone, a drug that can reverse the effects of an opioid overdose.   clinton testified before congress about the incident in .   clinton, the front-runner for her party's presidential nomination, also pledged that the united states would generate enough clean renewable energy to power every home in the country within years of taking office.   clinton touted her work with president obama to sign a major climate accord with the chinese. : p.m. as o'malley argues for new leadership, clinton defends her credentials in spite of her last name.   cllr ken pugh (centre) makes a point during discussions at the academy it is also hoped links can be formed with local businesses to provide apprenticeship, work experience and employment opportunities for the students.   "close to three million people perform hajj over about days.   close-ups of the main players are juxtaposed by endpapers showing off vast landscapes.   closing the guantanamo bay detention center has eluded obama since he entered office due to staunch republican opposition.   clothes range from t-shirts and socks to space suits vital signs is a monthly program bringing viewers health stories from around the world (cnn)to find out all you need to know about your body's vital signs, all you need to do is to get dressed.   clowney returned this season after undergoing microfracture knee surgery last december.   c.l.: there are certain psychiatric disorders like post-traumatic stress disorder, or ptsd, and depression that seem to be associated with increased inflammation, a ramped-up immune response in the body and in the brain.   club president daniel smith said hitting the -year milestone was proof of that.   cluster munitions spread bomblets over a wide area, many of which do not immediately explode.   clyde said he was never accused of evading taxes or of illegally obtaining the money.   c. mayor vince gray is having a moment.   cmdr. andrew smith, a spokesman for the lapd, told the times, "we always do that.   cmu uses the diversity card as a way to attract more students and donors, but how can we claim diversity when the statistics prove otherwise?   cnbc has been frustrated by nielsen's incomplete measurements for years -- citing the fact that the ratings company doesn't normally count out of home viewership.   cnbc's peter schacknow contributed to this report.   cnet apple's big-screened iphone and plus may have drummed up overall iphone shipments as high as million last quarter, based on new analysis from morgan stanley.   cnet japan ニュース 製品・サービス かわいらしい表情で会話や自宅警備をするコンパニオンロボット「buddy」 クリップした記事をmyページから読むことができます here's my content ソフトバンクのロボット「pepper」の販売が好調で、長崎のハウステンボスにロボット接客ホテル「変なホテル」がオープンするなど、コンパニオンロボットが普及し始めた。   cnet reports that location tracking will be an "opt in" service, meaning it won't work unless a user specifically gives visa permission to access location data.   cnn affiliate ktvi has the story.   cnn couldn't independently verify the authenticity of those videos on youtube or the identity of the man speaking, though he bore a striking resemblance to al-douri.   cnn didn't show the cover online or on the air.   cnn has not independently verified the video is authentic, but it was posted on isis-affiliated social media accounts.   cnn has partnered with facebook to host the republican debate on tuesday, december . the debate will actually be split into two debates.   cnn investigations many airport workers not screened guns, yes.   cnnmoney (new york) april , : : pm et most stock quote data provided by bats.   cnnmoney (new york) october , : : pm et social surge - what's trending millions of job openings!   cnn's degrees coverage there has been much good news out of brazil.   cnn's allie malloy, eric bradner, chris isidore and dan merica contributed to this report.   cnn's dan simon contributed to this report.   cnn's dave alsup contributed to this report.   cnn's holly yan, jethro mullen, kevin wang and journalist melia ljuljanovic contributed to this report.   cnn's human to hero series celebrates inspiration and achievement in sport.   cnn's laura klairmont spoke with ivankovich about the motivation behind his work.   cnn's marilia brocchetto, catherine e. shoichet and jessica king contributed to this report.   cnn's mohammed tawfeeq and stephanie halasz contributed to this report.   cnn's most-watched program overall was a special "larry king live" episode in .   cnn's nick valencia and dana ford contributed to this report.   cnn's pamela brown and kevin bohn contributed to this report.   cnn special report: david letterman says good night cnn special report: david letterman says good night : we dropped hundreds of live cockroaches all over david letterman.   cnn special report: watch a sneak peek democrats brought a knife to a gunfight we are creating a nation of addicts what president obama is thinking no excuse for gop temper tantrum was hillary clinton's iraq vote a signal?   cnn's richard quest was on board.   cnn's salma abdelaziz and michael schwartz contributed to this report.   cnn's "state of the union" — kasich; republican presidential candidate mike huckabee; josh alcorn, a top official with the super political action committee working to recruit vice president joe biden to run for president.   cnn's wilfred chan contributed to this report.   cnn talent then and now: 'the seventies' photos as cnn gears up for the premiere of the "the seventies," we asked our anchors and hosts to share photos of themselves from the era.   cnn will air the debate on cnn, cnn international and cnn en español.   coal is by far the biggest source of carbon dioxide and airborne pollutants among fuels used to make electricity.   coalition officials could not immediately be reached for comment on the amnesty report but has previously denied targeting civilians.   coast guard officer scott burgwin, control officer for the maritimes, said the crew spent a tense hours waiting for help.   cochrane has won the world silver in the , three times running, and also owns a pair of olympic medals at that distance.   cockpit security scrutinized after crash revelations germanwings co-pilot 'hid illness' from employer he spoke to the associated press after holding a church service sunday to commemorate the crash victims and support their families.   cockrum doesn't expect bars and taverns to be interested in the new license because it requires that profits from alcohol and gaming be equal.   coe has vented his anger at claims in british and german media that the iaaf had failed to follow up on suspicious blood tests involving hundreds of athletes between and , calling any such claim a "declaration of war" on the sport.   coen has determined there is enough evidence for knight to stand trial in the case, but knight's attorney matt fletcher is scheduled to argue it should be dismissed at friday's hearing.   coe said that he felt that "noise" about his ties to nike were distracting him from his work at the iaaf.   coincidentally, or maybe not, david kim, former service director of that vaunted queen anne establishment, recently signed on as general manager here.   coins featuring the new design go into production monday, though they won't begin to be circulated until later in the year.   colbert also asked about the role of faith in helping him get through the tragedy in his life, and biden told him that his wife often tapes notes for him on the bathroom mirror, like one he recalled that quoted philosopher soren kierkegaard.   colbert said tuesday on twitter.   cold weather and icy conditions forced schools in ohio, pennsylvania, new jersey and new york to either open late or close for the day.   ' coleman once said in an interview that he could “play and sound like charlie parker note-for-note,'' but decided he wanted to develop his own sound.   cole said she was "devastated" about the allegations against the cosby but his pieces would remain on exhibit.   cole’s resignation capped a week in which he ham-handedly tried to control any reports on schock’s redecorated offices.   cole testified he heard routh talk about the shootings four months after the tragedy.   colin blane bbc scotland news labour's shadow foreign secretary douglas alexander and the liberal democrat danny alexander - the chief secretary to the treasury - could lose their seats in scotland, according to an opinion poll.   colin johnson, a corn and soybean farmer in southern iowa, said the lower yields associated with organic farming coupled with higher larger labor and input costs have discouraged him from switching his acres.   "collective action that harnesses the varying strengths of the us, the eu, russia, turkey and others can, and will, turn the tide."   college graduates today are averaging nearly $, in student debt, and living expenses are higher than they've ever been.   collins — not surprisingly — called the play "crazy."   cologne had the better of the first half but the visitors went ahead in the th when andreasen knocked the ball in with his right arm after a corner.   coloma said the government respects the decision of the senate to spend more time to study and scrutinize the bbl.   colombia's eln rebels release canadian mining executive .. colombia's leftist eln rebels have released a canadian mining executive held captive since january.   colonel mcdonough arrived onsite in baxley by helicopter before ceremonies began.   colorado movie theater massacre photos adariah legarreta, , is comforted by her grandmother rita abeyta near the century theater in aurora.   colorado movie theater massacre photos people embrace before a vigil for victims behind the theater where a gunman opened fire on moviegoers.   colorado movie theater massacre photos colorado movie theater shooting – adariah legarreta, , is comforted by her grandmother rita abeyta near the century theater in aurora.   colt has been one of the leading names in the gun industry ever since the s, when the texas rangers adopted sam colt's revolver for the wild west wars against the native americans.   columbus day supporters said the holiday celebrates centuries of cultural exchange between the us and europe, commemorates an iconic explorer and honors italian-americans, a group that has endured its own share of discrimination.   com a man stands with his hands raised in front of a line of police officers during a protest after it was announced that the new york city police officer involved in the death of eric garner was not indicted, wednesday, dec. , , in new york.   combating isis extremism in social media isis has become the hub of social media extremism.   combat readiness of the remaining objects stands at % and further equipping of the facilities will have been completed by the end of the month," a statement reads.   combine okra with tomatoes and corn for a flavorful end-of-summer succotash.   "combining an iwedia software solution plus their integration services capabilities with our latest hevc hybrid stb design definitely enhances the time-to-market for our pay-tv operator customers."   combining data on real-time demand on taxi locations and rainfall data can enable the development of apps helping locals hail taxis during a downpour.   combining proven sales and marketing best practices with award-winning technology, savo addresses all aspects of the sales enablement challenge - spanning people, process, insight and technology.   combining unmatched expertise and comprehensive services in procurement, financial process automation, and asset management, ameriquest business services helps customers move forward in every part of their business.   combustible tubes of nicotine potpourri sprayed with cartoonishly awful carcinogens are not.   comcast corp. gained . percent after chief executive officer brian roberts said he still expects the proposed takeover of time warner cable inc. will close early this year, addressing the growing concerns about the prospects for regulatory approval.   comcast has traditionally been about setting up a local monopoly, lobbying local regulators to help keep competition away and then watching the money pile up.   come again another day: el niño, we're assured, is on the way, even if this wasn't exactly it.   comedian george carlin was the first host, joining a cast of young and upcoming comics known as "the not ready for prime time players."   comedy has saved my life.   come for the riggs and murtaugh, stay for gary busey's mr. joshua getting kick-punched on murtaugh's lawn.   come for the vibe and stay for new tunes like “fm radio,” which, if you’re a fan of everything that was loved about music before the streaming age, will have you shaking your fist in reverential joy at every word.   “come in, come early, get your parking space so we can all enjoy and worship god together.”   come to the one africa!   com has chosen english as your language setting.   com in languages home webisodes reporters what holds you back?   coming away empty-handed on three of their final four possessions, however, the mules could only watch as dexter pulled away by hitting of free throws in the final minute to seal the win.   coming in fourth was "no escape," an expat adventure film starring owen wilson as a father trying to save his family in the middle of a foreign country's political uprising.   “coming soon … dismaland calais,” the artist said on his posting.   comment advertisement emergency crews have rescued six construction workers who had been trapped under wreckage after a scaffolding collapse in downtown houston on friday, a fire department spokesman said.   comment advertisement former virginia gov. jim gilmore says he's planning to announce a run for the gop presidential nomination.   comment advertisement lebron james may need to call janet jackson to get some advice on how to handle wardrobe malfunctions.   commentator and associate editor of the national daily, the australian, chris kenny tweeted, "just another own goal and an embarrassment for australia on our national day".   comment from the september , , issue in “paging dr. carson,” amy davidson writes about how a kid from detroit went to yale, changed neurosurgery, entered politics, and became a republican ideologue.   comment number . posted by devilsadvocate on minutes ago . reinasbaldhead "for all those manc saying scholes, he had major floor.   comment on this story..   comments are welcome while open.   commerce pressed early but was unsuccessful due to the raiders’ speed.   commerzbank made similar claims involving mortgage-backed securities of $ million in the deutsche bank case; $ million for wells fargo; and $ million for hsbc.   commissionaires will monitor the system by scanning license plate numbers, and checking them against the system.   commission chair justice murray sinclair formally ended the six-year commission tuesday with the release of its final report and recommendations for action.   commissioner lesa shaw blocked that by voting "no."   committee meetings are barred to the media and mlas outside the cabinet are sworn to secrecy — a bizarre practice given that they are all public servants doing public business.   committee members called for increased safety screening and pledged to continue to monitor new information.   "commodity prices are highly volatile and unpredictable, posing significant challenges to policymakers in resource-rich economies," the imf said.   common core has become a lightning rod for those who sought a reduced federal role in education, even though the standards were created by the states.   communist vietnam has long been accused of being one of the world's worst countries for trade in endangered species.   communities across canada were urged to blockade railways, ports or highways — "don't buy, don't fly, no work and keep the kids home from school" — to impact the canadian economy as a way to get harper's attention.   communities up and down the animas and san juan rivers have been affected by the million gallons of wastewater that spilled into the rivers, but the navajo nation in new mexico appears to have the most at risk.   community experts are involved in the process, too, making sure programs are lined up to meet the newcomers' needs.   community policing is going to be very important," reasoned brown, as he added that a continued strategy must be to improve the relationship between the police and the schools, churches and other groups in the parish.   commuters expressed exasperation at tuesday's shut-down, intended to allow crews to clear snow from above-ground tracks after three trains loaded with commuters were evacuated due to snow-related troubles.   companies also have had a habit of low-balling their earnings forecasts in the past, giving them an easier hurdle to clear when they report final results.   "companies don't like these votes," perry gottesfeld, executive director of the nonprofit occupational knowledge international, told the huffington post.   companies like caterpillar (cat), colgate-palmolive (cl) and chubb (cb) have also been actively lobbying in washington to remove restrictions.   companies pre-qualified to bid to explore for oil in mexico’s shallow waters will be able to participate in auctions for all available blocks, according to juan carlos zepeda, national hydrocarbons commissioner.   companies such as amazon do have the ability to make the shopping experience more convenient and potentially to undercut mall-based retailers' prices.   companies such as marathon petroleum co and valero energy corp are scrambling to digest the requirements for biofuel use set by the environmental protection agency and work out how much they may have to pay for paper credits to help them meet quotas.   company fundamental data provided by zacks.   compared with a year ago, overall cpi was unchanged.   compared with the previous assessment, the situation in southern and central somalia has improved.   compare that to st. john's, when a student at memorial university is diagnosed with tb there's a media blitz.   compare the purchase and shipping price at three or more sites before you buy anything.   compare this to the previous quarter, and nbn co has passed around , between q and q and activated over , services.   comparing the surgery to hand transplants performed at johns hopkins, he estimated the cost at $, to $, per operation.   competitors including shake shack (shak) and chipotle (cmg) are eating mcdonald's lunch.   complexity makes it difficult to get a clear grasp of whether h&m is a leader so i asked karl-johan persson to succinctly tell his customers why his claims are believable.   compliance with the required standards is very important to the success of our sector, as it improves the overall quality of our tourism product."   compounding the situation, says bies, is that even if the housing authority approved catholique's request, there are few other options.   comptia tends to focus on "core it occupations," that are generally positions that would be found within an it department, said herbert.   compton, viola s., , of cayce, passed away on sunday, may , .   computers were once giant machines kept in air-conditioned, glass-walled rooms, surrounded by technicians and guards.   computex taipei opens tomorrow and runs through saturday at the taipei world trade center’s (twtc) hall , hall and nangang exhibition hall as well as the taipei international convention center.   comrade li jianhua did long overtime, night and day, and put all his energy and passion into the regulatory business."   conaway said in a statement he will hold a hearing this week for members of the house panel to weigh in on the issue.   conceding, "we're still not great in small talk," huhtala-jenks insists that doesn't mean "we're extremely shy, overtly depressed or melancholic."   concerns about an economic slowdown in china and other emerging markets have cast a shadow over the global economy in recent months.   concerns were raised that the comic perpetuated harmful narratives and racist images, but chapters later decided to put the comic back on its shelves and determined it did not violate its policies.   concurrency university gained regional recognition this month in minneapolis, where kate weiland presented outcomes from the program in a meeting at microsoft's offices with microsoft staff and partners.   conditions were much different.   condon and stuckart will submit her name to the city council for approval during its next meeting on jan. . spokane city hall has been swamped by problems after the forced resignation of police chief frank straub.   condor, the operator of the flight, said it received an "unspecified threat" made via telephone, forcing it to divert the flight.   confirming a report in german magazine wirtschaftswoche, spokespeople for bmw and bosch said the companies had joined the lawsuits, announced by deutsche bahn in december.   conflict and civil unrest also play a part.   conflicting reports said almost the entire management team, news readers, journalists and all internal security personnel had been shown the exit.   conflicting views on 'comfort women' cloud south korea, japan summit hours ago seoul, oct. (upi) -- the recruitment of korean "comfort women" forced to serve in military brothels has become a point of contention ahead of a rare bilateral summit.   conflicts have in recent years limited access to the forests.   confronted with weak health systems, the initiatives often built their own parallel systems for procurement, delivery, financial management, and reporting.   confronting my prejudices about people like me mtreasure via getty images i harbor prejudices about people like me: black and living in the inner city.   “congratulations to you, the class of ,” colbert said in the introduction of his speech.   congress has warned it will consider imposing new sanctions on iran if there is no agreement this week, giving an added sense of urgency to the talks.   congressional democrats have pushed for months for such a deal, bottling up routine spending bills in an effort to produce negotiations that would result in increased domestic spending.   congressional leaders have joined in the call for answers.   congressional lobbying disclosure reports show the firm has been paid more $. million since december to represent tk holdings inc., takata's parent company.   congress passed a legislation called the corker-cardin bill, after the two senate authors, that established an oversight process.   congress set a cap for them at $. in .   conn carroll, the communications director for senator mike lee, tweeted, "i'm not letting my boss go on abc until" stephanopoulos "recuses himself from all coverage."   connecticut last executed an inmate, serial killer michael ross, in .   connecticut theater's future in doubt amid noise complaints wallingford, conn. (ap) — almost noise complaints made in the past year could put the future of a major connecticut music venue in jeopardy.   conor mcgregor punches dennis siver during their ufc bout in boston on sunday, january . after winning by second-round tko, mcgregor jumped over the cage's fence and confronted longtime featherweight champion jose aldo.   "consequently, a question arises as to whether the complexity of enabling proprietary companies using csef to access a temporary increase in the shareholder limit would outweigh the benefits," it said.   consequently, banks are having to devote more resources to originating and executing this kind of work.   consequently, federal and state wage and hour laws are “routinely” violated.   consequently, i empower all my clients to understand how to breathe properly.   consequently, it's been heartening to see the steady -- but often interminably slow -- uptake of communities as a more vibrant, connected, engaged, scalable, and diversity-friendly new way of of working.   conservation hunting is such bs!   conservationists estimate that each of the elephant's tusks weighed pounds ( kilograms).   conservationists often track individuals by deploying camera traps that automatically snap photos of the cats.   conservationists welcomed the result.   conservative activists attended the annual political conference to discuss their agenda.   conservative mp bernard trottier is widely considered the front-runner in the riding, having won the vote by about , votes.   conservative mp lisa raitt held onto her seat in the riding of milton.   conservative prime minister stephen harper introduced the legislation after two terrorist attacks in ottawa and quebec.   conservatives, alarmed by the prospect of voter fraud, have passed many state-level laws tightening up voting laws.   conservatives always act like their doo doo never stinks while watching the "stankiest" news network of them all.   conservative spokesman stephen lecce said via email that harper personally called the egyptian president and sent several letters to ensure fahmy's release.   conservatives remained eager to attach restrictions on syrian and iraqi refugees to a spending bill lawmakers must pass by dec. or face a partial government shutdown.   consider destiny clennett, a vuntut gwitchin "jigging" dancer travelling from old crow, yukon.   considering i am fashioning an article out of it too, i will not judge.   considering that the playoff picture seems to change virtually everyday, there is a very good chance that calgary's fate won't be determined until the final horn sounds on the regular season.   considering that unprofitable routes have been cut and flights are fuller than ever, there is little reason for an airline to break ranks and refuse to raise fares, let alone to dare engage in pricing wars.   considering the adoption of a turbo engine in the nx t, it is possible that lexus could offer a new, turbocharged powerplant in the rx.   "considering the rapidly ageing world population and possible manpower deficit in the future, i believe the issue of labour migration will be discussed more at g meetings in the coming years," said erdem, whose country holds the rotating g presidency.   consider it a case for making it to yoga class more often, or cranking up a soothing playlist on your commute home.   consider the consequences.   • consider this: it's more than miles per minute.   consider using a variety of methods to get the word out so you can reach a wider audience.   consider your family size and lifestyle.   conspiracy theorists mining for signs of nefarious cia plots are likely to be disappointed.   conspiring with foreign organizations including palestinian militant group hamas and lebanon's hezbollah to perpetrate violence in the sinai peninsula following his overthrow.   constantly be thinking of ways to expand and improve the business.   constantly seeing airbrushed and sexualised images of women has an extremely negative effect on girls' body confidence, and also affects how men and boys think too.   construction is planned to begin at the end of or the beginning of and expected to be completed in two years.   construction of the bridge is slated to begin in .   consultant and it analyst justin warren describes the challenge this way: "data isn't fungible like compute."   consumer reports’ sensory panel blind-tasted the burgers plain, then with a bun, lettuce, tomato, and ketchup.   consumers are drifting away from the traditional tv bundle and toward apps like netflix, hulu and hbo now.   consumers around the world have the right to know how the cotton that surrounds them is produced and that is it has not been picked by slave labor of others.   consumers have started to taste what it's like to be able to consume their entertainment when and how they want it.   consumer spending accounts for up to % of u.s. economic activity.   consumers will have the option of keeping the cable packages they already have.   consumption of water in the volatile region with rising populations was already at unsustainable levels in many areas hit by record-low rainfall and drought, but wars have pushed systems "close to the breaking point," the aid agency said.   contacting the iss wasn't incredibly difficult for the year old amateur radio operator, but it did take some legwork.   contact jacob morgan the author is a forbes contributor.   contact the author at hilary.   contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   contador, who entered the tour on the back of his second giro d’italia win and seventh grand tour title, is in fifth place — minute, seconds behind froome — while quintana is : behind in ninth and nibali sits : behind in th.   container ship josco view of hong kong, and panama's container ship mol earnest sail through a port in yokohama, southwest of tokyo.   contemporary services corporation partners with hollywood bowl contemporary services corporation (csc), the world leader in crowd management and event security, signs three-year contract with the hollywood bowl contemporary services corporation.   content can include photos and galleries, audio, video, maps and rich interactions such as parallax and animation.   content media will handle world sales for "callas" and introduce the project to distributors for the first time in cannes.   contentment is enough.   content preferences done abuja (reuters) - the nigerian government has agreed to pay outstanding subsidy-related debt to oil product importers, a trade body spokesman said on wednesday.   content preferences done addis ababa, ethiopia (ap) — ethiopia is drafting a new law to stiffen punishments for human trafficking in an attempt to stem a wave of dangerous migrations to europe, the ministry of justice said.   content preferences done a new program aimed at helping college women avoid rape reduced the risk of rape by nearly percent during participants' freshman year, a new study finds.   content preferences done ankara (reuters) - turkish president tayyip erdogan said sunday's election result, in which the ak party he founded regained its majority, showed that the nation had chosen to protect an environment of stability and confidence.   content preferences done athens, greece (ap) — the greek government has temporarily halted work at a canadian-run gold mine in northern greece after determining the company had violated some terms, the country's energy minister said wednesday.   content preferences done athens (reuters) - early turnout in greece's election on sunday appeared to be low, reflecting weariness among an electorate voting in the third nationwide ballot this year.   content preferences done atlanta (ap) — a leaking roof at philips arena has caused a short delay in the first quarter of the game between the dallas mavericks and atlanta hawks.   content preferences done a watchdog group has called for the investigation of the actions of an auto-dealing congressman who proposed an amendment that would exempt his industry from a safety requirement.   content preferences done bangkok (ap) — a new report says human rights workers in myanmar face threats to their personal security despite moves toward political reform since military rule gave way to an elected government four years ago.   content preferences done beijing (ap) — an unemployed man suffering from a liver ailment blew himself up in an explosion that also killed one other person and injured outside a park in eastern china, chinese state media and police said tuesday.   content preferences done beijing (ap) — china on wednesday rejected growing international calls for the release of five women's rights activists and accused critics of violating the country's judicial sovereignty by appealing for the women's freedom.   content preferences done beijing (ap) — police fatally shot a man in northern china who was on his way to beijing to ask the central government to help house and take care of his children and elderly mother, police and a lawyer said wednesday.   content preferences done beijing (ap) — the death toll rose monday to from massive explosions of chemical warehouses in the chinese port of tianjin, where cleanup crews were grappling with cyanide contamination caused by the blasts.   content preferences done berlin (ap) — germany's labor minister is backtracking from a new rule stipulating that old-fashioned jump-on, jump-off elevators can only be used by trained personnel, a restriction that was met with media mockery.   content preferences done beverly hills, calif. (ap) — the th annual academy award nominations for best motion picture have been announced in beverly hills, calif., by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences.   content preferences done dera islamil khan, pakistan (ap) — two missiles fired from a u.s. drone hit a compound in a pakistani tribal region near the afghan border, killing three militants, pakistani intelligence officials said tuesday.   content preferences done des moines, iowa (ap) — iowa democrats are trying to expand access to the leadoff presidential caucuses by allowing out-of-state military members and iowans living abroad to participate remotely.   content preferences done detroit (ap) — a new survey of auto industry quality has found that cars and trucks from europe, korea and the u.s. have improved so much that japanese automakers are having trouble keeping pace.   content preferences done doral, fla. (ap) — just weeks after city officials in suburban miami decided donald trump was worthy of having a key to the city, he's accusing them of having an unconstitutional noise ordinance.   content preferences done edmonton, alberta (ap) — kia nurse scored points and canada beat cuba - on sunday night in the gold-medal game of the fiba americas women's basketball championship to clinch a berth in the olympics.   content preferences done ex-football players were accused of raping a young woman in a dorm room.   content preferences done feeling really angry or anxious can greatly increase your risk of having a heart attack, especially if you feel so tense that you clench your fists, a new study reports.   content preferences done frankfurt (reuters) - daimler on friday denied allegations by lobby group deutsche umwelthilfe (duh) that it had rigged emissions data for its vehicles.   content preferences done frankfurt (reuters) - european central bank vice president vitor constancio said he was confident athens and its creditors will agree a deal to avoid greece leaving the euro zone.   content preferences done istanbul (ap) — turkey's electoral board has rejected a complaint by the main pro-kurdish party accusing president recep tayyip erdogan of violating rules that require him to be impartial.   content preferences done japanese prime minister shinzo abe, his critics charge, has gone on the warpath again.   content preferences done jefferson city, mo. (ap) — some missouri lawmakers plan to try again in january to overhaul laws regulating police conduct in response to calls for change following the fatal police shooting of michael brown in ferguson.   content preferences done lagos, nigeria (ap) — nigeria's police chief is warning that boko haram extremists are building bombs in ipads and cellphones and leaving them for people to pick up.   content preferences done larkspur, colo. (ap) — a man is facing charges of theft and resisting arrest after authorities say he crashed a jousting performance at the colorado renaissance festival and tried to make off with a sword.   content preferences done last year, a man in an exoskeleton kicked off the men’s world cup.   content preferences done london (ap) — chelsea midfielder oscar is out of the hospital following a heavy collision with an opponent during a premier league game that left the brazil international with a swollen face.   content preferences done los angeles (ap) — a southern california woman has been ordered to stand trial on charges that she was intoxicated when she plowed a car into people leaving a christmas church concert, killing three women and a -year-old boy.   content preferences done madrid (ap) — officials say three people were killed and three others injured when a leisure yacht smashed against the rocky northeastern coast of the balearic island of formentera in the mediterranean sea.   content preferences done melbourne, fla. (ap) — a florida man who had "several pockets full of ammunition" targeted his wife in a shooting that killed two people at a mall food court where the woman worked, police said.   content preferences done miami (ap) — the first named tropical storm of the eastern pacific hurricane season has formed far from mexico's coast.   content preferences done microsoft outlook for ios enables you to manage email and scheduling in your iphone.   content preferences done moscow (reuters) - president vladimir putin said on monday the crash of a russian airbus a in egypt's sinai peninsula was a great tragedy and he called on investigators to build an "objective picture" of what happened.   content preferences done nairobi (reuters) - militants from somalia-based al shabaab attacked a village in northeast kenya but were beaten back by security forces, the interior ministry said on friday.   content preferences done nairobi (reuters) - the united nations has secured a pledge for the release of about , child soldiers in south sudan, in what it called "one of the largest ever demobilisations of children".   content preferences done newark, n.j. (ap) — a former teacher has sued a new jersey school board that fired her after her third-grade class wrote get-well letters to a sick prison inmate convicted of killing a philadelphia police officer.   content preferences done new haven, conn. (ap) — a human arm has been found in connecticut near where a pair of legs was found earlier.   content preferences done new york (reuters) - amid evidence of fraud in a high-profile study on how canvassers can convince people to back same-sex marriage, the journal science, which published the study, retracted it on thursday.   content preferences done norristown, pa. (ap) — an eastern pennsylvania man must stand trial on charges he beat and forcibly removed the teeth of his girlfriend's -year-old autistic son while babysitting.   content preferences done opponents of zero-tolerance school discipline are urging congress to use education funding to pressure states to reduce suspensions and referrals of students to juvenile-justice systems.   content preferences done palm desert, calif. (ap) — tony verna, a television director and producer who invented instant replay for live sports years ago, has died.   content preferences done paris (reuters) - eu economic commissioner pierre moscovici said he was "convinced" that euro zone leaders holding an emergency meeting in brussels on monday would find a way out of the greek crisis.   content preferences done peshawar, pakistan (ap) — two roadside bombings targeted pakistani police in the country's restive northwest on tuesday, killing six officers.   content preferences done philadelphia (ap) — five former members of a philadelphia narcotics squad acquitted earlier this year on federal corruption charges have sued the district attorney, the mayor and the police commissioner.   content preferences done pittsburgh (ap) — a pennsylvania man who stored images of himself sexually abusing a girl on a computer tablet and then sold it at a flea market has been sentenced to more than years in prison.   content preferences done raleigh, n.c. (ap) — police say three armed men wearing masks robbed the walnut creek amphitheatre of $,, but left a trail of cash that led to at least one arrest.   content preferences done (reuters) - a u.s. lawsuit raises new questions about the competence of sumner redstone and his ability as executive chairman of viacom inc and cbs corp to run the two media companies.   content preferences done (reuters) - chile lifted the tsunami warning early on thursday it had put in place after wednesday's major earthquake, the government said.   content preferences done (reuters) - france and belgium are hunting suspects after the shootings and bombings on nov. that killed people and injured hundreds at a concert hall, soccer stadium, bars and restaurants across paris.   content preferences done (reuters) - western union co <wu.   content preferences done robert redford was presented with the film society of lincoln center's nd chaplin award for life achievement on monday night.   content preferences done rome (ap) — italy coach jacques brunel has called up benetton treviso center enrico bacchin to replace injured teammate luca morisi for the rugby world cup.   content preferences done saltsburg, pa. (ap) — an -year-old man is dead after authorities say he was thrown from his tractor and crushed by the vehicle at his western pennsylvania farm.   content preferences done san diego (ap) — tribune publishing co. said thursday that it completed its purchase of san diego's dominant newspaper from real estate developer douglas manchester for $ million.   content preferences done san francisco (ap) — a key defendant in an organized crime case in san francisco's chinatown testified tuesday that the undercover agent leading the probe tried to drag him into conversations and force money on him.   content preferences done sao paulo (ap) — brazilian football officials have asked conmebol to probe match-fixing allegations in a copa libertadores game between brazil's corinthians and argentina's boca juniors.   content preferences done sao paulo (ap) — three-time brazil open champion nicolas almagro defeated second-seeded tommy robredo -, - () in the tournament's second round on wednesday.   content preferences done seoul, south korea (ap) — north korea will return two south koreans who pyongyang accused of illegally entering the country last month, seoul said monday.   content preferences done sochi, russia (ap) — russia will not be barred from major athletics competitions because of allegations of systematic doping, iaaf president lamine diack said tuesday.   content preferences done st. paul, minn. (ap) — st. paul's mayor threw out a ceremonial ball of yarn to mark the opening of an annual festival for cat videos that drew thousands of feline fanatics to a city stadium.   content preferences done sunbury, pa. (ap) — a newspaper apologized thursday for publishing a letter to the editor that suggested president barack obama should be executed.   content preferences done sydney (ap) — two-time olympic silver medalist nathan baggaley and his brother were jailed for two years and three months on friday for producing , pills of a party drug and trying to make methamphetamine, or ice.   content preferences done the germ that causes the plague began infecting humans thousands of years earlier than scientists had previously thought.   content preferences done the hague, netherlands (ap) — lawyers for a former leader of rebel serbs in croatia are urging the yugoslav war crimes tribunal to drop the case against him because he is terminally ill with brain cancer.   content preferences done this article, apple store's new fifth avenue neighbor?   content preferences done this article, enter sandman: intel creates evolving d artworks with realsense, originally appeared on cnet.com. view photo.   content preferences done this article, google's new holding company drops 'don't be evil', originally appeared on cnet.com. technically incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives.   content preferences done this article, nbn successfully launches sky muster satellite, originally appeared on cnet.com. view photo.   content preferences done tokyo (ap) — russia maintained its perfect start to the women's volleyball world cup wednesday, trouncing argentina in straight sets to improve to points from four matches.   content preferences done tokyo, may (reuters) - the size and physicality of south africa's fearsome forward pack has rugby world cup opponents japan running for the wings.   content preferences done tokyo (reuters) - japan's weather bureau repeated in its monthly outlook on tuesday that an el nino weather pattern was continuing and there was a strong possibility it would stretch into spring.   content preferences done vancouver, british columbia (ap) — the vancouver canucks have acquired minor league defenseman adam clendening in a trade with the chicago blackhawks.   content preferences done view photo. musician david lowery has filed a class action lawsuit against spotify, claiming the streaming service knowingly distributes copyrighted content, billboard reports.   content preferences done virginia water, england (ap) — miguel angel jimenez hit a record th hole-in-one on the european tour during his third round at the bmw pga championship at wentworth on saturday.   content preferences done washington (ap) — democratic presidential candidate bernie sanders is waving off super pacs that want to help him.   content preferences done washington (ap) — how excited is scott walker about running for president?   content preferences done washington (ap) — the supreme court won't hear an appeal from maine officials who want to remove thousands of low-income young people from the state's medicaid rolls.   content preferences done washington (reuters) - the u.s.-led coalition targeted islamic state with airstrikes in iraq and eight in syria on sunday, the combined joint task force leading the operation said in a statement released on monday.   content preferences done washington (reuters) - the washington post said on sunday an iranian ruling on espionage charges against its reporter jason rezaian was "vague and puzzling", and it was not clear whether it included a verdict and sentence.   content preferences done wellington, new zealand (ap) — a senior new zealand football official has resigned in response to the disqualification of the country's under- team from an olympic qualifying tournament for fielding an ineligible player.   content preferences done we’re constantly surprised by the incredible worlds that game developers are able to create, but we’re never satisfied with the visuals for very long.   content preferences done wheeling, w.va. (ap) — a federal judge has ruled u.s. environmental protection agency administrator gina mccarthy must give a deposition in a lawsuit over the impact of regulations on jobs.   content preferences done your wireless carrier would love to give you all sorts of crazy-cool stuff… but now the mega-bogus fcc is trying to spoil the party.   contest organizers also criticized the large number of photos submitted for the prestigious awards that had been subjected to too much manipulation, saying they rejected percent of images that reached the penultimate round of judging.   "continued community resistance, increasing geographical spread in guinea and widespread transmission in sierra leone, and a rise in incidence show that the response still faces significant challenges," who announced.   continue reading the main story it's difficult to understand the attacks in paris - but the caricaturist's craft offers a means of doing so, says adam gopnik.   continuum feels like a glimpse into the future, though.   contourglobal expects the modernization to create near-term jobs in addition to the long-term technicians employed at the plants.   contra costa’s backlog, and award, was even bigger: over $. million to eliminate , untested kits, according to the manhattan district attorney’s office.   "contrary to assumptions that we take the 'robot taxis and buses' for the loud music and bad behaviour, a lot of times, we are really late and the jutc (jamaica urban transit company) buses take forever to reach because they stop-stop," she said.   "contrary to popular perceptions, they lean heavily towards the west in their search for and acquisition of, goods and services," ansari said.   contrast that with the announcements from jenkins and manchin.   controllers tried to direct the pilot to an airport to kilometres from the crash scene.   controversial celebrity deaths photos princess diana – an official inquest into the august death of princess diana ruled that it was her "grossly negligent" driver and the paparazzi who trailed him that caused the car crash that ended her life.   controversially coiffured real-estate tycoon donald trump will take center stage after leaping to the front of the race last month.   convenience and service are key for a small local retailer and easy close parking is critical."   conversely, if children receive quality education up until legal employment age, they are much less likely to fall into poverty -- and if they are well employed as adults, they will not have to rely on their children to bring in additional income.   convicted murderer arthur hutchinson argued his whole life sentence infringed human rights legislation would it alone "break the formal link" between the british courts and strasbourg?   cook also noted that he decided to come out as gay last year to show support for others and to try to prevent bullying and discrimination.   cook and cohorts are already talking to people to offer tv channel bundles, which could be announced as soon as june and launched this fall.   cooke aquaculture has been in touch with the rcmp and has asked them to investigate.   cook for an additional two minutes until the top is set but has just barely begun to brown.   cook is reported to have told journalists during a special ipad pro event apple's flagship covent garden store.   cook mentioned his intentions in a story about him published thursday by fortune magazine.   cook said he had tried to keep his private life out of the public spotlight, but thought coming out would help people struggling with their own identity.   cooksey said she wants a personal apology from emanuel for what happened to her only child.   "cool because you get to have a crown with real candles and weird because you have to be in the front and have to have your hands together."   cooler conditions, rain and lighter winds have helped firefighters gain additional ground in recent days, though higher temperatures forecasted for friday could pose a challenge, the california department of forestry and fire protection (cal fire) said.   cooper was then arrested and the blunt found on her was tested to be the k brand of synthetic marijuana.   coors light volumes declined two per cent in the quarter, continuing a trend that began nearly three years ago.   coos county voters this month also approved a measure banning gun law enforcement.   copeland's husband said, "it's a blessing she is alive," and called her a "walking miracle."   copenhagenize design co. praised montreal in the report for having strong ridership numbers, a good bike share system, and decent infrastructure.   coplink has been in service for about years and is housed in the national law enforcement telecommunications systems' (nlets) criminal justice information systems (cjis) data center.   coppinger will be among the irish lawmakers who must pass enabling legislation to codify her country's historic referendum vote for marriage equality.   coppi said berlusconi's call to the police official contained no threats "explicit or implicit" and that it was merely aimed at avoiding a diplomatic incident since he believed that el-mahroug was related to the former egyptian president hosni mubarak.   cops add that investigation is ongoing.   cops eventually got him on the ground, and then volasgis shouted "he has my gun!   cop-watching involves observing, filming and sometimes confronting police officers if they're believed to be overstepping their authority.   copyright by the associated press.   copyright the associated press.   copy this code to your website or blog advertisement apple did not immediately respond to cnbc's request for comment.   copy this code to your website or blog advertisement she is charged with first-degree murder, torture and child abuse.   copy this code to your website or blog advertisement the letter comes three weeks after the head of the epa refused to answer a direct on-camera question about whether the synthetic surface is safe to play on.   copy this code to your website or blog an nbc news/wall street journal poll released in april found just six percent of americans had a negative opinion of pope francis, with % of the country saying they have a positive view of the pontiff.   copy this code to your website or blog davis is still pressing a court case on the underlying issue — whether a state official can assert a religious objection to issuing a same-sex marriage license.   copy this code to your website or blog haley said roads and bridges were closed across the state, and , law enforcement officers and , transportation department personnel were working to make them safe.   copy this code to your website or blog in a hearing on capitol hill on tuesday, opm director katherine archuleta came under fierce criticism for the hack, which affected at least . million federal employees.   copy this code to your website or blog "when people have conversations about politics, they have them on twitter," jenna golden, head of political advertising sales for twitter, wrote in a blog post.   cora e. she was the first prominent woman in the german hip hop scene.   coral garnick: -- or cgarnick@seattletimes.com. on twitter @coralgarnick view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   corbyn, by contrast, saw it as a matter of pride.   corey was an artist, a teacher, an interior designer and a collector of items from the past — beaver top hats, a fur muff, a tuba, army hats, and handmade quilts are among the items amassed over the years.   cornhuskers safety nate gerry was ejected late in the second quarter for targeting on a swing pass to perkins.   cornwallis earned his place in the history books — that's why i wrote his first biography in (cornwallis: the violent birth of halifax).   corporate america has vastly more money with which to inform congress.   corporate earnings could sustain or reverse that rally.   correction: an earlier version identified "mother's mercy" as the season finale instead of season . "game of thrones" photos rose leslie as ygritte.   ﻿correction: this article has been corrected to more accurately reflect fiorina's comments on iran's nuclear program.   corresponding declines in motor fuel prices give consumers more disposable income they can save or spend on other things.   cory lindblom is charged with both first-degree manslaughter and second-degree murder.   cosby declined the prize twice before accepting.   cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault.   cosby had fought the request from the associated press to unseal the material.   cosby's lawyers have repeatedly denied any wrongdoing by the -year-old comedian who has gone from being america's pre-eminent father figure on "the cosby show" to pariah.   cosby, who has a doctorate in education, is a strong believer in using television to send educational messages.   costas: caitlyn jenner espn award an 'exploitation play' is it wrong to love makeup?   costco's shares closed down . percent at $. after heavy trading on tuesday and were down slightly more in extended trading.   costs to house the evacuees have ballooned to more than $. million over the past four years.   costumes don't have to be sexy halloween can be the perfect time for adults to show off a little something saucy.   cothran later clarified that businesses that participate in operation groupme are given strict training.   cotler, a human-rights lawyer with international credentials, announced last year he is retiring from politics.   could he be playing third base every day?   could he read a clock and tell him what time it was?   could home equity start to flex its muscle sometime soon?   could interpersonal and, more important, systemic bias play a role?"   could it really be?   could microsoft go at yahoo again?   could nature be thriving in chernobyl?   could the long-lost egyptian queen be just the other side of a wall?   council continues to discuss plans for the new city of glenn heights city hall construction plans and additional funding for the new building while code enforcement challenges in the city were also addressed.   council earmarked almost $ million in its - capital budget to replace old and worn out escalators.   council leader rob stewart said it would lead to a new industry "right on our doorstep that could potentially create a new export market in swansea".   council not bilingual, groups insist now the bloc québécois and french-language advocacy groups impératif français and mouvement québécois français are speaking out against the "bilingualism" of quebec public institutions.   council voted - to consider it.   counterfeiters have used the banks, including the bank of china, to process credit card payments and move their money beyond the reach of u.s. law enforcement.   "counterfeiting affects more than just the local economy.   counterterrorism coordination will tighten to stem the flow of foreign fighters to terrorist groups, protect vulnerable infrastructure and halt terror financing, he said.   count on dj carnita to spin the hits and barbecue to keep you moving.   countries bordering france including belgium, germany and switzerland also said they were stepping up checks after french authorities also announced restrictions for traffic in and out of the country.   countries resorted to using their defence and military forces for the command and control of containment measures.   “countries should not be allowed to pick and choose which bits of international law they are bound by,” said darren kindleysides, director of the conservation group.   countries such as the philippines would also need aircraft, boats and other equipment to join any patrols.   county executive steve stenger said the state of emergency could be lifted as soon as wednesday, depending upon how tuesday night unfolded.   county prosecutor john molinelli said carter allegedly asked the boy, who wore a cowboys jersey to the service, to step into one of the rectory's rooms and stand against a wall.   couple lost son to drinking and driving patricia hynes-coates and terry coates, who lost their son in a drinking and driving incident, were also at the event on monday.   couric defected to cbs in , where she became the anchor of the "cbs evening news," the first woman ever to solo-anchor a nightly newscast.   courjal then sang a stirring a capella version of la marseillaise, the french national anthem.   courser said the email he wanted graham to send would "inoculate the herd" — an apparent reference to his and gamrat's supporters.   court documents indicate when rcmp officers arrived at reptile ocean, savoie had blood on his hands and shorts.   court documents obtained by the associated press have revealed that cosby acknowledged under oath in that he obtained quaaludes to give to women with whom he wanted to have sex.   courtesy of ian fagan harry bowman, , of upland, was a father of two daughters, ages and , family member bill kraft told the los angeles times.   courting champagne travelers while schlappig and his fellow oenophile fliers might not be in the majority, they're certainly significant enough for airlines to start paying attention to their selective palates.   courtney williams had points for the bulls (-), but missed a three-pointer at the buzzer that would have tied it.   cousins was -for- for yards.   cov focus on beach +shoreline today with park rangers+van volunteer corps supporting shore clean-up.   covington and his giddy teammates posed for a celebratory picture in the locker room that the junior guard posted on twitter.   cox is one of numerous canadians who have been exposed to the phone scam, in which a fraudster poses as a police officer or agent with the canada revenue agency.   cpaws says the federal proposal would still allow oil and gas drilling and seismic testing within the protected zone.   cpr was provided by officers and emergency medical service personnel.   crab fishing is very sustainable, very manageable and very renewable."   craggs told the court that landry’s narrative of events, which he told to police when interviewed following the death, stops at the point when the twin maggies rammed boudreau’s vessel.   cramer has also noticed that the telco stocks seem to be in a league of their own lately, with each one having its own distinctive quirks and sets of opportunities and pitfalls.   cramer has seen this happen countless times during apple's historic run from generational lows in march .   cramer: selling wells fargo now would be stupid cnbc hrs ago fred imbert investors should not jump ship from wells fargo following the bank's mixed second-quarter results, cnbc's jim cramer said tuesday.   cramer's message to obama: this could be like cnbc is it time to stop thinking of apple as hardware company?   cramer took a contrarian position on the topic; although most commentators want the oil prices to stabilize and rise, he wants them to keep going down.   crashes on lagimodiere and sage creek spark safety concerns the developer of the subdivision, qualico, told cbc news a second entrance is in the works and should be in the ground by next summer.   creamer said the entire trans-atlantic transport operation would cost $,.   creamer would love for organizers to at least listen to the idea of women playing a masters in consecutive weeks with the men's tournament.   create a hulking, man-powered monstrosity that resembles the ed- from robocop, and pitch it as a more humane alternative to soulless robots.   create a new password we didn't recognize that password reset code.   create a new password we've sent an email with instructions to create a new password.   created by lagerfeld the fashion designer is no newcomer to the lead awards.   created by sandwich chain quiznos, the ad is a touchingly glorious send-up of wandering into the desert to find your true dusty self.   ➢ create economic opportunity: provide jobs and opportunities related to historic sites through incentive programs for the local population to create a vested local interest in protecting the sites and artifacts.   creating a stable shoreline volunteers pile up brush and hay bales to help support the cliff.   creative finance the u.s. postal service says it lost $ million in the most recent quarter.   creativity often thrives in solitude for several reasons.   credit: andrew harnik/ap pope francis in washington u.s. president barack obama (l) greets pope francis (r) upon his arrival september , at joint base andrews in maryland.   credit: associated press french president francois hollande, right, awards the legion of honor to anthony sadler, a senior at sacramento university in california, in paris on aug. , .   credit: associated press when the matchup began, the crowd was firmly behind roger federer.   credit: billie weiss/getty images patriots victory parade the victorious new england patriots ride down boylston street in boston, massachusetts, february , .   credit casey kelbaugh for the new york times "angry shovel dad" at fat jew's fashion show.   credit: cbsnews.com one of interpol's most wanted indonesian plainclothes policemen escort indian gangster rajendra nikalje, widely known as chhota rajan, as they walk outside denpasar police station, october , .   credit.com : what is credit repair?   credit.com hrs ago christine digangi more than , homes in the u.s. were repossessed last month, up % from april , marking the completion of the foreclosure process for thousands of homeowners.   credit: fabrice coffrini via getty images sepp blatter reportedly feels he's been treated unfairly during the fifa ethics scandal.   credit: gary cameron/reuters hurricane joaquin a patron departs from a starbucks that is fortified with sandbags in alexandria, virginia october , .   credit: gerard tonti gerard tonti's "scoop," made from hibiscus tea, rooibos tea, clitoria ternatea tea, coffees, espresso, espresso grinds, coffee filter papers and rice papers on canvas.   credit guillaume roujas/nowfashion runway look at tommy hilfiger.   credit illustration by matt panuska the eyes are bolder than the ears: cultural consumers more readily embrace the visual avant-garde than they do the musical equivalent.   credit jason merritt/getty images ms. jenner in balmain.   credit josh haner/the new york times cnn can put away the extra lectern.   credit: kevin winter/getty images actress rosamund pike attends the th annual academy awards nominee luncheon at the beverly hilton hotel on feb. , , in beverly hills, california.   credit: kevork djansezian/getty images "downton abbey" joanne froggatt, right, of "downton abbey" accepts the award for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series at the st annual screen actors guild awards in los angeles, jan. , .   credit: library of congress william mckinley before william mckinley moved to pennsylvania avenue, he called the ohio governor's mansion home and served as that state's th governor.   credit: miramax with sandra bullock in the tearjerker romantic drama, "hope floats" ().   credit: paul michael hughes/guinness world records tallest married couple sun mingming, , and his wife xu yan, , of china have a combined height of feet . inches.   credit: rafat khalaf ​sameya omarkheil sameya omarkheil is a -year-old student at st. paul's school of nursing in queens, new york.   credit rebecca smeyne for the new york times kim kardashian west at givenchy’s after-party.   credit: reuters/lucas jackson "inside llewyn davis" in the coen brothers' "inside llewyn davis" (), carey mulligan played a folk singer, jean, opposite justin timberlake.   credit sam hodgson for the new york times jun , jun , know where the camera is product placement —american pharoah version — was on display in the trophy presentation.   credit: usgs with california now five years into a debilitating drought that has led to the first statewide water restrictions in its history, some el niño-fueled rains (if not the more damaging aspects) may be quite welcome right now.   c. remain perched comfortably atop the east and are very much still a part of the hunt for the supporters' shield—the lackluster performance exposed a pair of weaknesses worth expounding on.   cressy points out brookfield's valuation is based on a condo proposal that currently wouldn't be permitted at the site.   crewe made sure of the win with a goal from uche ikpeazu.   crew member jocelyn dunn said it was awesome to feel the sensation of wind on her skin.   crew members wearing breathing apparatus got him out of the building while others tackled the flames with a hose reel jet.   crews are working to fix the latest break, which happened on murray avenue.   crews battling a separate blaze in the sierra nevada on friday had reopened one lane of a freeway linking sacramento and reno and were escorting traffic through the fire area.   crews had been working to clean up the tar, the source of which has not been determined.   crews quickly worked to put out the flames.   crews removed the bodies of two men and a woman from the home at oxford house, also known as bunibonibee cree nation, kilometres northeast of winnipeg.   crews used a hose reel to put out the fire in the roof space of the building while further firefighters tackled flames from the outside.   crews were pouring water onto the structure more than two hours after the blast.   crews will ensure that the sprayer is not treating within metres on each side of a buffer-registered property on the front street, side street, and rear lane, the city said.   cricket australia security staff were expected to brief the federal government's department of foreign affairs and trade on wednesday, after returning from meeting with bangladesh officials in dhaka.   crimean tatars leaders chubarov and dzhemilev urge the government to stop the supplies, even at the cost of sufferings for the -strong tatar population.   crime has actually been down since .   criminal though cheap trick's exclusion was up until this point, i was stunned to see that chicago native chaka khan is also still not in the hall of fame—a mistake that will surely be corrected through her nomination this year.   crisis in ukraine photos a man holds a ukrainian flag as he covers a victim of an explosion in kharkiv, ukraine, on sunday, february . the explosion during a peaceful protest left two dead and wounded.   criticism around the gender identity portion of the program has been particularly contentious in light of the fact that premier kathleen wynne is openly gay.   criticism of germany's role in the recent negotiations over greece's future has been fierce.   critics are especially concerned about low diversity rates among technical workers, such as computer software developers or hardware engineers, which are usually the highest-paid jobs at most silicon valley companies, outside top management.   critics argue that paypal is actually trying to avoid diplomatic problems in russia.   critics in st. louis and elsewhere in missouri say taxpayers shouldn't have to foot the bill for yet another football stadium.   critics say it is unfair that scottish mps should help decide how things such as schools and the health service are run in england, when english mps have no such say over how they are run in scotland.   critics say that's not sufficient.   croatia forms on dropbox a project of a facebook group geared toward migrants in croatia, the various folders shared in this public dropbox account contain documents helpful for asylum seekers and other newcomers to the country.   croatian interior minister ranko ostojic urged serbian authorities to halt the migrants, and the migrants themselves not to come to croatia.   crocodile tears of releasing four years of being married to a disease that ran down my face and onto his examining table and onto the three inch, three ring binder that contained every one of my cancer reports from the very beginning.   crooks try bold scam impersonating u.s. consumer watchdog it takes a lot of chutzpah to invoke the name of the federal trade commission (ftc) as part of your scam.   crop profitability seminar january th texas a&m agrilife extension in ochiltree county will host a crop profitability seminar for area producers on tuesday, january , .   cross curricular includes art and biology.   crouch said the planet's temperature got a boost this year from the el nino effect in the pacific ocean.   crouse says the car was destroyed.   crowds have gathered outside the prime minister's office, holding up "free kenji" and "i am kenji" signs.   crowds snaked their way through the tiny premises in belfast city centre, dominated by a head-high stack of crisp boxes and bottles of sauce lining the wall.   crown castle has been working for a group of cellular companies to install new equipment, designed to allow security officers, media personnel, and fans to communicate without glitches or delays on super bowl sunday.   crucially, they concurred there should be a review every five years after , when the agreement kicks in, of the collective effort to curb planet-warming greenhouse gases to ensure the c target remains within sight.   crude exports in february averaged . million barrels a day — almost a million barrels less than planned.   crude had come under pressure on tuesday from international energy agency (iea) forecasts of continued supply growth in the united states to despite lower prices, and of a possible further rise in stocks to a record high this year.   crude oil rebounded from weakness as the market responded to a larger-than-expected inventory draw.   crude prices have more than halved over the past year, with brent tumbling from nearly $ a barrel in the middle of to below $ last month.   cruz also brought along his friend and fellow teammates robinson cano and felix hernandez, who after a long season, are surely relishing the chance to watch some football.   cruz could go without insurance, or his family could get its coverage directly from an insurance company at what would likely be a far higher rate than is available via an exchange.   cruz crashes rubio's big day cruz crashes rubio's big day : the texas senator is set to deliver a speech monday afternoon to the conservative john locke foundation in north carolina.   cruz, however, joined the chorus of conservative critics of the gang of eight bill.   cruz's book, "a time for truth," sold nearly , copies in its first week of release starting june -- performing better than all but two other books.   cruz's odds -- which stand at percent -- are greater than trump's percent odds for the first time, according to the political prediction market, a live, online game, conducted by the company pivit for cnn.   cryan is familiar with how deutsche bank operates due his experience of working on its advisory board.   cryan's co-ceo jürgen fitschen is stepping down next year.   crystal is an independent linguist and the author, co-author, or editor of more than a hundred books about language.   cse tracks millions of downloads daily: snowden documents the intercept's story: canada casts surveillance dragnet over world’s file downloads cse: what do we know about canada's eavesdropping agency?   csi) was up . percent by noon, while the shanghai composite index (.   ctia, to which at&t referred the center to answer questions about financial ties with apco, did not address an emailed question about whether wireless companies used sponsorships and other donations to influence dispatcher associations.   ctitv’s news channel yesterday released a statement condemning the violence, adding that police are investigating the incident to determine who was at fault.   cuba and the us: thawing relations january , world in pictures: us-cuban relations december , us & canada what is behind the us-cuba thaw?   "cuba has great filmmakers and a robust arts culture and one day we hope to be able to bring their work to our global audience of over million members."   "cuban artists are very well compensated, but from abroad because in cuba there is no domestic art market."   cuban migrants are being turned away from nicaragua's border with costa rica as many as , cubans have been stranded in the northern part of costa rica since nicaragua's clampdown.   cuba's inflation is expected to stay low at around % in and , and understandably so, as prices are controlled in the communist country.   cub," died january in chicago, family attorney mark bogen said.   cubs chairman tom ricketts released the following statement: “words cannot express how important ernie banks will always be to the chicago cubs, the city of chicago and major league baseball.   cuc gach quan is like home, complete with a grandma doing the cooking.   cueto, the dreadlocked starter acquired from cincinnati, was brilliant in game for the royals against houston — retiring batters in a row at one point.   culex mosquitoes, among others, hatch on top of permanent ponds.   cumhuriyet said the images were proof that turkey was smuggling arms to rebels in syria.   cunningham was one of a large group of people that were causing a disturbance at an off campus housing complex early friday morning.   cuomo also took the opportunity to lament the state of gun violence in the u.s., repeatedly calling the shooting "so unnecessary" in a gaggle with reporters monday morning.   cuomo says the inmates could have had a head start of as much as six hours before their absence was discovered around dawn saturday.   cup or cone, each flavor is $, including the swirl (we recommend the cone, which is homemade and tastes like honey and almonds).   curie, a new button-sized computer for smart clothes, is due out later in and includes bluetooth radio as well as the latest from intel's quark line of low-power chips.   curious about what caused it, westerhoff studied the contents on the candy and found that it contained titanium dioxide, an ingredient that is added to all sorts of consumer products, including sunscreens, cosmetics and food.   currencies: the euro slipped to $. from $..   currency traders allegedly shared customer orders through chat rooms and used that information to profit ahead of their clients.   currency union finance ministers also want to examine whether savings deposits should be insured europe-wide.   currently, about % of people exposed to rabies live in poor, rural areas of africa and asia with no access to prompt treatment should they be bitten.   currently, a charge of $. (the amount set in ) appears on the county tax bills.   currently amtrak only has cameras facing outwards, along with a so-called black box, or data recorder that measures locomotive and engineer actions.   currently, london's victoria and albert museum is running an exhibition of eccentric dresses designed by the late alexander mcqueen.   currently, many municipalities are housing refugees in gymnasiums and tent camps.   currently, the dnr is asking the legislature for millions in additional firefighting resources, and tools to bring dead and burned forests back to health.   "currently the investigation is looking into a possible collision with an obstacle damaging the ship's hull near the machine room as the most likely reason for the ship's rapid sinking," they added.   currently, the nfl's first written arguments will be due by april . "it'll be up to the parties if they want to move this more quickly and seek a hearing sooner than that," gans said.   currently, you are completely dependent on russian soyuz capsules.   current smokers had similar frequencies.   currie says the government and the nurses union are working to find a solution.   custer’s fourth scorer was kaycee thomsen, who took ninth in :, an improvement from her performance last week.   "customers are prepared to pay and prepared to pay a premium.   customers of the company receive priority technical support and get access to the latest components that have not yet reached the mass market.   customers then use the money to purchase new titles.   cute puppies are hard to beat.   cutting off banking support would be "a profoundly political decision," says commerzbank chief economist joerg kraemer.   cuvelier said she realizes the college is in a difficult position and she blames the province.   cyber criminals should not have a safe haven to shop for the tools of their trade and operation shrouded horizon shows we will do all we can to disrupt their unlawful activities."   "cyberjihadist attacks are commonplace, but this is the first time they have been able to stop a television channel," this source said.   cybersecurity: how safe are you?   cycling in seville photos nice racks – cycle parking spaces are in short supply in seville.   cyprus and egypt have strong historical ties and their relations became even closer when egypt provided cyprus with guns in the s.   cyprus has been trying to extend its tourist season beyond november, as tourism contributes over percent in the eastern mediterranean island's annual economy of about . billion euros.   cyprus joined the european union in still a divided island, and although the north is technically part of the bloc, turkish cypriots are denied nearly all of the benefits of eu membership.   cyprus peace talks, bilateral relations, the refugee crisis, eu reforms as well as regional and common interest issues are on the agenda.   cyprus police arrest teen at airport with fake uk passport according to reports, the fake passport was obtained in northern cyprus.   czahor did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment about the tweets and his role in bush's political operation.   czarnecki confirmed the readiness of the european parliament to support ukraine on the issue of eu’s introduction of visa-free regime with ukraine in , which will serve as a powerful impetus to the country’s modernization and reforms.   czech number two karolina pliskova, ranked th, will then face fourth-ranked russian number one maria sharapova in the hosts' quest for the fourth trophy in five years.   dabadie says alonso will be extradited to baton rouge, where he'll be booked with first-degree murder and second-degree kidnapping.   dacha launched a social media campaign, asking people to tweet elected officials about increasing the capacity.   dad, jan. , : a.m.: the x-ray led to a pneumonia diagnosis.   daenerys will unleash the dragons.   "daesh (islamic state) is already sending advance guards to southern and western afghanistan to test for vulnerabilities," ghani said.   "daesh threatens not only syrian people but also turkey," he added.   dahal told dpa that the "international community should not dump unnecessary items on us," adding that nepal needed very specific contributions: money, tents, dry food and medical volunteers.   dahl, who at the time was an advertising copywriter living in los gatos, california, told people that he came up with the idea while drinking at a bar with his friends.   daily demand is for , cubic meters per day, but only , cubic meters are pumped into the city and of that almost percent never reaches the customer, official data show.   daisy johnson, , said she and her husband rushed along with other relatives to their storm shelter across the street from the house after they heard a twister was headed their way.   daiwa securities group inc’s fund-management arm said it stopped purchases and redemption’s on two funds tracking china’s a shares.   dale russakoff, reporter for the washington post and author of the prize: who’s in charge of america’s schools?   dale testified woychio removed $ from her and forcibly removed her purse injuring her hand.   dalhousie university law professor and cyberbullying expert wayne mackay said anonymous has played a role in advancing the cause of justice, such as spurring governments to take action.   dallas cowboys wide receiver dez bryant () catches a pass against during the second half of an nfl … while almost every cowboys fan will remember this game for the reversed call, coach jason garrett said the loss didn't come down to officiating.   dallas — local hockey players tom kostopoulus, harrison ruopp and reid mcneill took a break from slinging hockey pucks to sling salads at red leaf salad company on sunday.   dallas wrestled in other matches at the event too, but others were not received before press time.   dam construction and oil drilling are a threat to their future, but they still roam outlying regions of western kenya with their herds - for the moment.   damon dahlen/huffington post esperanza spalding joins marc lamont hill to co-host a huffpost live discussion about closing guantanamo bay on jan. , .   dana under the terms of the agreement is afforded the right to sell the egyptian government's share of production of condensate, an ultra-light form of the reserves, at market rates.   dance + architecture: jessica lang dance performs a full length program that includes the premiere of tesseracts of time tonight at harris theater.   dance music has proved to be compatible with nearly anyone.   dancers work to make back their money and any profit from table dances that cost $ on the main floor and $ in the vip room.   dance yourself clean (instagram) dance yourself clean every saturday over at the satellite in silver lake, you can expect to get your indie-electronic dance on.   dan elliott view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   dangerous km/h winds blow into southern manitoba as a result, greg graham with oakwood roofing anticipates the company will have a busy few days ahead of them.   daniel carr scored on a power play for montreal, while paul byron added a short-handed goal.   daniel craig attending the world premiere of spectre, held at the royal albert hall in london.   daniel fagg was banned from driving for a year police are enforcing this by using roadside impairment tests and new drug-testing equipment.   daniel mchardie has been a reporter with cbc.ca in new brunswick since .   daniel paquet/flickr . newfoundland and labrador high school students in newfoundland and labrador can access free online tutoring.   daniel pollack-pelzner teaches english at linfield college, in oregon.   daniel ray tindall, who's been a trooper for years, was charged late last month with tampering with evidence and rendering criminal assistance to his son, who's accused of a host of crimes, including trying to light a car on fire.   daniel woodall," mayor don iveson said haltingly.   daniel woodall, shown here with his wife claire, was shot and killed monday night.   danny cipriani's test career england's build up to the home tournament, which starts in september, has been hit by off-field issues.   danny woodhead has all three rushing touchdowns the chargers have collected this season.   danroy henry jr. was his legal one, and that’s the name in the rap song that two superstars dedicated to him months after he was killed.   darden has cut jobs, closed its private aviation department and revamped its leadership since starboard took over the board.   dardis, who met graham during the midterm elections as he campaigned for iowa sen. joni ernst, said graham drew a positive response during his remarks and a question and answer session.   darent valley hospital has reported a rise in elderly admissions as temperatures rocket.   darmstadt have been brutally efficient on set pieces, and on nine minutes, aytac sulu headed in a konstantin rausch free kick.   darren: "i think fury is the most worthy for spoty..   darren willett from minster was hosting a lesson and travelling over the brow of the bridge towards sittingbourne at about pm when a vehicle in front came to a stop.   dartford worked the ball down their right flank and then across to bradbrook, who arrowed a precise shot into the bottom corner as young stood and watched.   darth vader, yoda, luke skywalker and obi-wan kenobi are among the characters recreated in scenes from the six films so far in the saga.   dash has also been producing self-help videos based around organizational life skills such as research, planning, and effective decision-making.   data courtesy of statistics canada.   dave tyreman said a frantic woman called around p.m. last friday reporting that two dogs had killed her cat and were trying to kill her and her husband.   david ake, file) washington (reuters) - the internal revenue service said on thursday tax-filing season would kick off this week and it is offering taxpayers online advice on how to deal with obamacare.   david bowie's ever-changing look photos bowie appears at the disc and music echo valentine awards ceremony at the cafe royal in london in february .   david branford of fallbrook came home to his house on the block of saint peter's drive around : p.m. on friday afternoon to realize that the contents wrapped in a blanket were much grislier than he initially thought.   david cameron is also expected to highlight the role that families and communities can play in countering radicalisation, when he addresses a security conference in the slovakian capital bratislava later today.   “david cameron made a commitment to kick-start a cycling revolution.   david cameron should actually explain why his government stubbornly refuses to accept its european responsibilities and duly welcome more refugees as the number arriving in the eu continues to grow.   david cone, carlos beltran and saberhagen are among the guys who played for both teams.   david danner, chairman of the commission, said that public safety is key as the commission considers the joint stipulation seeking to return the "truck duck" vehicles to the road in days.   david frei, a longtime breeder, owner, handler and judge in the world of purebred dogs, will co-host the event with nbc sports analyst mary carillo and nbcsn reporter kelli stavast.   david halperin, a washington lawyer who tracks investigations against for-profits, has taken federal officials to task for not moving more aggressively against schools with long records of complaints.   david lancaster, general manager at classic buick gmc, said the showroom has an alarm system but no video surveillance.   david made the decision after cast members said they couldn't figure out how to work with swedberg, alexander said wednesday.   david matusiewicz, his mother, lenore, and his sister, amy gonzalez, are on trial on charges related to belford's death.   david mccullough looks through his damaged house after a tornado hit the area earlier in the morning, saturday, oct. , , in friendswood, texas.   david mccullough's sustained the most damage, and he and family members and friends were trying to salvage personal items, photos and documents from the home, where he's lived for years.   david miller, a fan from sheffield in northern england, described the numbers as disappointing.   david moye reporter, the huffington post a professional boxer claims he was drugged and forced to do gay porn, but the company who filmed his scene refuses to take that accusation lying down.   • david olsen scored the game-winner in seattle u’s - win over dartmouth (--) in a men’s soccer match.   david smith, chair of the department of electrical and computer engineering and director of the center of metamaterials and integrated plasmonics at duke university.   davies arrived at the old course hotel about p.m., changed clothes and headed to the reception.   davies said there was worldwide interest in the diamonds, which are to go on sale on oct. , as they are viewed, like artwork, as collectibles.   davis has previously played with the university of minnesota women's team, and currently plays for the calgary inferno of the canadian women's hockey league.   davis says $.-billion in new exploration commitments for the province’s offshore is good news.   davis, who was -for- with four strikeouts against rosenthal (-) prior to the ninth, lined a - fastball into the st. louis bullpen in right-center for his th homer of the year.   davutoglu will remain in brussels for a meeting with fellow ministers from nato.   davydova, , who opposes the ukraine conflict, phoned the ukrainian embassy last april to allegedly report the military base located near her residential building in vyazma had emptied, suggesting its soldiers might have been deployed across the border.   dawn's considerable experience in the media and consumer space, coupled with her strong understanding of programming content, means she is very well-placed to drive getty images forward.   day becomes the youngest aussie to reach number one and the third in history behind greg norman and adam scott.   daylight saving time fast facts so how can we convince all these local governments to take on this initiative?   days after the megadata collection program expired, a gun-wielding couple opened fire at a san bernardino office holiday party.   day's delay, as paris climate summit nears finish line .. racing to strike an accord, negotiators at the paris climate conference have stretched their schedule by a day.   days later, trump entertainment resorts filed for bankruptcy.   day’s spokesman said they’ve scheduled a hearing on this issue in november.   day two of the investigation and authorities say they still have no new developments.   d.c. did me in, and indeed, my heavily-mimosa-ed brain led me to succumb fully to the soothing sensation of sinking deep into a pit of translucent balls.   dcist: was that the only time you worked with sidney lumet?   d., curator of maritime history at the national museum of american history smithsonian institution.   ddos and rat attacks don't require much technical skill the agency specifically mentions lizard stresser, a ddos tool built by hacking group lizard squad and used to take down the online network of the ps and xbox one last christmas.   dead bodies washing up on italian shores are put into garbage bags and thrown on top of each other in a cooling chamber - then to be buried anonymously in mass graves.   deadline for award submissions: dec. . below is a gallery of photos including past reader’s lens picks.   deadly copenhagen shooting treated as terror attack a shooting at a cafe in copenhagen, denmark, left at least one man dead.   dead moon has been a model of the diy ethos since their formation in , and it is that determination that propelled them through their set friday night.   dean atta is a poet who's gifted, politically engaged and rigorous in his approach to his work.   dean obeidallah that's why i mentioned those words to president obama when he met with muslim-american community leaders earlier this year.   dear will appear in court monday.   death of the president visitors to ford's theatre will take a journey back in time during an around-the-clock event on april -.   death toll rises in christmas tornadoes across the united states several consecutive days of severe weather systems have resulted in more than a dozen tornadoes across a number of us states.   debate over the level of female participation at global events like the wef is, of course, important, but we must also look beyond the figures.   debates should be open to all canadians, regardless of where they live or with whom they associate."   debbie was placed in solitary confinement on the night after her death sentence was pronounced.   deborah treisman is the new yorker ’s fiction editor and the host of its fiction podcast.   debra kay hemanes and macall dyer led the munroe lady bobcats to a stunning victory over previously unbeaten famu high after scoring and points, respectively.   debris rained down on adjacent rail tracks and suspended service for the day.   december , west virginia attorney general tells parents to watch for identity theft posted: wed : pm, dec , charleston, w.va. (wsaz) -- the holidays are right around the corner, bringing food, fun and presents.   december , - russian president vladimir putin meets with castro in cuba.   december , - cuba releases american contractor alan gross as a "humanitarian" gesture after five years in prison.   december , - an estimated , people are killed when a . magnitude earthquake strikes near sumatra, indonesia, and causes a subsequent tsunami in countries in south asia and east africa.   decency must remain a core german value.   decertification can happen when an officer is convicted or found to have committed noncriminal misconduct.   dechert said he'd been speaking as a lawyer, not on behalf of the government, when he earlier predicted that the court would "most likely" grant an extension.   declining unemployment could mean that many people in cities with shrinking economies stopped looking for work.   declining unemployment rates were caused more by discouraged worker syndrome than anything else.   deed no charge between columbia gas transmission & c&p telephone and wv dot, washington dist., circuit court order db /, as of --.   "deep diving whales you generally don't see near the coast, so it is very unique for it to wash up on the beach," hunter said.   defence attorneys noted that kyle had described routh as "straight-up nuts" in a text message to littlefield as they drove to the luxury resort.   defence lawyer gary miller began cross-examination of lead investigator, const.   defence minister rob nicholson insisted nothing had changed.   defendants who aren't considered a threat or a flight risk are often not placed under arrest, though a formal detention hearing is frequently held later.   defending champion spieth’s best shot of the day left him one stroke back on , alongside compatriots bubba watson, bill haas and brooks koepka, and australian adam scott.   defending it, he said, "no deal means a greater chance of more war in the middle east."   defense attorney lindsey haugen said during the bench trial tuesday that the law is not clear whether a zamboni is considered a vehicle, or whether it is illegal to drive the machine on the ice while drunk.   defense attorneys were not granted a postponement monday of the trial of richmond hill explosion suspect mark ray leonard, despite an expert witness for the prosecution saying he made errors involving his gas flow calculations.   defense attorneys who have challenged the credibility of the witnesses are set to make their closing arguments to the jury later monday.   defense labs possibly mishandled plague bacteria hours ago washington, sept. (upi) -- defense department labs may have improperly stored samples of bacteria that could cause plague, a pentagon spokesman said.   defensive end william hayes was more effusive in his praise for donald, telling the post-dispatch, "i'm not taking anything away from j.j. he is one of the best in the league.   deficit remains “if the wettest year were to occur, we still wouldn’t erase the deficit we have seen in the last four years,” said alan haynes, service coordination hydrologist at the california nevada river forecast center in sacramento.   de gaulle says non — twice though britain was absent at the eec's formation, it soon changed its mind.   de grasse also took bronze in the men's metres.   delays of several hours were expected on northbound and southbound lines, montenegro said.   delay your benefits “you have the ability to time when you want to receive your benefits,” says jay messing, senior director of planning for wells fargo private bank.   delisle says after complaints about the $ park and ride system last summer, when no parking was available at the moncton stadium, changes have been made for this event.   dell is promising around hours of wireless web browsing for the core i with k display, and a massive hours for the core i with hd display.   delta mobile creates, develops, markets, and sells unique, advanced wireless and mobile communication products and services for oems.   demi lovato, selena gomez share rare, silly selfie hours ago los angeles, sept. (upi) -- demi lovato and former best friend selena gomez were photographed together for the first time since february this week.   democracy in the country would've been better served had it chosen a different path, writes dw's grahame lucas.   democracy's three-way division of power and system of checks and balances was "indispensible," walesa said.   democrat bill clinton made a brief stop in january after damaging flooding in the area.   democratic california rep. sam farr has authored a provision that would allow sledding on the grounds of the u.s. capitol when it snows.   democratic sen. joe manchin of west virginia is a co-sponsor.   democratic virginia gov. terry mcauliffe tried to expand medicaid but was blocked by republicans.   democrats also pushed their advantage among african-americans and latinos to record highs, as both groups showed up in historic margins.   "democrats have been clear from day one about the way out of this mess: take up the clean homeland security funding bill which republicans signed off on in december - and which is ready to come to the senate floor - pass it, and move on."   democrats have long called for eliminating a number of loopholes that benefit wealthier americans, while republicans support lowering tax rates across the board, but especially corporate rates, which they say would kick-start the economy.   democrats have repeatedly proposed closing that loophole, but the national rifle association and its republican allies have blocked those efforts, so it’s still legal.   democrats lost control of the senate in , and can't reintroduce bills to close the gun show loophole, block the mentally ill from buying guns or restrict the use of high capacity magazines.   democrats pointed out that rubio's expensive college costs were footed in part by pell grants and stafford loans, which are administered by the education department.   democrats pounced on the political opening.   dempsey's character pays mancini, a cheerleader, to pose as his girlfriend so he could clim the social ladder at his arizona high school.   denis asked that clayton's orders be held "in abeyance," despite the fact provincial law required the ministries to produce the records within days.   denly said: “i felt in pretty good touch most of the innings and was made to work hard for every run.   denmark and france remain on high alert.   denmark: yes to eu, but no to the euro analysts have speculated over the possibility of denmark eventually abandoning its shadowing policy, following switzerland's decision to remove its cap of . francs to the euro.   dennis bruce says the government should defer replacing western memorial hospital in corner brook and the waterford hospital in st. john's, until the deficit is under control.   dennis oland received $, and $, for the same roles the court heard.   dent's treatment by inkster police during a jan. traffic stop sparked outrage after the video was released by nbc affiliate wdiv.   denver has several underground clubs where patrons use marijuana for a joining fee, but the city has intermittently arrested people for public consumption at those clubs.   deol faces three months being added to his sentences of he fails to pay the money.   department leaders emphasize this creates major morale problems for their workforce, especially since many of the workers are younger border patrol or airport checkpoint agents who do not have a lot of savings.   department of environment spokeswoman jennifer graham says all of the shacks were supposed to be removed by march , under the clean environment act. 'for the most part, people clean up after themselves and respect the environment.   department rules adopted since the crash require every police officer involved in an accident to undergo alcohol testing.   departments are expected to experience improved workflow as a result of the enhanced floorplan.   department secretary ernest moniz said in a statement that the projects outlined in the settlement will benefit new mexico communities and will not detract from cleanup at los alamos or the waste isolation site.   depay should get a warm reception in the philips stadion having helped psv to a first title win in seven years last season.   "depending on the mood and circumstances, there is no reason not to hold a high-level summit," he said.   depositors from other parts of china have traveled to beijing to protest at government offices and the headquarters of china central television, according to yin jun, an employee of a solar power company in the eastern province of jiangsu.   deposits had already been made for the $, wedding so instead of canceling and letting the food go to waste, the bride's family invited the city's homeless to dine at sacramento's citizen hotel on saturday.   depp's jimmy isn't manic like pesci's tommy, but he's mercurial, and he's scary.   deputies eventually found fuller outside a home, and ran inside, according to the sheriff.   deputies say although they had the same last name, it is not believed that the victim and the suspect are related.   deputies say the girl has blond hair and blue eyes and was wearing blue shorts and a blue shirt.   deputies were able to arrest the taylors and estrada-cardenas based on several interviews and information from the scene.   deputy attorney general mike gilmore argued that the tribe missed the deadline by four days, not by one like the tribe says.   deputy police chief richard collins admits there's a problem, and said police have already stepped up patrols in the area.   deputy prime minister prakash man singh had been addressing the crowd gathered as part of the campaign to collect public suggestions on the draft constitution.   deputy social security minister dimitris stratoulis, from the far left of the ruling syriza party, made clear the decision was a negotiating tactic.   deputy thurman was also involved in the shooting of a dog last year, after the dog attacked laslo.   derby-lewis, who has cancer, was sentenced to life in prison, along with polish immigrant janusz walus, for the shooting.   derulo’s latest album, “everything is ,” which came out in june, bounces from slick pop tunes like “cheyenne” to harder-edged r&b tracks like “love like that.”   described by curley as having “top potential,” the courses were complete and growing in when machines arrived to remove sand cap, drainage and irrigation pipe in the process of conversion to farmland.   designated hitter nelson cruz and pitchers james paxton and taijuan walker joined furbush as uniform models.   designer label vivienne westwood has launched a collectors' necklace featuring a sheep pendant.   desmond richardson is the co-founder and co-artistic director of complexions contemporary ballet, a company that seeks to reinvent dance by creating an open environment that embraces multicultural forms of movement.   "despite all the certainty that everyone attaches to the diseases and the birth defects people are seeing, we really haven't sorted out exactly what the long-range impacts are," she told dw.   despite a shrinking crowd as attendees streamed out of the hall after clinton and then sanders, o'malley received a warm welcome, too.   despite a spirited challenge by the rd-ranked african side, china held on to make it through to the last eight for the sixth time.   despite beijing's statements, china has exercised long-standing bans on uighur communist party members, government workers and students joining in religious observances.   despite being miles west of south america, it continues to lure travelers with the promise of encounters with playful sea lions and flamboyant blue-footed boobies.   despite being heavily hyped during the general election, it was poorly thought out and sprung upon civil servants with little instruction other than the bill needed to achieve royal assent as soon as possible.   despite being outhit - by the royals, toronto pounced on kansas city’s pitching in the first alcs game in toronto since for their most runs ever at home in the postseason — after scoring a total of three in two games in kansas city.   despite concerns about substance abuse, backers of the project say they plan to donate to social causes in the city.   despite deep nerves, many voted for the first time when they cast a ballot for castro, he said.   despite demands from lawyers for , euros per family, the airline has insisted that its offer goes "well beyond" what it is legally bound to pay.   despite discussions on their educational value, video games have increased in popularity among kids of all ages.   despite her success, leslie rule said her mother never let money change who she was.   despite high growth rates, inflationary pressures have been contained and even more so with decreasing oil prices as year-end inflation is projected to close at around ½ percent.   despite his appeal with elements of the republican grassroots, some gop operatives have wondered whether carson could assemble the financial muscle to mount a serious bid for the republican nomination.   despite his fame and millions, cosby came from a humble upbringing.   despite his international career starting on a high with a goal on his first call up against the faroe islands in october , he also fell out with national bosses.   despite its stature as a boutique agency in an intensely competitive industry, business challenges have never deterred the agency from giving back to the community - whether through donating time, money or professional services.   despite losing - to the struggling atlanta braves on tuesday night, toronto still has a three-game division lead after the new york yankees lost - at tampa bay.   despite most of the migrants continuing their journey onto northern europe, austria still expects a record , asylum claims this year, making it one of the highest recipients on a per capita basis.   despite our obvious bias to the sport we love, there is no denying that rugby provides one of the best full body workouts you can get.   despite receiving $ million from the us in "non-lethal aid" in , the group has been hampered by infighting and lost fighters who joined the better equipped and more motivated al-nusra front.   despite sharing control of the city for several years, never before have the regime and kurds in hasakeh have come together to fight is.   despite strong demand in many markets across the country, some homeowners are skipping the process of officially listing their home on the multiple listing services, leaving agents with the task of finding a buyer without publicly advertising it.   despite the abundance of private pools, the main pool is still popular among photographers and is often used for wedding ceremonies.   despite the animosity between the two groups, hariri's future movement is now working with hezbollah to contain sectarian tensions back in lebanon that have been exacerbated by the war in syria.   despite the billions of dollars in aid from the international community after the collapse of the taliban in , afghanistan remains among the world's poorest nations after decades of conflict.   despite the injury, she averaged . points while shooting . percent from the field and . percent on three-pointers.   despite the known health risks of eating raw pork, its sale was not regulated because, a ministry official said, not many restaurants served raw meat or organs.   despite the lack of total participation however, customers said they noticed the difference, particularly downtown.   despite the language and cultural differences, we have the ability through trust to be able to talk quickly about issues,” he said.   despite the mess, there is still something to be thankful about.   despite the recent uptick in the price of fuel, southwest stated last week that it would save at least $. billion in fuel costs this year compared to .   despite the recession, the chain's sales are growing, thanks to a thrifty remake of its reopened stores.   despite the risks, wells loved his job.   despite the stock market's blasé reaction to nov. 's fed announcement, federal reserve interest rate policy could also be a decisive factor in future months.   despite the strength of the proposed new powers, however, officials at a briefing weren't able to say which measures would have prevented the attacks.   despite the technical separation, there is a freeflow of people between the federal and provincial wings of the same party.   despite the touristy-ness of it all, most agree inle is unmissable because of its peaceful floating gardens and entire towns hoisted onto stilts.   despite this being their first year in the top league, sunderland have excelled - after winning three of their opening six fixtures, they sit fourth in the table and are just five points off the top.   despite this, many were still in use, exhibiting mould and rust, sewage odors and defect heating radiators in washrooms during winter, he said.   despite vocal opposition from the u.s. catholic bishops, for example, % of catholics now favor same-sex marriage.   despite wednesday’s retreat, the s&p held above certain resistance levels, challenging bearish investors.   "despite what yellen said, there is still no guarantee that the fed will hike rates this year.   detaching from the fruits of our actions has great benefit, since it relieves us of the overwhelming feeling that often comes when we seek nothing less than perfection.   details of the “ring” casting will be announced later, jenkins said.   details of the deal haven't been announced; last month recode reported that negotiations were underway.   det ch insp john bent of northumbria police said: "to shoot someone in the throat from half a metre away is a cold-blooded killing.   detectives have recovered multiple firearms connected to the case -- though they can't say yet how many people might be involved with emmerson's death.   detectives say that the ligature used was a piece of medical tubing commonly found in a hospital or medical setting.   detectives think murry was laying in wait for his wife amanda to come home from work and when she didn't show up went ahead and launched his attack.   determined to give it another shot, a group of local leaders led yakima back to the finalists’ competition in denver again this year and got the result it was after.   detroit has additional corrosion control, using phosphates to help coat the insides of pipes and limit lead from leaching into the water, the governor's office said.   detroit missed the big price escalation most of the country experienced during the s.   detwiler and frasor are with the team for friday night's game against the cubs.   deutsche's new co-ceo, john cryan, announced the plan to streamline the bank shortly after his appointment in june.   deutsche welle: mr. statkevich, how does it feel to be free again?   deutschland und seine muslime" (literally translated: who is we?   developer eurocapital properties issued a similar statement.   developer jeffrey bachand has built apps allowing echo to control his smart lights, which are connected to quirky's wink hub, as well as his nest smart thermostat.   developers interested in getting access to the knowledge and action graph api can request access to the first test group by emailing partnerwithbing@microsoft.com. microsoft plans to license the knowledge and action graph api for free, officials said.   developers, investors and some city employees are excluded from the deal.   developers were not allowed to use the functionality, and apple only let them in on the technology a year later.   "developmental dyspraxia impacts additional motor skills such as ocular, short-term memory issues, judgment, processing and function delays, sensory concerns and language," he said.   development banks have a particular role to play in providing finance and attracting private capital to developing countries.   development will drive the majority of floods' growing impact.   dewdney avenue at night saskatchewan roughriders fans are no fans of the winnipeg blue bombers, especially during the annual labour day classic.   dexter is from san bernardino and is a doctoral candidate in east asian studies at cornell university.   dexter returns to action tuesday when it hosts new madrid county central.   dg: what made the meeting great?   dhaka's high court asked the south asian country's film censor board to justify within four weeks why the film had been given a clearance certificate.   diagnostic and performance data from vehicles is also reportedly captured.   diallo accused the commission and the government of abuses including ballot stuffing, allowing minors to vote, changing the electoral map and intimidation.   diamond earrings, such as the popular in-and-out hoops, sparkle day or night.   diaz's most recent film credits include "annie," ''sex tape" and "the other woman."   did he manage to touch the bra without touching the floor?   did he return with instructions?   did he want to see the world?   did india's 'frugal' engineering pitch sell at hanover fair? .. it's been a colorful week at the hanover industrial technology fair.   did new technology kill voicemail?   "did somebody need to go to bullfeathers?   “did that happen in the street?”   "did they give up the second week of april or was it a substantial effort?"   did v. stiviano try to extort sterling?   “die le pen!” the cover reads.   "diesel vehicles can be up to percent more fuel efficient than gasoline, so it's doubtful that this week's issues will blow the sector apart," she told the reuters global gold forum.   dilution caution a weak earnings quarter could look worse against diluted shares, and companies with share prices that fall into low single digit pricing could risk delisting - or be blocked from selling their shares to margin buyers.   dimapur town remains under a curfew, sema said, amid growing tensions between native nagas and bangladeshi migrants in the district.   d. in pastoral clinical counseling and doctorate degree in ministry from the university of family bible in baltimore county, maryland.   diplomatic relations were suspended and the british embassy was closed after hundreds of iranian demonstrators stormed the building in november .   diplomats are concerned that any further concessions would embolden tuaregs in neighbouring niger and algeria.   directed by olivier nakache and eric toledano -- with whom sy was reunited for "samba" -- "the intouchables" became the biggest-selling french film overseas of all time.   direct mail service was halted in , though letters and packages travel back and forth through countries like canada and mexico.   director general jibrilu said officials recently signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with eastern airlines in hopes of getting more airlift out of the west coast of the us.   director general suleiman bin abdullah al-amro told satellite broadcaster al-arabiya on saturday that unusually powerful winds in the area also tore down trees and signs as a storm whipped through the area.   director james ponsoldt (the spectacular now) gives himself an out in a new film based on interviews conducted by reporter david lipsky with the late author david foster wallace.   directors of the company formally applied to enter into a cva as they say it is not in a position to meet its liabilities “as and when they fall due.”   dirk hammer, a sumte resident, said he felt sympathy for the refugees but feared the sheer number of people dumped with little warning in places like this could offer “an ideal platform for the far right.”   disclaimer: aleem khan is a journalist and accepts no responsibility for decisions based on the above forecast.   discordian wrote on a text-hosting website called pastebin.   discover all of the great concept art and wallpapers too!   discover magazine ranked it among the greatest science books of all time in , declaring, “legions of neuroscientists now probing the mysteries of the human brain cite this book as their greatest inspiration.”   discuss: full of action, the new 'legend of tarzan'..   discussing new track "fade," which he revealed at yeezy season , he ominously noted, "that song i played has been a year and a half in the making and it may be still a year from being complete.   dishes such as "tribute to thelonius monk" are conceptual plates based on meditation, listening and tasting in the dark.   disney's animal film "monkey kingdom" debuted to $. million to claim the seventh spot, in line with last year's "bears," also from disneynature.   disney's newest princess and other animated heroines photos disney says its newest character, princess elena of avalor, will draw from latino culture.   dispensaries are still serving some medical-marijuana patients in washington, but their number is not known and they will be folded into the state’s regulated system soon or be shut down.   dispirited staff: after years of relentless cost-cutting, driven by the goal of boosting eps, workers complain that the cuts now affect ibm’s muscle bone and vital organs.   dissly will be a jack-of-all-trades, capable of playing tackle or end.   district attorney scott mcnamara said the beatings may have lasted more than ten hours.   district covers lombard st. to poplar st., broad st. to the schuylkill river aggravated assault: wallace st; vine st; chestnut st. robbery: n. th st; arch st; market st. burglary: none reported.   district judge andrew sweet told the former another level star he was "satisfied that he assaulted her in the manner she described".   ditto when you’re flying with fido.   diverse teams, in terms of gender and race, are successful teams that generate revenue.   divorce in iowa, like most states is no-fault for divorce, meaning the parties need not prove infidelity or any other basis in order to secure a divorce.   divots: colt knost had a — the best round of the day — to tie for th at under.   diwa's account was backed up by several other residents, who took advantage of the chadian advance to flee the ancient town, which is near boko haram's makeshift camps in the sambisa forest.   dixon said hood collided with a member of the navy's precision skydiving team.   dj crews sonorama and the ponderers will play old school latin tunes while vintage mexican horror films provide the visuals. p.m. no cover.   dji) down . percent and the nasdaq composite (.   dj lemahieu, who entered the game to play second base in the seventh inning on a double switch, had a two-run single with two outs in the eighth to break a - tie as the rockies beat the nationals -.   djokovic had it unexpectedly easy against murray, who was shaky on his serve and bad-tempered with it, double-faulting to yield the first of three breaks in a forgettable first set.   djokovic has not lost to an australian in a tour-level match since .   djokovic, on a -match winning streak, has breezed through the first two rounds with his only concern being a nasty fall against gilles muller on thursday which required treatment on his hip.   djokovic, who is - versus raonic, is seeking an eighth grand slam title.   dmitry orlov sprung latta with a pass from near centre ice.   dmitry peskov said sir elton was, "a quite respected and well-loved performer for us".   dms has now permanently shortened the web link in the collection letter."   dmsp-f, the oldest operational satellite in the -year-old network, was in a -mile ( m) high polar orbit.   dmv food truck association executive director che ruddell-tabisola has a slightly more measured response.   dnainfo found a treasure trove of photos in the chicago public library's digital collection that show anish kapoor masterpiece from start to finish.   "doa gaun" or "dress for praying."   do asked the audience.   do better next time sir.”   do board members, who should be in a position to supervise the captain, not notice?   docker ceo: why it just got easier to run multi-container apps read more "solomon is one of the big contributors to the project.   doctor convicted of murder in overdose deaths of patients will china's 'firewater' make a splash in the u.s.? what's behind the white house's 'shift' on syria?   doctor not available timmons broke his arm when he hit a large pothole while riding his bike in his st-henri neighbourhood and flipped over his handlebars, landing on his arm.   doctors say they can't do much more for him.   documents show allen listed north centennial st. in indianapolis as his address.   documents show she arranged traffic jams to punish the mayor, who didn't endorse christie for re-election.   dodge and srt received more than , orders for the new dodge challenger srt hellcat in just the first five days after orders opened in september .   dodgers ace clayton kershaw is set to start at colorado, trying for the fourth time to earn his th regular-season win.   does checking my credit score hurt my credit?   does greece want and need a third bailout package in june when you run out of money?   does he regret opening the door for criticism by again talking about trump on weei?   does platform entice you to test openstack atop your vsphere environment?   does porn profit from such perceptions of black men?   dog call on south c, v.c. at : p.m. report taken.   "dog-friendly means your dog is welcome," she said.   dog rescue – it's a cold-hearted traveler who fails to be charmed by the pupstep plus pet stairs.   dogs with thick jaws are known to kill large prey by chasing it in packs and nipping the prey in the rear flank.   dog walkers are plentiful in new york, a city short on backyards but flush with moneyed residents intent on finding only the best for their little lulus and tinkerfluffs.   do i believe a formal strategic advisor would have steered price in another direction?   doing so allows you (or your company) to save hundreds of dollars on apple's direct-from-factory solution by easily implementing your own with larger hdds and faster ssds.   do it in private, and be sympathetic, like you’re doing him a favor of pointing it out and not like you’re telling him that he’s a horrible, unclean, noisome, malodorous slob.   doj and atf's efforts should include focused, annual inspections of dealers supplying crime guns and public disclosure of information related to the supply of crime guns.   dolan said the case shows “how precarious jahi’s living situation is.   dole faces two kinds of legal actions that have been combined because they both allege the buyout price was too low.   dolezal had been "assimilated into the black culture and the african american community now for years," her father larry said.   dollar tree gained $., or . percent, to $. after reporting that its income rose nearly percent in the latest quarter as shoppers spent more at its discount stores.   "do me a favor: save a little for my funeral."   domenic rinaldi, the principal owner of sun chicago, a $ million chicago brokerage firm for small to medium-size businesses, has been working with his brokers on how to represent buyers.   dominique mosbergen senior writer, the huffington post angela weiss via getty images wayne dyer on january , , in los angeles.   dominique mosbergen senior writer, the huffington post warning: twitter was transformed into an nsfw treasure trove of genitalia this week, and we have a group of virginia tech biologists to thank for it.   donald joy donald joy is described as '" tall, weighing lbs., with dark brown hair and brown eyes.   donaldson left thursday's opener in the fifth inning after taking a knee to the head in a slide at second base in the fourth in breaking up a possible double play.   donaldson, who received ,, total votes, will be making his second straight all-star start, while washington nationals outfielder bryce harper led the national league voting.   "donald trump continues to stand behind his comments calling latino immigrants rapists who bring drugs and crime to the united states," the petition read.   donald trump in the public eye photos business mogul donald trump announces his candidacy for the u.s. presidency at trump tower on tuesday, june , , in new york city.   donald trump in the public eye photos trump and his wife, melania, attend the michael kors spring fashion show during mercedes-benz fashion week at the theater at lincoln center on september , , in new york city.   donald trump, keith ellison, elections , election, anti muslim, islamophobia, demagogue, george wallace, joseph mccarthy suggest a correction enter your email address to get top stories and blog posts emailed to you each day.   don amero is closing out those shows saturday night and cassidy mann is on stage at p.m. on sunday.   donations came in many sizes, from a $ check to an $, bequest from a seattle woman’s will.   donations if desired to the pcc, st peter’s & paul church.   don dunphy inquiry will definitely be held, andrew parsons says rod and natalie jacque, winters' father and step-mother, said in a statement to cbc's labrador morning they were pleased with the announcement, but cautious.   done by gopal sharma kathmandu (reuters) - nepalese maoists leading a nationwide shutdown amid violent protests and clashes with police called off the strike on tuesday as anger rose at the disruption their drive for a new constitution was causing.   done by laura zuckerman (reuters) - california on wednesday became the first u.s. state to ban commercial and sport trapping of bobcats, amid growing controversy over hunting the abundant predators whose pelts can fetch hundreds of dollars.   done by matthew stock an advanced virtual reality headset could be a game-changer for the entertainment industry and give people with certain disabilities new powers of communication and interaction, according to the developers.   done by syed raza hassan karachi (reuters) - the pakistani military on friday lashed out at the leader of one of the country's biggest political parties, in rare censure of a civilian politician for his sharp criticism of the army.   done by tim mclaughlin yangon (reuters) - myanmar released the results of its first nationwide census in years on friday, but the survey excluded the country's muslim rohingya minority, who complain of deep state-sanctioned discrimination.   done fall river, mass. (ap) — lawyers for former new england patriots player aaron hernandez have asked a judge to throw out his murder conviction, saying it was based on "improper speculation, conjecture and guesswork."   done pros copy to registry: during setup, nircmd offers to copy itself to the windows registry, so you don't have to type "nircmd.   done "this year's conference, as always, will focus on the most timely issues of the day," said dr. thomas smith, director of the usfsp honors program and a conference founder.   done view gallery audiences thought they'd have to wait until december to see more scenes from "star wars: the force awakens," but a newly released international trailer features as-yet-unseen footage.   done view gallery bajakovo, croatia (ap) — shocked into action, serbia and croatia agreed friday to increase the flow of asylum-seekers over their border after thousands were forced to spend a muddy night out in the open in near-freezing temperatures.   done view gallery beirut (afp) - lebanese paid their respects saturday to the late former prime minister rafiq hariri, a decade after his assassination in a massive and shocking suicide bombing that destabilised the fragile country.   done view gallery beirut (afp) - russia's recent military build-up in syria aims not only to boost the embattled regime of crucial ally bashar al-assad but also to send a strong signal to the west, experts say.   done view gallery berlin (ap) — the german government on saturday harshly condemned riots in front of a new asylum shelter near dresden in eastern germany which led to injured police officers.   done view gallery budapest, hungary (ap) — jeno buzanszky, a defender on hungary's golden team of the s, was laid to rest in st. stephen's basilica on friday.   done view gallery calistoga (united states) (afp) - kyle noble was celebrating her th birthday in northern california wine country when a wildfire incinerated her home and every memento of her life.   done view gallery campitello matese, italy (ap) — alberto contador's dislocated shoulder stood up to the mountain test as he retained the overall lead through eight stages in the giro d'italia on saturday.   done view gallery cannes (ap) — rooney mara scored a fashion coup at the "carol" premiere in a diaphanous white gown that upstaged her more famous co-star cate blanchett.   done view gallery chennai, india (ap) — stan wawrinka will defend his chennai open title against aljaz bedene of slovenia, the first qualifier to reach the final in the tournament's -year history.   done view gallery chinese stocks stormed into positive territory in volatile trade thursday as beijing launched new measures to halt a dramatic sell-off, prompting asian markets to rebound, but dealers questioned whether the gains would last.   done view gallery concepcion, chile (ap) — andre carrillo and paolo guerrero each scored second-half goals to help peru defeat paraguay - in the third-place game at the copa america on friday.   done view gallery davos (switzerland) (afp) - us secretary of state john kerry set out his vision for the fight against islamist violence on friday in an impassioned speech in davos where he also announced a visit to nigeria.   done view gallery geneva (ap) — u.s. secretary of state john kerry had a bike crash sunday outside of geneva and was flown by helicopter to a swiss hospital for treatment of a likely leg injury, a u.s. official said.   done view gallery glasgow (afp) - voters in glasgow said they hoped for a stronger voice for scotland thursday as britain voted in elections set to see the scottish national party make big gains and become a potential kingmaker at westminster.   done view gallery hempstead, texas (ap) — texas authorities released additional footage from sandra bland's three days in jail, saying they wanted to dispel rumors that she was dead before arriving.   done view gallery hyderabad, india (ap) — despite hopes that weekend thundershowers would help end a raging heat wave in southern india, the rain brought only limited relief as the death toll since mid-april approached ,.   done view gallery key west, fla. (ap) — a california community college professor has won the lorian hemingway short story competition, the literary highlight of key west's annual festival celebrating author ernest hemingway.   done view gallery london (afp) - labour urged prime minister david cameron to address low pay on wednesday after a charity revealed more than one million people were reliant on food banks in the past year.   done view gallery london (afp) - queen elizabeth ii led millions of britons as they fell silent to honour members of the commonwealth's armed forces killed in conflict at the annual remembrance sunday service.   done view gallery madrid (afp) - sevilla came from - to blow the la liga title race wide open with a - draw against leaders barcelona on saturday.   done view gallery melbourne, australia (ap) — canada's milos raonic defeated ukrainian qualifier illya marchenko - (), - (), - to advance to the second round of the australian open on tuesday.   done view gallery moscow (ap) — russia could be back on the path to reinstatement for next year's olympic track and field competition after reaching an agreement with the ioc on anti-doping reforms.   done view gallery new york (afp) - macy's became the latest company to sever ties with a defiant donald trump on wednesday, saying it would end the trump clothing line following the mogul's controversial remarks about mexican immigrants.   done view gallery new york (ap) — u.s. stocks are opening lower as investors consider the implications of the federal reserve's decision to hold off raising interest rates.   done view gallery oceanport, n.j. (ap) — triple crown winner american pharoah had another easy gallop saturday morning at monmouth park, his final serious exercise before the $. million haskell invitational.   done view gallery seoul (afp) - south korea's moon kyong-jun notched up his first career victory to claim the gs caltex maekyung open near seoul on sunday, despite a heart-stopping bout of the jitters on the final hole.   done view gallery stockholm (afp) - with secret codes and locked-down communication, swedish publisher norstedts has kept the plot of the sequel to the best-selling millennium crime trilogy, due out on thursday, shrouded in secrecy.   done view gallery sydney (afp) - an australian man who reportedly joined a group fighting islamic state jihadists in syria will be deported from germany, the foreign ministry said saturday.   done view gallery tel aviv, israel (ap) — jewish communities around the world faced an "explosion of hatred" last year, with the number of violent anti-semitic attacks rising by percent, according to a report released wednesday by israeli researchers.   done view gallery the puzzling white spots on the surface of the dwarf planet ceres are definitely reflecting sunlight, scientists said, but the cause of the marks remains a mystery.   done view gallery united nations (united states) (afp) - the un security council on monday demanded that burundi's government immediately reopen talks with the opposition to put a halt to a spiral of violence that is pushing the country to the brink.   done view gallery washington (afp) - a script-flipping nba campaign reaches its mid-season break for the all-star game this weekend with the golden state warriors and atlanta hawks the surprising pace-setters among a host of upstarts.   done view gallery washington (afp) - two us special forces troops assisted in the rescue of six americans from a luxury hotel in the malian capital friday after suspected islamist gunmen stormed the site, us officials said.   done view gallery yokohama, japan (ap) — the cutting-edge technology was billed as a way to decipher where exactly the morass of nuclear fuel might sit at the bottom of reactors in the japanese power plant that went into multiple meltdowns four years ago.   done view photo cosmonauts mikhail kornienko (left), gennady padalka (right) and nasa astronaut scott kelly (center) work on emergency training in a mockup of the international space station in houston.   done view photo khail and ashley wonder what other civic woes can be solved by self-tweeting objects, investigate a new kind of vr camera and watch an origami robot self-assemble, walk, climb, dig and dissolve.   done view photo nasa astronaut scott kelly is seen in his nasa spacesuit on the international space station on oct. , ahead of his first spacewalk on oct. with crewmate kjell lindgren, also of nasa.   done view photo the microsoft lumia is equipped with windows mobile.   done view photo these wearable sensors can sense movement and muscle activity.   done view photo washington (ap) — in a rare admission of error, the white house said monday that president barack obama or another high-level representative should have joined dozens of world leaders at an anti-terror rally in paris.   done view photo you won't be able to travel to the past or future, but if you're in new york city maybe you can catch a free ride in a "back to the future"-style delorean on wednesday.   donna broomfield said that her son — who had been the production manager for the family's manufacturing firm —had left to join the kurds about four months ago.   do not give credence to ethnic/religious claims to political authority?   "do not pay attention to sunset time and definitely do not carry a light – it's way easier to lose the trail, get lost, and freeze when you can't see where you are going.   donovan will now reach ages beyond his brother: , , . donovan will go to school, fall in love, live a full life.   don't avoid that.   'don't believe everything you see online,' and 'if it's too good to be true, it probably is.'   don't be, says jan zobel, author of "minding her own business: the self-employed woman's guide to taxes and recordkeeping."   don't be shy about it, everyone was new to new york once upon a time, except, of course, those battle-hardened residents who've lived here their whole lives and know it all.   don’t bother waiting in line for free tickets at that show.   don't buy the gb apple iphone s k video, live photos, bigger apps, and ludicrous price per gb make it a ripoff.   don't call the irs filing a federal tax return is about to get more complicated for millions of families because of president barack obama's health law.   don't come up with requirements that take years to build.   "don't create your own by combining fireworks or pouring gunpowder from one into another," frye said.   don’t diminish the talents, input and assistance your spouse can bring to any given situation."   don't fall into this trap; if you're more in love with the fantasy of your partner than who he or she really is, you need a major reality check, said marina sbrochi, a dating coach and the author of stop looking for a husband: find the love of your life.   don't forget this merry maids pro-tip: when dusting with microfiber, be sure to dust past the end of a surface.   don't go over there," she said.   don't hear the word administration and look at the latest scores instead.   don't know what happened at that point as i wasn't going to go sit near him.   don't let it be over.   don't let your words be a window to your frustration!   don't look for support from the fans to get you through the tough slogging, unless there's a bunch of penguins rooting you on.   don't make it too long and try to capture his attention quickly.   don't make it worse with high-priced aspirin.   don’t miss: apple rumored to be working on a crazy iphone design change we thought we’d never see the new report comes from newly leaked documentation from nsa-whistleblower edward snowden, who made them available to the intercept.   don’t miss: how to clean up your netflix queue in simple steps bgr already told you almost everything you need to know about the new galaxy s in an exclusive report late last month.   don’t miss: the biggest indication that apple watch is a dud so far these are paid iphone and ipad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers.   don’t miss: windows is spying on almost everything you do – here’s how to opt out ios beta (or public beta ) includes the wi-fi feature we’ve been waiting for years: it will automatically switch to cellular data whenever your wi-fi dies out.   don't read the headlines every day and adjust your goals based on the market."   don't rely on the stats presented in the real estate flier.   dont see how oems are going to work from computers vendors.   don't sweat the small stuff.   don't take my prediction as an insult to nokia or its investors.   don’t twist what i say here, i am not saying that carroll or millsap are the reason the hawks aren’t winning a championship.   "don't we view this as war?   don't you just hate people who rush from the back of the plane in an attempt to disembark first?   dooks says the town needs good medical services if it hopes to attract young families to help the area grow.   do one generous act for someone else every day.   doors open at p.m. and dinner starts at p.m. contact dan dowden for dinner reservations () -.   dorena reservoir is doing a little better.   dorothy norma (mowrey) cummings, , died at : a.m. saturday, june , at willowbrook in savoy.   dortmund forward pierre-emerick aubameyang also returned ahead of schedule from international duty.   dot alone allotted a budget of php-million for souvenirs, cultural and social events up to the ministerial level as well as tours.   dotcom has stepped back from the cloud storage firm to fight his extradition and to bankroll the internet party, which failed to gain a seat in parliament during last year's new zealand general election.   do they really hate oil and gas?   do they sit quietly?   doucette had been travelling with her husband, , and their two granddaughters, ages seven and eight, when the man lost control of the pickup truck and struck a guardrail, said montana highway patrol trooper mitch voss.   dougherty's duties have included posting real-time social media updates on the project.   doug honig, spokesman for the american civil liberties union of washington, said haler’s remarks during the hearing weren’t “representative of where the people of washington are.”   douglas and the tigers close out the regular season saturday, february , when they host ohio wesleyan for a p.m. contest.   douglas battled stage four throat cancer in .   douglas mombeshora, the lands minister, recently said black farmers can enter into joint venture with partners of other races.   douglas said that employees actually put themselves at risk by using personal accounts at work.   dover goalkeeper mitch walker saved goldberg's initial effort before he fired in the rebound.   dow futures were up . percent at ,..   do what you think is best for you," he said, laughing.   dow jones: the dow jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by dji opco, a subsidiary of s&p dow jones indices llc and have been licensed for use to s&p opco, llc and cnn.   "down here, especially in nashville, although it's not rare, it certainly on average happens once or twice a winter."   downing had collected veterans affairs benefits, but police were still determining which branch of the armed service he served.   download abc news for iphone here or abc news for android here.   download the free rtv app to get the latest news on the go and receive alerts to your phone sign up to have the latest news headlines delivered straight to your email inbox copyright scripps media, inc. all rights reserved.   downside risks linger, notably potential interest rate hikes by the us federal reserve this month or in december, which might cause wild fluctuations across global financial markets, wu said.   doyle said she lived in ballard for years but lost her apartment when her landlord sold the building.   do you at least think it'd be cool if astronauts started planting flags on extraterrestrial bodies in the name of earth, rather than the country that they come from?   do you feel strong up there?"   do you know of any upcoming events happening in new brunswick?   do you know of this content reminds me of another same the one that someone said somewhere else?   do you like the views from this site?   do you mean, citizens, to mock me, by asking me to speak today?   "do you really want for our women to no longer be able to walk on the streets at night without worrying?" he shouted into the microphone.   do you remember the piece of music that always signaled it was morning?   do you see words on this?   do you support policies that run afoul of ultra-right-wing orthodoxy?   do you think there's a connection between age and being open to this?   do you think you were given fewer opportunities to get ahead than other successful people were when they were growing up?   do you work for any of the companies in question?   do you work on your photos after you have taken them?   dozens more collisions were reported on tuesday morning.   dozens of countries have imposed total or partial bans on u.s. poultry and egg imports since the outbreak of what is called highly pathogenic avian influenza (hpai).   dozens of new cases of abandoned children are reported each day.   dozens of people, mostly turkish soldiers, have died since july in the renewed violence.   dozens of the students escaped but remain missing.   dpsst is budgeted to offer five basic corrections classes during that same time.   drainville was the last to drop off the ticket, and that solidified the idea that this leadership race was more of a "coronation" of péladeau than a competition.   drake, rushed for yards and eight touchdowns while averaging . yards per carry as a sophomore in .   drake's surprise album sets spotify records new york (ap) — drake's surprise album has set records on spotify.   dr assaad seif: some smuggled artefacts are fake, others are worth $m most of the seized items are from excavations rather than thefts from museums.   drawings of the founder of islam were also at the heart of the january attack on charlie hebdo's paris offices that killed people.   dr beegle said the family was about an hour into their flight when she noticed a tell-tale sign from her daughter that her behaviour was about to change.   dr brian day received a total of , votes.   dr. burden says his close-knit team is equally responsible for the success of the practice, including his wife, pam, who was instrumental in establishing the anti-aging skincare clinic.   dr. canto said what her office did was just a "small thank you" for the "huge sacrifices" made by all the men and women in the military, along with their families.   dreamliner returns to the sky photos dreamliner returns to the sky – united airlines capts.   dream turns to nightmare her younger sister, deanna knox, painted a picture of a wanderlust-driven young american who had hit the books hard and worked multiple jobs since high school so she could study abroad.   dreher has screens to accommodate small backyard showings for families to big events for thousands.   dressed in a crisp white shirt and slacks, xi waved back, shook hands, pointed at things and offered advice on how to make things better.   dressed in black, she makes her appeal to hollande and yemen's abd rabo mansour hadi in english.   dr. farid fata is headed to prison for fraud and other crimes.   dr. glenn singleman landing after the brisbane flight.   dr. hines supports the south carolina dental association as the ethics committee chairman.   drian juarez, a west hollywood transgender advisory board member, spoke at a weho council meeting discussing gender neutral restrooms back in june, l.a. times reports.   drink is readily available and some such as conservative mp and gp sarah wollaston have argued the culture has to change.   drive according to the road conditions see: https://t.   driven to "desperation," mccain decided to meet as many people as possible at as many of the q&a events as he could.   drivers can also take fort washington way to i- north to eastbound on the norwood lateral and exit to north i-.   drivers should start getting used to driving slower in school zones; speed limits around campuses will soon be back down to miles per hour.   driver stopped, then sped off it all started when edmonton police got a call about : a.m. from someone who reported a suspected impaired driver near manning drive and rd avenue.   drivers were advised to approach the traffic with caution and allow extra time for their journey.   drivers would be able to get on or off the gardiner on new ramps built between the don river and cherry street.   driver ye meng, , - who took the snap - told local media: "the poor bird didn't look happy at all."   driving the insane tesla model s pd created with sketch.   dr. jill biden told o'donnell she was "disappointed" that her husband decided not to run, and thought he "would be a great president."   dr john graz, secretary general, international religious liberty association, said jamaica was an example to the world of harmonious religious tolerance.   dr. kent white has exemplified a desire to maintain the best clinical ability in order to offer a high level of aesthetic neuromuscular dentistry.   dr. king's dream tackled poverty and systemic inequality.   dr. majid rafizadeh, an american scholar and political scientist, is the president of the international american council on the middle east.   dr. meier holds a swiss license in natural therapy, in addition to a bachelor's degree in aromatherapy from the open university.   dr. nancy busts myths about staying hydrated sponsored content now playing study: heartburn medications linked to heart attack risk sponsored content now playing what times of day are bad for your health?   drogba is still at least a week away from playing in a game.   drone footage shows moment migrants arrive when it starts to rain, refugees resting on the park's green grass pack up.   dronestagram -- a photo and video-sharing site for drones -- now gives us a rare bird's-eye view of some of the most remote landscapes on the globe.   drowned hogs livestock also has been hit.   dr. peck is a clinical associate professor of medicine at nyu school of medicine, nyu langone medical center.   dr. pow-sang used to book two operating rooms simultaneously, so that as soon as he was finished in one, he could go to the next.   dr sarah doherty returned from gebel el silsila, kilometres north of aswan in southern egypt. :: group increases rangers offer bbc sport the consortium led by douglas park is prepared to increase its funding offer to rangers.   dr. smith says sunscreen is key.   dr tullet, who is a specialist in emergency and wilderness medicine, returned to her home in new zealand last friday.   "drug addiction is a disease.   drug addict kicks heroin and becomes a super chef. : opiate pain medications cost the uninsured about $ per milligram, so a -milligram pill will cost $.   drugs are simply a tool to use, in addition to diet and exercise.   dr. virginia dinsmore of time is currently home, sick with malaria.   dry weather is forecast for the brazilian-uruguayan border region in the next few days, but in paraguay and argentina water levels are still expected to rise.   ds: as you must know, in alberta that this is been a very fierce public battle for the last three years.   dscovr also has two sensors to monitor earth to track volcanic plumes, measure ozone and monitor droughts, flooding and fires.   d-s girls hockey building for the future katie caruso makes a save against medfield.   "dshs provides certified birth certificates without regard to the requestor's immigration status and has never accepted the matricula consular as adequate identification," he said.   dsu campus police is handling the investigation, although officers from the dover police department, delaware state police and other agencies assisted in responding to the campus shootings.   duarte sits behind jordan payton in yardage for the year ( yards) but has been very productive in the end zone.   dubai claims heathrow's traffic crown rail passenger satisfaction falls which presents can cause offence?   dubbed "hanging hotels," they're entirely suspended off the ground.   du bois drew on interviews and census data to produce “the philadelphia negro: a social study,” which helped shape the young discipline of sociology.   dubose held up what appears to be a bottle of gin.   duda announced that he wanted to carry on as lech kaczynski's "spiritual heir."   dudley, speaking at an even in new york sponsored by the wall street journal, didn’t rule out an october liftoff of short-term interest rates, saying all meetings are “live.”   due to a busy schedule - - he is in the midst of a stretch of five tournaments in five weeks, mcilroy nearly did not play here this year.   due to budget choices and creative limitations (i always get those mixed up), this production departs significantly from the original text.   due to different funding formulas, he isn’t sure complete equality of funding can be achieved, but he does think the difference in funding can be lessened.   due to the considerable width of the rhine, a cable bridge is ideal.   due to their difficulty getting reseated after the eva, the cosmonauts' return was delayed by seconds, resulting in a touchdown miles ( kilometers) away from their intended landing site.   due to this weak support base, islam and fear of india became the main ideological tools to unite pakistan.   duff, who did not respond to an initial request for comment, reached out to the center for public integrity on monday to explain her earlier remark.   dugout canoes are chopped and carved out of tree-trunks.   duhamel and the -year-old black eyed peas singer are already parents to son axl, and the star told host kit hoover the couple's successful marriage is based on fun.   d., university of california—riverside, spoke about comic books and stem.   dunkelberg echoes other librarians i have heard when he says that he thinks of the library space as real estate.   dunkin’ said the restaurants being closed accounted for .% of its u.s. sales.   dunphy is not the only one worried about a contingency plan to access snow-bound roads in case of emergencies.   duquesne university, a private catholic school in pittsburgh, increased the minimum wage for its workers to $ an hour july . what about the feds?   duqu, which was believed to have been eradicated in , is a sophisticated spy tool similar to the stuxnet virus.   durables drop chicago fed president charles evans, who votes on policy this year, said in london wednesday that inflation remains too low to justify an interest-rate increase in , despite “terrific” progress in reducing u.s. unemployment.   durant had his initial surgery in october and had been healing well.   during -, the federal reserve had been gradually lowering its rate until it reached its lowest level in december .   during a meeting in the s, then-president jiang zemin wryly remarked to kissinger that generations had elapsed since confucius died in bc.   during an appearance on "the dan patrick show" in may, simmons said that the league's investigation of the matter was "pathetic."   during a question-and-answer session, walker said that undocumented immigrants currently living in the united states should not be deported, the republican source said.   during a religious freedom debate in arizona last year, the national football league even considered moving the super bowl out of the state if a discriminatory bill became law.   during beany's early gestation, he and the other writers had no office, so they wrote in coffee shops at night as well as in an "office" in a condemned building.   during cross-examination, assistant u.s. attorney bill weinreb asked: "when tamerlan and your daughter were at your house, they seemed like a normal couple, didn't they?"   during cross examination on wednesday, however, hermle questioned pao about tension in her own relationship with vassallo.   during didier’s pumpkinfest (this weekend), the expansive venue offers hayrides, pony rides, camel rides, kiddie rides, a crafting area, an animal land, pumpkin patch, and fall food store—filled with apples, produce apple cider donuts and more.   during former vice president annette lu’s (呂秀蓮) terms in office, an elementary-school girl wrote in an essay on the topic “my dream” that she wanted to be vice president when she grew up.   during friday's airborne training session, something happened and ahn was forced to deploy his reserve chute somewhere over mason county.   during her time there, she helped form "the leaf of hope", a program that donated medical marijuana to families approved by doctors with children with severe forms of epilepsy.   during his first campaign for the presidency, he used the slogan, "happy days are here again."   during my visit they were back to openly focusing on the matter at hand.   during one incident in august, vehicles were damaged and one was stolen.   during saturday's news conference at the dallas convention center, mariota told reporters he would take a few days off after the game to consult with his parents before making a decision.   during sunday's interview, host jake tapper said he's heard obama praise police officers.   during that arrest, a toronto police service officer, who believed mr. hyacinth was reaching for a weapon, shot at him at close range," abbey said.   during that time, he worked on efforts to set up the new scottish parliament.   during the -hour-long appeals hearing at nfl headquarters in new york, brady said the phone had been destroyed because it was his usual practice when he got a new mobile phone.   during the years from to , the irb received almost , refugee claims, with an overall acceptance rate of per cent for finalized claims.   during the annual tradition, which has been held for about years, the kids helped out by decorating patriotic flags and banners, and were encouraged to dress up in patriotic colors on the parade day.   during the battles between ukrainian government forces and pro-russian separatists, she gave birth to her child.   during the campaign the liberals promised to spend $ billion over the next decade on infrastructure projects across the country.   during the campaign, trudeau slammed the conservatives' handling of the file.   during the coalition years, liberal democrat deputy prime minister nick clegg would stand in for the pm when he was away, with former first secretary of state william hague stepping up when they were both absent.   during the court hearing, dear said he distrusted his lawyers and demanded to serve as his own attorney.   during the fallout, ceo mary barra told congress, “i never want anyone associated with gm to forget what happened.   during the first days of the trial, the crown has, unsurprisingly, focused on the bulk of the case, the charges of fraud.   during the flight, shelor told williams he was flying to manas to find a woman he had met before, and was hoping to win her heart over.   during the focus groups, employers often made comments like, “i am so much more comfortable bringing a college student into my house than a lot of the other options that are out there,” o’reilly said.   during the four-day exercise codenamed shabla-, the bulgarian air force (baf) together with the country's land and naval forces would improve air defense preparedness of their units, baf said in a press release.   during the great moderation from -, the fed's preferred measure of inflationary pressure was, essentially, wage growth.   during the investigation, volvo trucks issued a recall similar to peterbilt’s involving trucks.   during their investigation, detectives identified the suspect as a person of interest in the case.   "during the last days, the emphasis was put on that difference to allow canadians to make a choice.   during the meeting the agenda for the elective congress for the fifa presidency was finalized and approved: the congress will take place on feb. , .   during the months of peak transmission from august to november last year liberia was the setting for some of the most shocking scenes from the west african outbreak, by far the worst in history.   during the past decade, the region was struck by , disasters, representing more than per cent of the global total.   during the raid, a detective smelled marijuana and later found an entrance to a ,-square-foot hidden room being used as a marijuana growing plant.   "during the run-up of both aircraft, individuals exhibited trepidation regarding the weather and the lack of ambient illumination.   during the same period, germany imported korean products worth around . billion.   during the second half of the year, xero's us management team was formed, headed up by its us president russ fujioka, with a focus to ensure a solid foundation for north america to enable it to scale.   during the show's third season, her character and william shatner's capt. james kirk shared what was described as the first interracial kiss to be broadcast on a u.s. television series.   during the trial, durst testified that he hid out in galveston and posed as a mute woman because he was afraid as he faced increasing scrutiny, court tv reported.   during the trial, the jury heard that three small stains found on the right sleeve, upper left chest and on the back were confirmed to be blood and that dna extracted from those areas matched the victim's.   during the trip home from the white house, braeden asked his mom if he could give his souvenir money to a group of homeless people.   during the winter, bush and his wife, barbara bush, live in houston.   during the years since, the measured air temperature rise has flattened.   during this critical phase, students are absorbing their respective disciplines with enthusiasm while also challenging traditional concepts and seeking out ways to incorporate progressive thinking into their future careers.   during this intensive day retreat, muran's work will focus on calming the mind and resolving inner conflicts.   “during this process, investors should have confidence and patience, instead of losing their minds and not knowing what to do amid anxiety and panic,” it said.   “during this time of year, access to the yard is somewhat limited due to security concerns.   "during this time, the other teachers and students in the hallway were setting up the balloons for the parade.   during this year’s white house iftar, i had the opportunity to meet inspiring young muslim americans who are leading efforts for greater understanding and unity across diverse communities.   dutchie is a rabbit trapping specialist, having honed his skills in the thai mountain jungles before his application for asylum was accepted by australia.   dutch transport minister wilma mansveld relaxed dutch taxi legislation in may to make it easier for new services to enter the market, but the uberpop service remained outlawed.   duvall, dakota d., dob --, speeding - mph over limit.   dvr controls, such as pause and rewind, aren't available for many channels.   dw explains what the annual meeting is and why it's important for the next un climate summit in paris.   dwight perry: -- or dperry@seattletimes.com four weeks for cents of unlimited digital access to the seattle times.   dwight perry: -- or dperry@seattletimes.com view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   dw leads you through the storm that is the hk g.   dw recommends who is fighting in northern afghanistan?   dw's henrik böhme says the new plan - a long-delayed response to the great financial crisis - is no guarantee of future success.   dw's max hofmann explains five compelling reasons why there won't be a 'grexit.'   dw's netiquette policy dw offers its readers, listeners and viewers the opportunity to engage in a discussion on dw.   dw spoke to digital goods expert arun sundararajan from the nyu stern school of business about the sharing economy.   dw spoke with the editor-in-chief of titanic, germany's most popular satirical publication, about the dangers of his calling.   dw's richard fuchs we need more courage all this faintheartedness creates security for bureaucrats - and chaos for investors.   dw's rick fulker seeks to dispel some of the pessimism.   dw's thomas neufeld says "no."   dw takes a look at the reasons behind it and how japan differs from germany in this regard.   dwyer says he isn’t optimistic about alberta’s economy and expects further job losses, which will trickle down into part-time work for summer students.   dxy> gained nearly percent against a basket of major currencies in , its strongest performance since .   dylann roof, friend face charges in charleston mass shooting it was a terrifying tragedy that tore open the hearts of all south carolinians.   dysfunctional dynamic "it's the insiders becoming the outsiders," explained the elder levy.   "each and every one of us should work and must work to implement the agenda, so that people all over the world can live a life of dignity," merkel said.   each button is tied to one of specific items, such as tide laundry detergent or maxwell house coffee, that can be repeatedly re-ordered without opening up a website or app.   each candidate must also have received an average of at least one percent in a combination of three reputable national polls between august and october , .   each has won statewide election — bush twice, rubio once — in florida, a hefty prize in the presidential election.   each of the steps in the process must be performed under very specific procedural and temperature controlled conditions.   each of the atoms had two electrons, whose energies could be measured.   each of the glass panes is millimeters thick and times stronger than normal glass.   each of the non-profits has big plans for their portion of the money.   each of these agencies has a different function, and the c.b.p. is the agency that works actively along the u.s.-mexico border.   each of these clans is worth at least $. billion.   each of these ranks require community service and having served in troop leadership positions.   each of these recordings was charming and fun, in its own familiar fashion.   each one wears them differently.   "each project is a unique research into context and culture," the architect explains, "and we always develop individual designs for specific programs, sites and clients.   each riding was given a total of points.   each station is equipped with a nicview webcam on a swiveling arm that allows the nurses and doctors to stream a live view of the tiny patients on secure feeds for parents to access.   each student has a different career ahead of them, and a different future to prepare for.   each successive action has been marked by a similar set of intellectual failures, arrogant faith in american "can-do" spirit and diplomatic incompetence.   each summer a group of nthu students would travel abroad, providing services and doing volunteer work.   each time you take a break focus on a different part of your body -- maybe focus on how your feet are connected with the ground, or how your head and neck are orientated in space.   each took their respective spots behind the podiums, familiarizing themselves with the position of the cameras and moderators, as well as the format of the debate.   each treatment, mckinney said, will cost the family almost $,, totaling $,.   each vault can handle gb/sec of i/o, more than fast enough for most active archive applications.   each was ordered to pay a $ fine.   each watch will come with a metal link bracelet and a complementary leather strap (the gold model will come with a red strap).   each week the company provides the most market-reflective values in the industry on its top-rated website kbb.   each year, georgia's governor has to sign a proclamation declaring april confederate history month and april confederate memorial day.   each year, more than fireworks-related injuries are reported to hospitals, according to the national council on fireworks safety.   each year, they document all the entries with photographs.   each year, three thousand startups approach az with a “warm intro” from someone the firm knows.   "each year, we're seeing more area being burned," says scott rupp of the international arctic research centre at the university of alaska.   eagles' brandon graham says tim tebow will make team days ago philadelphia, july (upi) -- tebowmania isn't going away in philadelphia, according to eagles defensive end brandon graham.   eagles of death metal perform at the bataclan moments before the attack.   earhart and noonan were about two-thirds through their journey when they left new guinea on july for howland island, a tiny speck of land in the pacific, midway between australia and hawaii.   eariier this week, marketplace revealed that many pharmacists may not be conducting important screening required to keep canadians safe from dangerous drug interactions.   earlier, a car driver out here tried to run the crowd over.   earlier, and more assertive u.s. involvement (including a commitment to provide military assistance), would likely have produced a better, and quicker agreement.   earlier, authorities said at least died.   earlier, chancellor george osborne said in a speech to the cbi employers' group that he wants the uk "to be in europe, but not run by europe".   earlier, in a supplemental bid bulletin posted at the dnd website, prospective bidders were told to submit aircraft designs with systems that allow autonomous operation.   earlier in the day, employees at nato headquarters honored the victims of last friday's terror attacks in paris with a minute's silence.   earlier in the day, he said reporters shouldn't expect to find childhood friends or acquaintances who could corroborate his anecdotes.   earlier in the week, a shooting at the paris office of satirical magazine charlie hebdo left at least people dead.   earlier on friday, greek lawmakers passed the accord following a bitter all-night debate on the conditions demanded by athens’ creditors which could alter many aspects of daily life in the nation.   earlier on friday, the vatican said that the meeting with davis was not intended as a show of support for her cause and "the only real audience granted by the pope at the nunciature (embassy) was with one of his former students and his family."   earlier on wednesday, the president's office announced that parliamentary polls slated for may were now going to be held on june . there was no mention of rescheduling the june presidential election.   earlier that week coach sean payton gave every player a bat with the words "bring the wood!" emblazoned on the barrel of each one.   earlier, the lawyer had already succeeded in securing villa vigoni, a palatial estate on the shore of lake como owned by germany -- and used by a private german association focused on promoting german-italian relations -- as collateral for the suit.   earlier this fall, estivate was fritnancy's word of the week.   earlier this month, aviation authorities in the kingdom turned away an iranian plane carrying pilgrims, saying it did not have permission to use the country's airspace, the official saudi press agency reported.   earlier this month, china's cabinet said it planned to eradicate intellectual property rights infringement on the internet within three years.   earlier this month, he acknowledged the risks of coming to the central african republic but said he wants to promote mercy in the "afflicted and tormented nation."   earlier this month, prime minister stephen harper once again played to his base by saying people in remote areas need guns, because they provide "a certain level of security when you're ways away from police, immediate police assistance."   earlier this month, senator chuck schumer of new york, the third-ranking democrat in the chamber, said he would vote against the deal, which was negotiated by the united states, five other major powers and iran.   earlier this month, the ecb cut its forecasts for eurozone gdp growth for this year and next.   earlier this month, the federal government announced a tentative agreement in a billion-dollar lawsuit that had been brought by nunavut tunngavik inc.   earlier this month, "the magic victrola," a children's opera, played to a nearly sold out crowd at the company's gilded downtown theater.   earlier this month, the obama administration, citing "rigorous safety standards" and a long review process, granted conditional approval to energy giant shell to begin oil drilling in the arctic waters off the coast of alaska.   earlier this month, two u.n. human rights experts sharply condemned iran's rising execution tally.   earlier this summer, however, owner andre cloutier decided it was time to shake things up.   earlier this week, banny alleged that there were irregularities on the voter lists that could allow some voters to cast multiple ballots.   earlier this week, iran's culture ministry had announced it would withdraw from the event because of his presence.   earlier this week kiev banned russian airlines from using ukrainian airspace for any transit flights, also citing security measures.   earlier this year, hamilton passed an amended bylaw saying the corporation had to consult with the city on where it would put the mailboxes, as well as pay a fee of $ per mailbox.   earlier this year the cbfc blocked the release of "fifty shades of grey" in india, despite being shown a toned-down version of the erotic movie.   earlier this year, there were reports the shepody healing center was closing.   earlier this year, the situation spiraled after a crackdown on people smugglers in thailand and malaysia left thousands of rohingya and bangladeshis stranded at sea when their agents and captains, fearing arrest, abandoned them.   earlier this year, twitter quietly took down , accounts used by isis supporters, but the group continues to use twitter and other social media platforms to propagate its message.   earlier, two-time grand slam champion andy murray extended his impressive winning streak on clay, reaching the fourth round after beating big-hitting nick kyrgios -, -, -.   earlier wednesday, he met with philanthropists and foundation leaders who had supported the fight against the outbreak, which had threatened to spiral out of control and fostered fears in the u.s. and elsewhere beyond west africa.   earl ofari hutchinson is an author and political analyst.   earl thomas aligned in the middle of the field, though the ball was snapped from the left hash mark.   early july militant assaults in the town of sheikh zuweid killed dozens of egyptian soldiers and police officers, and insurgent forces continued attacking security checkpoints in the town for weeks.   early next year, he will likely undergo further surgery on the tissue around his eyes and his lips.   early on april , he committed suicide, his sister madylin sweeten said in a statement.   early this morning, major general niyombare officially announced the failure of the coup following the arrest of a number of coup leaders.   early this season, baseball's effort to trim the length of games seemed to be a mild success.   early ticket sales are being held at each campus office.   early wednesday, a gunman opened fire in savannah, ga., killing one person and injuring three others, mashable reported.   earn $ per week!   earnest also defended the decision to move reporters but not the obamas, reiterating that the threat was made specifically about the james s. brady briefing room.   earning a nursing degree takes about four years including general credits.   earthquakes and volcanic eruptions have a tendency to slow down the earth's rotation, as do gravitational forces from the moon and other celestial bodies.   eason is suing the restaurant and its owner, claiming they forced him to prepay for a meal last december.   ea's shares have nearly tripled in value since current ceo andrew wilson, who has been focusing on expanding ea's high-margin digital business, took over in september .   eastbound ring road will be fully closed at winnipeg street.   easterbrook boasted that mcdonald's, with its more than , restaurants around the world, had "scale and reach like no other company," but admitted that its vast bureaucracy was holding it back.   eastern orthodox churches celebrate easter this week using the older julian calendar.   eastwood directed the film, and it has caused some controversy over how it depicts the iraq war.   easycreditsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   easy pushback to stupid story - adam blickstein (@adamblickstein) march , clinton is expected to announce her intention to run for the democratic presidential nomination, so her opponents are making a big stink about the revelation.   eating on the go did not make nondieters indulge in chocolate, however.   eaton is a plaintiff in an ongoing federal court case seeking the repeal of certain voting restrictions.   ebay predicts million britons will visit its website friday, buying items every second.   eber betanzos, deputy prosecutor for human rights at mexico’s attorney general’s office, said his entity “completely” accepts a report by the five experts.   ebony: tell us about your work with generosity.   e-cigarettes are battery-powered devices that heat a nicotine-laced liquid to produce an inhalable vapor.   ecole polytechnique shooting survivor nathalie provost is seen outside the supreme court of canada following a decision on quebec's gun control records friday, march , in ottawa.   economic dignity relates to creating more equitable economic growth, generating opportunity for all syrians, and reducing the endemic corruption that inhibits equitable growth and opportunity.   economic gains from improvement in higher education.   economic indicators ahead of the august payrolls have been mixed.   economists estimate that the plunge in gas prices has saved americans about $ over the past year.   economists forecast that u.s. employers created , jobs last month and the unemployment rate remained steady at percent.   economists pointed out that until tuesday, china had held the yuan firm while its neighbors had debased their currencies.   economists polled by reuters had expected that productivity, which measures hourly output per worker, would be revised down to show it declining at a . percent rate in the fourth quarter.   economists said the outbreak of mers could stop the country's economic recovery, which had appeared to pick up momentum in recent months.   economists surveyed by cnnmoney projected that the economy would add , jobs.   economists surveyed by the wall street journal expect revisions will show real gdp contracted at a .% pace.   ecowas can suspend members who do not comply with regional measures.   ed and i were on a tv show a little time ago and i was banging on about social mobility - i called it aspiration with attitude - being the best cure for poverty.   ed blanton traveled from arlington, virginia, to ride nude in the philly event for the fourth time “because i’m a bicyclist and it’s fun.”   eddie ray routh, , is accused of shooting kyle and kyle's friend chad littlefield multiple times at a gun range about miles ( km) southwest of fort worth in february and then fleeing in kyle's pickup truck.   "edf energy has extended the expected life of its dungeness b nuclear power station by ten years," said the statement.   edie lederer at the united nations, vladimir isachenkov in moscow and matt lee in washington contributed.   edinson cavani got the opener for psg at the allianz riviera before nice had niklas hult sent off for conceding a penalty that ibrahimovic scored just before halftime.   editorial board members are editorial page editor kate riley, frank a. blethen, ryan blethen, brier dudley, mark higgins, jonathan martin, thanh tan, blanca torres, william k. blethen (emeritus) and robert c. blethen (emeritus).   editorial items appearing in 'cnet japan' that were originally published in the us edition of 'cnet', 'zdnet', 'techrepublic', 'gamespot' and 'cnet news.   editor's note — david espo is chief congressional correspondent for the associated press.   editor's note: if you capture a photo of stunning auroras in the night sky from recent solar activity and would like to share them with space.   editor's note: the gorgeous girl in the picture is tinker.   edmonson said the tape shows the shotgun blast.   edney said that since being "picked up and put in a hell hole in guantanamo," khadr "has never been out, never smelled the fresh air or the trees."   educate yourself, assuming can kill you.   education minister david eggen said he will look into the situation.   education professors and experts on social media use suggest that teachers don't put anything on social media that they wouldn't be comfortable being publicly shared.   " education 'the key to reconciliation' tuesday's report by the commission comes after six years of testimony from more than , witnesses about their residential school experiences, which often included emotional, physical and sexual abuse.   edwards, an anti-abortion, pro-gun democrat, will replace outgoing republican governor bobby jindal, who is unpopular in his state and barred by term limits from seeking re-election.   edwards had on black cargo pants and a gray shirt, and eyeglasses that kept trying to migrate down his nose.   edwards' last live show with the manics was on december , and the holy bible contains his last recordings with the band.   edward snowden -- a former contractor at the u.s. national security agency who leaked documents about top secret mass surveillance programs -- is a hero to some, traitor to others.   edward witten, a physicist at the institute for advanced study, in princeton, was similarly cagey.   eeo public file report.   eero is a system that uses mesh technology to cover your home in fast, stable wifi.   efforts to implement ptc mean introducing a new technology to an already existing system, a task that is extremely complicated.   efforts to make wearable technology more fashionable are intriguing, but companies will still need to convince consumers they need yet another device, says jorge aguilar at the brand-consulting firm landor associates.   efraim, , had moments earlier fired at least one shot at two other police officers chasing him on foot, authorities said.   eggs, and cholesterol, have apparently always figured in the homo sapien diet -- much more so than saturated fat, which is at quite low levels in the flesh of wild animals.   egypt, gabon, bangladesh, uae, oman and indonesia also approved deep cuts to or abolished subsidies this year.   egypt has been trying to project an image of stability ahead of an investment conference in the resort of sharm el-sheikh in march that the government hopes will generate ventures worth billions of dollars.   egypt heatwave 'kills ' cairo (afp) - twenty-one people have died and others were hospitalised with exhaustion as soaring temperatures and high humidity hit cairo and other parts of egypt, the health ministry said monday.   egyptian president abdel-fattah el-sissi has previously ruled out pardoning the journalists, saying it would undermine the independence of the judiciary.   ‎egypt is also highlighting hepatitis prevention.   egypt passes broad new 'anti-terror law' critics say muzzles free press egyptian president abdel fattah el-sissi has approved strict fines for "false" reporting of militant attacks.   egypt reopened the crossing for two days in november and again in december, for three days, to allow people stranded in egypt to return to the palestinian enclave and for gazans to leave.   eibar opted to pressure instead of sitting back and defending its area, producing an attractive, flowing match.   eichler faces other charges clayton eichler is charged with the first-degree murders of kelly goforth (left) and richele bear (right).   eight and even transcendent place as tough and funny laughing life.   eight different canadians scored while firing shots at austrian netminder bernhard starkbaum, while goaltender mike smith turned aside shots for canada.   eighteen were controlled by independents and other parties while were left vacant due to deaths and job changes.   eight injured in industrial park chlorine gas leak a dangerous chemical leak injured dozens and evacuated neighboring homes and businesses in east spokane.   eight million pristine bricks are stacked in the yard, in pallets of , ready to transport to builders across the uk.   eight of wsu’s nine assistant coaches were on the road recruiting, so practice was conducted largely by graduate assistants.   eight people were killed and more than were injured.   eight republicans seeking the party's nomination for president in the november election will face off on fox business network at p.m. est ( gmt wednesday).   e.i. legislative assembly) government cannot table its budget until every mla that wants to respond to the speech from the throne has had a chance to do so.   e ink said it was in talks with hydis’ labor union representatives about job relocations and it called on union representatives for negotiations.   either he wins the south thanet seat in parliament, or he'll quit the ukip leadership.   either i convert to islam or they kill me," she said.   either of them would honor us by being our representative.   "either way it is important, because he was a very important man," he said, adding that he believed it was the first time that an al-hesbah member had been killed in this way.   elba's napoleon complex – the italian island of elba celebrates the th anniversary of napoleon's exile to the island with a large-scale reenactment of the emperor's arrival.   elderly ladies queue for the immigration speech, westminster, march th one young mother in a ramsgate pub took him on just days before the election: "look nigel i don't know if i'm going to vote for you, not sure i care, i don't see the point".   elder scrolls online, for example, which launched on ps and xbox one this summer, included a gb patch on launch day.   elder stella mackeinzo is working with local youth, but is worried at the lack of participants.   el diablo, six flags great adventure's th coaster, rockets riders pendulum style before completing full revolutions seven stories in the air.   eldridge recently got a chance to thank the teams "with my whole heart."   election could hinge on oil and economy oil price threat to green energy?   election leaders consider the computer problem "the easiest fix."   electronic warfare was first developed in world war ii by the uk to defend against axis bomber attacks and to defend allied bombers from enemy surveillance systems.   elena del estal is a spanish photographer based in india.   eleven patients from japan, india, the united states and other nations met the imperial couple on wednesday.   elgan morgan, of the south wales chamber of commerce, said: "trading with eu countries is the first step for many businesses when they are looking to export their goods and services.   eli lilly was takeda's us marketing and sales partner until , with the us firm keeping the rights to sell actos in parts of asia and europe as well as in canada and mexico.   eliminate stressors when possible generally we lose our feeling of calm not because of one single event or situation that upsets us.   elite anti-terror police detained the men in the city wednesday, local police chief nur ali told a press conference.   elite offers an innovative approach, including a training programme, a working zone supported by a tutorship model and direct access to the financial community through dedicated digital community facilities.   elizabeth and victoria: two queens, two worlds updated gmt ( hkt) september , queen elizabeth ii has now become the longest-reigning british monarch, overtaking her great-great-grandmother queen victoria.   elizabeth keller, spokeswoman for the state teacher standards & practices commission (tspc), said her agency last ran a background check on maraia in august of when he renewed his three-year teaching license and that he was cleared.   elizabeth schroeder, a sexuality education expert who works with parents, teens, schools and organizations, says her first message to parents is that there's nothing wrong with their children because they sought out porn.   elizabeth trump, fred's german-born mother and friedrich's widow, lived across the street from fred and his family.   elizabeth warren nails gop financial exec retiree lawsuits undermine attack on new obama rule.   elizabeth warren's career photos warren speaks at a press conference on april , , in boston, one day after the boston marathon bombing.   ellenbogen: you’re asking the billion-dollar question that everybody wants to know.   elli, , a student casting her ballot in the athens suburb of nea smyrni, said she would vote for syriza but admitted she had concerns.   ellison's faith in the american people to remain fair was tested again recently after the fatal shootings in chattanooga, tennessee last week by a muslim.   ellsworth filed a damage claim with the city.   el nino plus global warming means a record-breaking warm winter."   el paso county had its first freeze, which sped up the opening of pecan shucks.   elsewhere • canadian brooke henderson, , won the cambia portland classic in oregon on sunday for her first lpga tour victory.   elsewhere in men's action, andy murray conceded a set for the second straight match but the champion had enough to beat ivo karlovic - (-) - - - despite the croat pummeling aces.   elsewhere, m’baye niang and carlos bacca hit second-half goals as ac milan ended uc sampdoria’s interest in the competition with a - win in genoa.   elsewhere on the site: caitlyn jenner gives poignant speech at espys: 'trans people deserve your respect' we encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue.   elston was also charged with resisting arrest.   elton john added his voice to the call to boycott the designers' dolce&gabbana label, expressing offense at their skepticism about the use of in vitro fertilization and surrogate mothers to create families.   e-mail bob at cooneyb@phillynews.com and follow him on twitter.   e-mail: email us here website: visit our website blog: visit our blog if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   email: lpitts@miamiherald.com no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   email us at calgarynewstips@cbc.ca or contact us via twitter @cbccalgary.   emanuel welcomes lightning fans to chicago the woman, also a uic student, said she didn't know the pictures were being taken and did not consent to them, according to hossain’s latest arrest report.   embezzlement and criminal breach of trust can carry life sentences, up to twenty years in jail, or hefty fines.   embrace hobbies, allow new passions into your life, pursue something you've always wanted to do.   emc executives did note that the company's information infrastructure unit cut , positions and that slowed down the go-to-market sales effort.   emergency crews searched the complex for people trapped inside but it's believed residents made it out once the severe weather passed.   emergency crews went to the scene, but no major injuries were reported, according to rcmp.   emergency dispatchers were alerted to a possible person shot on the block of sorbus drive around : thursday.   emerging after days of speculation that he was either ill or had even been deposed in a palace coup, putin met with the leader of ex-soviet kyrgyzstan just outside saint petersburg.   emerging markets have been in turmoil because of the plunge in oil and other raw materials and also fears that people will pull money out from investments overseas when the fed raises rates.   emerg transported a female student to gw hospital for treatment and several non-affiliated people were barred from campus.   emery, who had saves, made the point-blank stop on hartnell's chip shot, but cam atkinson netted the rebound for his th.   employees at the plant were concerned about what they said was an uncertain future after cooke aquaculture said it wouldn't be continuing operations at the site.   employees should have a good understanding of how their performance has stacked up against expectations, and you should understand their strengths, weaknesses, and career development objectives.   employers from maricopa are participating.   employers / post a job most stock quote data provided by bats.   employers push more vacation for u.s. workers should you pay for a concierge doctor?   employing deep diaphragmatic breathing supports the restorative action of your parasympathetic system.   employment in north dakota’s natural resource industry surged .% from through , by far the largest such increase.   emwazi became even more focused in his last few years at quintin kynaston community academy, she said.   enbar and flombaum said they were out to prove anyone could learn to code when they started their venture.   enceladus is only about km across, so it would easily fit between toronto and montreal.   endur id "drop in" products can often be exchanged with the present products without the need to change patient administration or it systems.   enel said its contribution would be done "in a synergistic way with what the telecom operators have done and planned", bringing clear benefits to less populated and industrial areas.   energy: benchmark u.s. crude was down $. at $. a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange.   engadget live boston beyond those vain, drunk moments, attendees waited for their chances to try smashing a drone into a wall, talk to cars and cruise around briefly on an electric, remote-controlled skateboard.   engineer chris malloy has created a hoverbike, which could help out in disaster zones in the future.   engineering concepts have an “interdisciplinary nature,” graybill said.   england and wales will co-host this year's world cup, which starts on sept. .   englander maintains the act was social satire and said he is not a racist.   england flyhalf farrell converted both tries and kicked four penalties as saracens reclaimed top spot after temporarily relinquishing it to exeter on saturday.   england, germany and the united states could be potential replacement hosts for the next two world cups.   england's sam billings bats during the fifth one day international (odi) cricket match between e … but bairstow and billings, who slog-swept grant elliott for a huge six, got england back into the match.   england started the six nations with a - win in wales, and named an unchanged lineup for the - home victory over italy.   enhanced category (open competition winner) – "bomb" by antony crossfield photographer's description: a man performs a "bomb" dive in the ocean.   enjoy a -oz cup of coffee for only ¢ all month long (u.   enjoy fresh oysters at flying fish!   enjoy the festivities all weekend leading up to sunday's crown royal presents the jeff kyle at the brickyard.   enlightenment demise "so if a muslim wants to vote, what's he supposed to do?   enmity between iran and the united states has loomed over the middle east for decades.   enormous rivers of hot rock spanning hundreds of miles across and reaching all the way down into the planet's metal-rich core have been seen for the first time.   enough to confuse many humans, and perhaps an algorithm or two as well.   enrolling is a vital first step, says woolger.   enrollment opens on friday, but faculty members are still finalizing the syllabus and deciding how many students will be admitted.   enterprise, as displayed inside the intrepid's space shuttle pavilion on its flight deck, was added to the national register of historic places in .   enterprises also have a responsibility to protect and respect employee's private data according to murray especially if employees are allowing their employee to install software on their personal devices.   enterprise startups: risk vs. reward read more lithium as you well know, wins the watchlist for a reason.   entertainers including erykah badu, common, missy elliott, kendrick lamar, charlie wilson, kevin hart and more will perform live nightly shows to celebrate their work and its power to unify.   entertainment & arts entertainment & arts danny boyle opens manchester arts centre home by ian youngs arts reporter director danny boyle has taken part in the opening ceremony for a new £m arts centre in manchester.   entertainment & arts entertainment & arts rare lorenzo bartolini sculpture saved for nation august a classical sculpture has been saved for the nation by london's v&a museum and the national galleries of scotland.   enter the string from the spam-prevention image above: what is five plus four?   enter the string from the spam-prevention image above: what is two plus eight?   enter the string from the spam-prevention image above: what is zero plus three?   enter vickie, a teenage runaway-turned-prostitute played by juno temple.   entrepreneur.com says: studies show that credit card and bank financing account for just percent of the total funding needs of early-stage entrepreneurs.   environmental campaigners visit the town every year to watch the gruesome event and authorities have boosted their presence to prevent any clashes between locals and activists.   environmental conditions so medler began wondering what environmental conditions might have been present at the cradle of life that might have helped to fuel humans' rapid evolution.   environmentalists hope the message will increase pressure for binding restrictions on carbon emissions to be agreed at global talks in paris at the end of this year.   environment canada has issued a special weather statement for the entire island of newfoundland.   environment canada says the snow will taper off.   environment committee member rep. matt shea, r-spokane valley, agreed.   epa head gina mccarthy said she had tried to be guided by science in an effort to protect americans' health.   ephron places netanyahu at a rally, about a month before rabin’s murder, where crowds spent two hours chanting, “death to rabin.”   equipment for nasa's twins study, which is tracking scott kelly on the space station and his identical twin brother, mark kelly, on earth.   ercan findikoğlu (aka "segate" and "predator") faces as much as years in prison.   erdogan has lashed out at the hdp, calling it the political arm of the kurdistan workers party, which turkey and most western countries consider a terrorist organization.   erdogan was speaking to reporters tuesday, a day after prosecutors in ankara launched a probe into peoples' democratic party leader selahattin demirtas.   e! reports that son atticus james hallisay was born on june . he joins big sister autumn james hallisay.   erick carnegie was found dead around : p.m. monday outside his home in the block of northwest th avenue.   eric pickles, who was communities secretary in the last parliament, said he had not yet heard from cameron about whether he would be re-appointed or moved.   eric posner: first, the immigration law delegates to the president extensive powers to exclude people who he thinks might threaten security, or any way might be detrimental to the interests of the united states.   erik morales vs marco antonio barrera i (february , ) – both light of foot, these two mexican fighters went head-to-head on february, , at the mandalay bay hotel in las vegas.   eris industries, another startup, is building its own unique platform that is distinct from bitcoin but, like ripple, has similar characteristics.   eritrean mohamed ali was taken by ambulance to the hospital for treatment of scabies just an hour after he arrived in milan.   eritreans and syrians made up half of the migrant traffic to europe last year, according to arezo malakooti, director of migration research at altai consulting and author of one of the most detailed studies of migration patterns.   ernst says senior members of the prentice government have expressed an interest in the report's findings, but he is not sure the direction politicians will take when the legislature resumes sitting next week.   ernst & young notes the quantity of private equity and venture capital-backed offerings as a positive sign as well.   erol turns the place into a “wife factory,” pushing out the oldest girls first in arranged marriages before they can be further “sullied.”   escaped inmates planned an elaborate getaway escaped inmates planned an elaborate getaway : after their escape, the two convicts planned to drive seven hours under the cover of darkness to a predetermined location, together with mitchell, he said.   escaping leases some are not only avoiding a new purchase, they're trying to get out from under an existing lease.   eschenauer is betting on a world in which drones become ubiquitous and operate in areas from logistics to disaster recovery and even roaming around the office.   escobar "is not thinking too much about numbers," he said through a translator.   esfandiari herself was held for days in iran under suspicion of trying to foment regime change, and said her disapproval of cruz's comments was tied to her own experience.   especially for the squat that i stayed at, i focused largely on the communal lifestyle in order to convey a sense of home."   "especially this time of year when it starts to warm up, there's more people out in the night, and we've always advised people to lock their doors," mclean said.   especially troublesome, rudolf adds, is when the aerosol is used on children.   especially when it comes to cost.   "especially when it comes to safety and the well being of our young people."   espinosa said aside from the cash, school supplies and scholarship offer that would guarantee his education through college, people had given school uniforms and a reading lamp.   espinosa told the advocacy group that he also saw men standing outside his home in veracruz, and who gave him menacing looks before walking away.   espn radio, am the fan or am radio.   espn ranks fultz st nationally on its top list.   espn sues verizon over new cable plan "i don't know if the average consumer is now buying (consuming) in -minute or one-hour blocks," said rick burton, a sports management professor at syracuse university.   essentially, focus by firefox doesn't do anything differently from other ios content blockers but instead takes a very public and open source approach.   essentially, you are doing regular lunges "backwards," to avoid pressure on your knees.   essential personnel, such as airport and border security agents, would stay on the job, but would not be paid until new funding is approved.   established in , the firm maintains a high level of core values with a relationship-driven approach, focusing on the needs of our clients and genuinely caring about the people within our organization.   establishing an all-volunteer military, consisting entirely of career soldiers, is considered one of president ma ying-jeou’s (馬英九) most important pledges.   establishing feb. as national human trafficking awareness day, to coincide with the anniversary of the unanimous decision of parliament to condemn all forms of human trafficking and slavery on february , .   establishing more bases to get us military advisers closer to the battlefront would likely require yet more american troops to deploy to iraq beyond the reinforcements announced by the white house on wednesday.   establishing outposts in far-off lands is often considered the ultimate american insurance policy, but it’s precisely our predilection for getting mixed up in other people’s messes that has distracted us from fixing our own.   están circulando fotos falsas de un supuesto colapso de la plataforma, la cual sigue en pie— petróleos mexicanos (@pemex) april , the company denied rumors that the platform had collapsed and said there was no oil spill as a result of the fire.   estimates and models of inner core formation rely on understanding the properties of iron under the extreme conditions at the centre of the earth - pressures of more than three million atmospheres, and temperatures of around ,c.   estonia and slovakia significantly increased economic freedom for their citizens.   ethan bach uses his insights, unique experiences and emerging technology art to challenge the audience on preconceived notions about the world, their communities, and oneself.   ethiopian troops have also crossed the border and expelled al-shabaab from baidoa, a strategic town in somalia midway between the ethiopian border and mogadishu.   ethnic grocery stores are an excellent source for regionally-specific produce like avocados, mangoes and limes, and buying produce that is in season could help you save to % on average.   etihad airways flight was delayed when fog forced the temporary closure of the abu dhabi airport on saturday.   etihad also wins the excellence in long haul travel award. . air new zealand – air new zealand ranks the top on airlinerating's "airline excellence" chart for its reputation as a "trendsetter."   "etiquette is about being thoughtful, gracious and kind," meier, who teaches classes to adults and non-bumbling baby elephant children, says.   etsy has struggled since going public earlier this year, with fortune magazine naming it the "worst performing ipo of ."   etsy tests crowdfunding venture the wall street journal. hrs ago leslie josephs etsy inc. is crafting a new revenue stream: crowdfunding.   ettinger said, "the garage of the house, or feet from the hole, was untouched, it looked like."   eu announces plan to step up anti-smuggling operations in mediterranean .. the european union has said it will begin combating human traffickers in the mediterranean.   "eucom has taken this step based on our firm commitment to make every possible effort to ensure the safety and security of our service members, civilians, their families, and our facilities," hicks said.   eufaula fire department and police department units responded and discovered a fixed wing single engine aircraft upside down, approximately yards to the west of the runway.   eugene, ore. -- the university of oregon is fighting back against a bombshell lawsuit filed by a student who says she was raped by three duck basketball players last march.   eugene, or, letter carriers terrence graves and bryce mclean, who spotted and detained a suspected thief, are recipients of the unit citation award.   eu leaders at a summit in brussels said they agreed on an "action plan" with turkish president tayyip erdogan to cooperate on improving the lives of two million syrian refugees in turkey and encouraging them to stay put.   eu leaders call it a success.   eurasia emphasized that it's difficult to impeach a sitting president, and that "there are a number of examples to demonstrate presidents can survive very low approval ratings and very unpopular periods of governance."   eurogroup chairman jeroen dijsselbloem said that while ministers had made good progress, a couple of big issues were left for the leaders to resolve.   euromaxx - lifestyle europe in this special edition euromaxx features a sand artist on the channel islands, a luxury globe manufacturer in london.   european aviation authorities, however, have begun to strike back.   european central bank president mario draghi said the "ball lies squarely" in the hands of the greek government.   european government bond yields also rose broadly.   european inspectors won't faze chinese producers of cheap goods because they mostly sell in domestic and emerging markets, and maybe three containers will be shipped to europe and no one will notice that the colors used are hazardous to children.   european scientists genetically modified a version of the smallpox vaccine to display mers virus protein on its surface.   european stocks are on fire.   european union countries account for around percent of all hpc sales globally, but its vendors only have five percent of worldwide market share between them.   european union governments agreed on wednesday to extend economic sanctions on russia over its actions in ukraine until jan. , diplomats said, and moscow said it would respond.   european union negotiator sarah blau said that was already happening outside the negotiations, pointing to a recent u.s.-china announcement where beijing pledged $. billion in climate finance to poor countries.   european union rules adopted since the global financial crisis give brussels increased oversight powers to ensure member states meet the targets and so avoid a repeat of the crash which brought the economy to its knees.   europe dominated this g meeting like it had hardly any other summit in the past.   europe: major stock markets in europe were flat following the release of a survey that showed little growth in manufacturing.   europe not doing enough last week, lew said the us would not be the only country to prop up the global economy as it steadily recovers from years of lackluster performance after the - financial crisis.   europe's charley hull and fourball partner suzann pettersen beat alison lee and brittany lincicome, of the united states, on sunday after lee picked up her ball.   europol, the european union's policy agency, said friday that the raids earlier this week in austria, cyprus, slovenia and switzerland led to arrests and the identification of possible victims of the smugglers.   euro support tumbles polls show that in the wake of the greek crisis, the poles, who were once enthusiastic about the euro, have turned against the european currency.   eurozone car sales are up, but chinese car sales are softening.   eurozone rescue lenders demanded the fresh round of cuts in a deal reached this week to place greece in a new bailout program.   eusey expects active management to shine in a more volatile market.   eu's tusk says he will summon eu leaders if no migrant accord brussels (reuters) - european council president donald tusk said on friday he would summon eu leaders for an emergency summit unless they could agree on how to share out migrants.   evans, a long-time business owner in downtown winder, carried more early votes (-), but healan made up the difference on election day.   evans funeral home, jefferson, is in charge of arrangements.   evans, hastert's fellow coach, recalled one trip where he, hastert and a japanese exchange student shared a tent.   even after boston was chosen in january to be the american candidate for host city, its bid effectively ended last month when mayor marty walsh refused to sign a contract with the international olympic committee.   even after losing an arm and a leg from hopping trains, he was back hopping six months later.   "even a mild overdose can cause heart-related problems, or agitation, or severe aggression and psychosis."   even as environmentalism took on big new problems in the seventies, it also seemed to promise an escape hatch from continuing crises of inequality, social conflict, and, sometimes, certain kinds of people.   even as late as october, bill clinton was offering up some backhanded praise for trump, while admitting that he took a call from him shortly before he launched his white house bid.   even astronauts have to pay taxes.   "even at the beginning of the revolution ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, and now (supreme leader) ayatollah ali khamenei, emphasise there is a difference between zionism and judaism," he said.   even before a deal is agreed, critics have been lining up to say that it will not do enough to stop iran getting the bomb.   even before scott's shooting in april, cason said he had been part of a group meeting with police and local leaders to try to shore up relations.   even before the debate started, the democrats showed they had something the crowded republican field does not: someone who could deliver a unifying, if broad, message to the party's entire rank and file.   even before the new government took office, the syrian situation was affecting the whole immigration system, denton says, including the timetable for processing applicants from elsewhere.   even clerics sympathetic to the jihadist cause said the act of burning a man alive and filming the killing would damage islamic state, an al qaeda offshoot which controls wide territory in syria and iraq, and is also known as isil or isis.   even companies that already offer insurance may be in for a surprise if their current plans don't meet the law's requirements, says lewis, the operationsinc. president.   "even experts are unable to sustain full concentration for more than or hours per day," ericsson said.   even female television commentators are wearing all red (and orange and yellow) outfits.   even filtering people out based on "superficial" diversity can break the law.   even francis' top u.s. adviser, cardinal sean o'malley, said the investigation had been a "disaster" on the public relations front.   even hachioji, a city less than minutes from ogikubo, makes their own style of ramen by adding freshly diced onions into the mix.   even hawaii, the paradigmatic plume site, did not seem to be fed by one.   even his past sporting achievements don’t seem to register: “i don’t know if i broke any records in high school or college.”   even if approved by a majority of the then outstanding shares of the preferred, until adopted, the board has the right to terminate the consent solicitation and elect not to file the amendments.   even if france didn’t want assad represented in syria’s moves toward peace, others saw his position as inevitable, especially with russian backing.   even if he were to agree to new negotiations, netanyahu's government has just a one-seat majority in parliament, with ultra-orthodox and national-religious parties holding leverage over him.   even if his predictions were wrong, he does have an opinion on why trump has done so well in the republican primary.   "even if it's just a short nap, it's important to take that extra precaution of getting out of a busy environment."   even if pupils have ability, they can face a lack of options, with a wide variation in subjects offered by schools.   even if the background check system used by uber is inferior to the live scan used by taxi regulators, that's only one facet of safety.   even if there ultimately is not a big judgement on paper, the legal fees will come at a time when margins at cmg stock can ill-afford them.   even if the white house's thyme-roasted bird didn't turn out to be the moistest, the first family's menu boasted more than enough other choices to fill the stomach.   “even if you don’t have a prototype yet, you can release drawings or renderings on facebook and twitter.   even if you lose the ball, keep going at them,’ ” jones said.   even if you’ve stayed put in your career, business owners and freelancers face even more stringent income verification requirements.   even in europe, where public information campaigns are common, half the population believes viruses can be fought with antibiotics, it found.   evening stars are jupiter, mars, neptune, uranus and venus.   even in the worst recession two things are certain: death and taxes.   even julia sweeney's androgynous pat got a movie -- "it's pat" -- though most folks probably want to forget it.   even major american banks use second-rate security.   even our chances haven't come that easy in the last couple of weeks."   even so, automakers including toyota and honda have been lining up other suppliers to make inflators.   even so, defense attorneys said they could not properly represent defendants such as ramzi bin al shibh until they have seen the investigation results and discussed them with their clients.   even so, few expect samsung to return to the record profits of given intensifying competition in the global smartphone market.   even so, said dine, "when corporations are more powerful than ever, one can wonder if it's the best time for the average worker to negotiate on his own."   even so, that figure remains far higher than for the western states, where unemployment stands at . percent - with . million people officially out of work.   even so, the report also recommends the u.s. continue sending it $. billion in mostly military aid.   even so, there remains a $. billion gap in the amount of funding needed for tb interventions in .   even students found “responsible” for alleged sexual assaults often faced little punishment, while their victims’ lives were turned upside down.   "even the burqas for sale in the markets will be withdrawn," pahimi deubet said.   even the french group pernod ricard has been cultivating red wine in ningxia since .   even the heat in-game marketing arm weighed in on the buzz surrounding the potential fight.   even the language barrier is easily overcome.   even the last game he didn't get scored on.   even the leader of the phoenix mosque that ritzheimer targeted publicly defended his right to protest.   even the most vigilant consumer can end up with an unpaid medical bill or a false report of an unpaid debt.   even then, he said, it's not always easy to determine whether taking something down is the right thing to do.   even then, he says, he's so far got about per cent goal-accuracy.   even the tidiest kitchens might be harboring harmful bacteria, and often where they’re least expected.   even the treatments (antidepressants and mood-stabilizing medications) can cause weight gain and other metabolic changes that increase the risk of heart disease, the statement points out.   even the two kickoffs that were returned saw the patriots hold percy harvin to just a .-yard average.   "even this one that was stabbed he runs, so he had to chase them," forte said.   "event horizon" in rio de janeiro – "my desire for the work is that, while being absolutely still, it expresses an alertness, an awareness, a mindfulness," says gormley.   even though i am nowhere near where the warehouse fire in this article was, i am so grateful for mr. casarin’s work, so saddened that he was injured, and hope my attempt at good cheer spreads towards the other firefighters like him as well.   even though it is better to trade coffee futures, i have chosen the etn because not many investors trade futures.   even though the biotech group continues to be out of favor for wall street, cramer has still seen a wave of biotech initial public offerings (ipos).   even though the taliban condemned schooling for girls as sinful and shameful, lido continued to practice her profession.   even though women make up % of the box office, studio executives still often focus on greenlighting movies dominated by men (see “spider-man,” “batman,” “x-men” and “iron man”).   even today americans think of victory as a birthright.   even today, most cambodian children drop out of school.   event organizers said the heat shouldn’t impact any floats or flowers, but for those in the parade, like marching bands, and those along its route, it’ll be a different story.   event organizers say the spiritual leader of tibetan buddhism will be in the audience of about ,, seated close to the dais and actor richard gere, a friend and follower.   eventually, the amount settled to per cent.   "eventually the bomb is going to drop out of the dollar and we are going to have to deal with reality," he added.   eventually, the book was so successful that it caught the attention of an agent, who helped him sign a deal with crown publishing.   eventually, the nun retired and was replaced with someone much kinder and more progressive, according to pamela.   eventually, there is some justice: several policemen were penalized and the villain was sentenced to years in prison.   eventually the teeth will fall out.   eventually, the three men clambered out of the vehicle as nissan waved his claws and growled.   eventually, though, the court did hear testimony relevant to the case.   "eventually we got a taxi; we went through bastille and i've never seen anything like it in france -- the place was full of police with kevlar armor and semi-automatic rifles.   even wall street banks are facing questions about the impact of falling oil prices.   "even when our software and sensors can detect a sticky situation and take action earlier and faster than an alert human driver, sometimes we won't be able to overcome the realities of speed and distance," google's urmson wrote.   even when the americans do win medals, it's not always quite like they drew it up.   even when the doctor informed her that she had a terminal illness, her faith and positive attitude never wavered.   even when women are clothed, look how the women are posing.   even while negotiations continued, the company last month renewed its license to operate in nigeria until .   even with all the senate problems, convincing newfoundlanders and labradorians to give up the extra representation that comes with the senate may be a tough sell.   even with extra staff to help with breakfast, there was too much going on in the confined kitchens to be able to prep everything efficiently.   even with medicaid coverage, patients are set back about $ a pill.   “even without the reminder of the savage attacks in paris, it is clear we live in an era where security is the most valuable currency.”   even with the crack, the public was never in danger, he said, because the window has multiple layers of both glass and acrylic.   everett morton was convicted of capital murder robbery in the shooting death of patrick dixon.   ever more people are pondering that question - and not just for fun.   ever since roe v. wade declared abortion-on-demand a constitutional right, defenders of that right have treated it as absolute, inviolable, and applicable to the entire length of pregnancy, from conception on down to natural birth.   ever since taking office last year, indian prime minister narendra modi has taken a strategic approach to ramp up his country's foreign policy engagement and expand india's trade partners.   !" every seconds, i might have actually gotten lost in it.   “everybody has sort of had it with the sense of entitlement in certain parts of the population,” he said.   everybody is behind you.   … "everybody is expecting higher oil prices towards the end of the year, so naturally there will be inventory (build)," he said, as refiners buy crude before it gets more expensive.   everybody is watching sons of anarchy and think we're out shooting people and what not, but this is what we do," toy run organizer john drakes said.   "everybody's coming to them for answers.   everybody’s got to do their job.   "everybody wants him now, but they can't have him," pavlovich says.   everybody would feel it.   every collision with lynch is an act of combustion, and it looked like the packers were trying to tackle a refrigerator.   "every contact with every citizen he made he definitely made a lasting impression.   'every day i go in for my treatment and i run into somebody new and different.'   “every day, i spend hours listening to music, and now i spend two hours practicing,” dindin said.   "every day, we are meeting producers, tv buyers, selectors from other big festivals around the world," said ratovoarivony, who is looking for , euros ($,) to start filming.   every episode requires some new storyline that will require its own musical interpretation.   every moment seemed precious, and for no one more so than the host.   every month thousands of people fleeing puerto rico’s economic crisis settle in central florida, each one a potential voter in next year’s presidential election.   everyone arrested in the raids is expected to make a first appearance in federal court tomorrow morning.   everyone bundles taft high with the city of taft.   "everyone could email me," he writes.   everyone has different tastes and interests.   everyone ignored me and kept doing their presentations.   "everyone is absolutely terrified of china," said a director at an international brokerage in hong kong, echoing the sentiment of many in the industry contacted by reuters.   "everyone is walking around in shock with disbelief.   "every one of your favorite faces from 'gma' is back," host robin roberts told viewers at the top of the alumni-packed telecast.   everyone seems like a character out of "alice in wonderland."   everyone's worn the olympic mittens -- even prince charles.   everyone there knew every rider, every horse, and it was like a family event as well.   everyone told me you're not supposed to do that, so i was being cheeky," laurin said.   “everyone wants to get through the line easier,” said forest jenkins, who is traveling through boise.   "everyone was a little bit down after we didn't execute the bunt but again, as a staff we tell the players we still have two more outs to get and we're going to battle all the way through it."   "every pta should do this!" said another.   every referee has their own room, no one else goes in it.   every saturday.   “every stall has got quality stuff,” said werner mennen, a lawyer who has come with a friend from a distant suburb of the city.   everything and everyone together again," wrote van charles-young.   everything else is politics," he said.   "everything else would just be supplementary considerations."   "everything has a price: from phoning a smuggler for euros to cutting a hole in a fence for - euros," said a humanitarian worker at the "new jungle" where some , migrants are camped.   everything has been done under the sun, so i think men are sort of looking for what's the thing that they don't see on their street or in their workplace."   everything is fake." advertisement dai asked why the family members could not go to reunion themselves to check the wreckage.   everything is firm, compared to soggy in february."   "everything is scientifically accurate," weir said.   “everything on top radio now sounds alike, but this is a phenomenon,” said lenny beer, editor of hits, an industry news and gossip magazine.   everything outside his own survival becomes a blur, and the camera reflects and respects that.   "everything was blown to bits and i felt stuff flying around and i left, i fell and then i got back up.   everything will work out fine to submit yourself to the world of entourage is to surrender any expectation of so much of what we associate with satisfying television: tension, stakes, darkness.   every time cosby looked down from the stage and nodded or smiled at us, i knew mom would be pleased, if not a little jealous that she wasn't there, too.   "every time i make this attempt, there's a lot of publicity about it," farley said.   every time i've gone to get a haircut there, they've been great, but the beard trimming is by far the best part.   "every time i went in the bush he was willing to go," says desjarlais.   "every time they believe europe's 'junkie', greece..   every time we play them it's close," said canada captain christine sinclair, who has to be careful not to pick up a second yellow card, which would ban her from canada's next match.   every time you think she might descend into caricature, hathaway pulls back and grounds jules.   every tuesday, starting at a.m. london time ( a.m. et), the gb white and the gb black one phones will be available without an invitation.   "every two or three years we get one of this size.   “every week is about learning something and getting better,” powers said.   every week they jot down a short menu of $ specials, throw a few cheap drinks in the mix and offer them up to help you forget you’ve still got four more days of work left until the weekend.   every year on dec. , the company performs what it calls "mini-miracles," with the goal of helping a minimum of , organizations and families across canada over a -hour period.   every year on thanksgiving, mstk has a marathon of past episodes to celebrate the series since they first aired on thanksgiving day in .   every year since the founding, those seats have been filled by people asked to swear the same type of oath, listen to the same types of evidence, and make the same hard decisions -- together.   evidence points to chinese government we don't expect that hackers would have access to the great firewall's source code or be able to install devices in the backbone of the chinese internet across multiple internet providers.   eweb conducted a competitive process to select a lead developer in .   examples include salt lake city (: a.m. mdt), indianapolis (: a.m. edt), and pierre, south dakota (: a.m. cdt).   except for these last parts, eastwood doesn't delve into such things.   excerpts of william reid's hours of videotaped interviews with holmes were played on the trial's opening day.   excessive consumption of fats and oils pose as a major threat to the global cooking oils and fats market.   excessive debt caused not only the crisis, but also the east asia crisis in the s and the latin american crisis in the s.   excess or low-cost electricity could be used to make ice, which would be used for later cooling when the price of electricity is high.   exchange rate . usd . eur . rus assad visits putin to thank for air strikes syrian president bashar al-assad flew to moscow on tuesday evening to personally thank russia's vladimir putin for his military support, according to reuters.   excluding one-time items, the company earned ¢ a share, down from ¢ a year ago but more than the ¢ adjusted consensus earnings estimate by analysts.   execution is still inconsistent, but this company has its act together.   execution of insane persons is banned. - mccleskey v. kemp.   executive director craig mackie and his association are busy getting ready to welcome syrian refugees in the next few months.   executives have become less sensitive to daily speculation around such issues as an emerging market slowdown or the potential timing of a us interest rate hike.”   ex-flames forward sven baertschi might suit up in game after the canucks recalled him from utica of the american hockey league where he had seven goals and points in as many games.   exhibit a on sunday: a come-from-behind anchor leg by lashawn merritt in the men's x that closed out the nine-day meet.   exhibit b: he once forbade his audience from applauding at a pair of concerts in his native greece, and instead made them sit in total silence for minutes after he stopped playing.   exhibitions in five different places will remain open until the show closes on october . it will leave behind renovated parks and the region hopes it will boost tourism for many years to come.   existing available capital will not meet this financial need - new financial institutions like the aiib and the ndb, a bank initiated by the brics countries, are stepping in to fill the gap.   expanding a country’s share of value added in the services gvc depend largely on the quality of infrastructure and efficient services markets.   expansion in the greek yogurt business in new york has been a boon to the dairy industry, but has also added to the milk surplus because many farmers expanded their herds and produced more milk than the yogurt plants needed, wood said.   expecting people in that situation to cook all their meals from scratch is slightly unreasonable, she says.   expedia isn’t the only online-travel agent to use the pricing model, but it is the biggest.   expensive magnetic resonance scanners may only be used for medical checks, christoph giesen warns, "making them as profitable as plain office copiers," if used on the basis of mere leasing agreements.   "experience of more than years in lcds is something you don't easily catch up with."   "experience shows that violence, conflict and terrorism feed on fear, mistrust, and the despair born of poverty and frustration," he said.   experts and politicians in russia say the same thing about ukraine and the west.   experts involved in the study say the infrastructure of a city and variety of outdoor activity options have a direct correlation to the overall health of a city.   experts of all sorts were quick to spread blame to fears around chinese growth and, to a lesser degree, a lack of clarity as to when the fed’s symbolic rate hike will take place.   experts said blair is competent to stand trial.   experts say any plan to repeal the federal mandates and reduce insurance subsidies under the current law would increase the number of uninsured.   experts say either approach would be a breakthrough because unlike past approaches, neither would be obtrusive or embarrassing.   experts say it may be that people are starting to slowly take health warnings seriously.   expiry dates and fees are generally not allowed on gift cards in manitoba, although there are some exceptions.   explaining the action, an official statement referred without elaborating to the responsibility and "shortcomings" of the company following an investigation into the crane crash that also injured other people.   explore new ways to create beauty.   exports also dipped on falling demand for some commodities, but to a far lesser extent, beijing reported.   exports fell .%, while imports were revised up to .% from .%, leading to a larger trade deficit which reduced gdp.   extra bleachers and tents will be brought in to transform the venue.   extreme summer nationals monster truck show at crystal beach stadium in woodward on sat (/) beginning at pm.   "extremist islamic terrorism has struck europe again, this time in denmark," he said sunday.   exxon mobil corp. is scheduled to release their fourth quarter earnings on thursday, january , .   exxon shares were up cents to $. an hour before trading opened in new york monday.   eyeballing the previous patterns, we may well have at least another year for the buyouts to rise to all-new frenzied heights before the fall-off hits.   eye-catching headlines suggestions from some scientists that guidelines warning people away from high-fat foods such as cream and cheese "should never have been written" make front-page news for some papers.   eyesores some homeowners have their hands full with new neighbours who demolish an existing home in order to build an oversized new one in its place.   eyewitness news reached out to state senator jean fuller.   fabius said earlier that cars, agriculture and the environment would be a particular focus of a high-level french economic and business delegation due to visit iran in september.   facebook twitter livefyre email print (reuters) here are three career programs that help veterans returning from service re-adjust to the “real world,” with educational development and occupational placement.   facebook adds this information to its data store and the platform benefits from the value its users bring.   facebook has steadily built its advertising business to become the world's second-largest digital ad platform after google.   facebook is not the place to complain about any aspect of your love life.   facebook is now an open capital entity.   facebook is trying to fix that.   facebook-owned instagram and whatsapp are playing a big role amongst younger groups," the study found.   facebook recently revamped pages to feature products and services for businesses.   facebook twitter pinterest prevea health is a physician-owned, multi-specialty clinic offering primary and specialized health care to patients throughout northeast wisconsin.   facebook twitter pinterest the minions joined comcast regional senior vice president john crowley to cut the ribbon at the grand opening of studio xfinity in chicago.   faces have a lot more depth and are far less wooden than in the ps version, something that's immediately apparent in the game's first encounter.   facing jonah was always exciting, although he was one of the players you wouldn't look at during the haka because he really went at it.   factories cut ,, snapping a -month hiring streak.   "factors like ability to pay the rent are certainly a consideration, but other things like ability to maintain the historic landscape and property are part of the criteria as well."   factset: factset research systems inc. .   fadi chehade, chief executive of the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers, said he still hoped that a new oversight system could be agreed in time.   fahmy, , renounced his egyptian citizenship, leading to the expectation that he could be deported to canada.   fahmy said the canadian government should have pushed harder with a "more aggressive approach" to free his brother.   fahmy's colleague, peter greste, an australian citizen, was released on sunday.   failed fake: pittsburgh's attempt at catching seattle unprepared instead provided the seahawks a spark.   failed to recognize disorder dane spurrell, now , is high-functioning at times, but doesn't respond to stress like most people.   failure to clinch a deal with creditors by the end of this month would see greece default on a . billion euro loan payment to the imf, making it the first euro zone member to go broke and potentially driving it out of the single currency.   failure to do so would bring a fine of up to , euros ($,).   failure to file means you will be responsible for the full cost of your health care insurance and you may be asked to repay some or all of the advance payments of the premium tax credit.   fain said he doesn't expect the bill to get a hearing this session, but wanted to start a conversation in advance of next year's legislative session.   " fair enough. . real talk.   fair warning, though: this one is gonna get a little weird.   fake job scams can take many forms – watch out for these three signs: read more..   falcon-ouellette says the issue closest to his heart is child welfare and the problem that so many aboriginal children are in the care of the state, something he vows to work on regardless of whether he is in cabinet.   falk, a redshirt sophomore, currently sits no. in the ncaa in passing (.), no. in total offense (.) and passing yards (,) and tied for fourth with touchdown passes.   falk would recognize the name.   fall can be a particularly busy time of year; however, a few easily implemented ideas can go a long way to add a festive vibe to your home.   falling interest rates could increase capital outflows in china and drag the yuan lower, meaning more pboc intervention in currency markets as policymakers have pledged to protect the yuan from sharp falls.   "falling prices have seen money go that bit further for households' weekly shop, and many firms are benefiting from lower oil prices," said rain newton-smith, director of economics at business lobby group, the confederation of british industry.   fallon, at his best, is great entertainment — as is fellow earnest celebrity enthusiast james corden, who follows colbert at the cbs late late show.   families refused to name four of the six mohels, and the other two declined to be tested, the city's department of health said.   families wanting their kids in elementary school to stay over the noon hour will pay $ per year, which works out to about cents per day.   families were affected.   family chocolate firm ferrero posted sales of €.bn in the year to the end of last august, and employs around , staff.   family communications.   "family films always have an audience, but that audience is extremely fickle and hard to please, just like the kids who go to these movies," dergarabedian said.   family members didn't say what type or brand of e-cigarette spahlinger was using and it's unknown what caused it to explode.   family members gather on scholarship night and one of the cousins presents the scholarship.   famously handpicked by north korean dictator kim jong un, the band was originally scheduled to perform a week of shows in beijing in a bid to improve relations between the two countries.   fans chanted "she said no" throughout the game and booed every time he touched the puck, according to nbc chicago reported.   fans hysterical after zayn quits one direction tom cruise: 'most dangerous thing i've ever done' see this congress member's parking job why is a home in albuquerque being pelted with pizza?   fans outside the courtroom shouted their support and got waves from peterson and his wife.   fans praised her polished presentation.   fans whistled the home side off the pitch at the break, frustrated by missed passes, a lack of cohesion and general lack of confidence.   fans will get to see that film when it hits theaters on dec. , .   far from destroying their economies, domestic climate action produces real benefits for their citizens, including new jobs, reduced poverty, and lower mortality rates.   "far from hiding from these statistics, to our knowledge the iaaf is the only sport in the world to have openly reported, reviewed and analyzed the statistics available in its long-term blood profiling database," its statement read.   faria beach park campground was under a voluntary evacuation.   farley points out scientists are already seeing polar bears hunting for other types of food.   farmers in fugu county, in western china's shaanxi province, were left open-mouthed when they saw the young animal running around their field.   far more common sense than the witch hunt hang em now katu has been advocating.   farook was then to walk down the roadway shooting into vehicles, the fbi said; marquez was to be the lookout and shoot any first responders.   farrer is also a high school math teacher at green forest.   fashion designer michael kors poses at a launch dinner for claiborne swanson frank's photo book "young … by devika krishna kumar (reuters) - michael kors holdings ltd <kors.   fashion santa at yorkdale mall 'for the adults' "canadian consumers remain confident," said rob cameron, chief product officer at moneris.   fast food accounts for percent of the industry restaurant visits, while fast casual is only percent, according to npd.   fast forward years.   fast-forward to present day, and they're expressing similar confusion about bmw's i car.   "fast track makes it virtually certain that the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), trade in services agreement (tisa), and other secret trade deals will become law," said the "internet-freedom" group fight for the future.   fatal accident only hamid, abdullah's -year-old brother, was able to take this ride to germany given that the facilitator had only limited space in his car.   faten hamama, , an egyptian actress whose cinematic career spanned nearly films, died jan. in cairo of an undisclosed illness.   father gary donegan from belfast, was one of a number of people who emailed to explain why.   father james martin, the editor-at-large of america magazine and a roman catholic priest, observes that what starts out as disapproval ends up "as a complete shaming of the person."   father, kevin, embraced his son after the win had been secured.   father's dying wish this isn't silverio's first shake at politics.   fat tuesday: cuisine around indy for mardi gras let's get literal for fat tuesday and find some great food around the circle city to celebrate.   favor hamilton doesn’t describe her decision to work as an escort as a sharp left turn but as a venture slightly further down a road she had already travelled.   favorite sports team: phoenix roadrunners minor league hockey.   faw found a store six miles away in pioneer square.   faymann, in separate comments to reporters, described relations with hungary as "correct" but also said that there was "tension," the austria press agency reported.   fazliddin kurbanov, a russian-speaking truck driver who fled uzbekistan in , was arrested in by federal authorities who said he was teaching people to build bombs to target public transportation and other targets.   fbi assistant special agent in charge/nypd joint terrorism task force, the huffington post's sam stein, naacp legal defense fund director sherrilyn ifill, nbcnews.com asia america editor amna nawaz and nbc's peter alexander, john yang and gabe gutierrez.   fda currently requires tests for at least four of six beta-lactam drugs - the most common group of antibiotics used on dairy farms - including penicillin, ampicillin and amoxicillin.   fear can handcuff people into not taking steps, but i think the fear is often on the part of the person in the unit.   fear continues to rock the u.s. stock market.   fear gripped the city, and behind most of it were the radicals of isis.   fearing for his life, mr gow said that he had no choice but to destroy of his most aggressive cattle.   fearing their power, zeus split them in half.   feather boas were a popular item at the cavendish beach rod stewart concert.   featured in politics group rallies behind harriet tubman for $ bill women on s conducted an online poll to determine which american woman should replace andrew jackson do independents care about clinton foundation donors?   featuring cbsn, / live news.   february , - in salt lake city, year old sulejmen talovic goes to a local mall and kills five people and injures four more.   february , - u.s. district judge arenda l. wright allen strikes down virginia's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional.   february , "one billion rising" movement raises awareness in dothan posted: fri : pm, feb , wiregrass residents danced away their lunch breaks today for the "one billion rising" movement.   february , - nasa loses communication with the iss during a software upgrade.   february - twenty-three inmates escape from a prison in sanaa.   february , - eurozone finance ministers approve a second bailout for greece, including € billion ($ billion) in new financing.   fed cautious over rates hikes the unemployment rate, however, ticked up slightly to . percent from . percent in april.   federal aid programs are "poorly designed" the government provides pell grants and subsidized loans for students from low-income families, but bair said the programs are abused, particularly by for-profit schools.   federal and state fisheries biologists say the warm water is lethal for the cold-water species and is wiping out at least half of this year's return of , fish.   federal authorities seized bank and brokerage accounts containing $. million they say came from the scheme.   federal aviation administration spokesman ian gregor said the plane's left engine caught fire and an investigation was underway.   federal inmates don’t have access to the internet, and magnotta’s profile was posted after he sent a written application along with the $ annual fee for the website, according to the website’s owner.   federal investigators are trying to determine what caused the plane to crash.   federal law limits how much cities can regulate internet service, so officials seek internet-related benefits from cable companies separately while negotiating cable-television franchise agreements.   federal law prohibits abortion providers from profiting from the sale of fetal tissue, inducing someone to have an abortion to provide the tissue, or altering the procedure in any way to harvest fetal tissue.   federal police said the suspect was charged in july over . kilograms of cocaine allegedly brought into sydney in his luggage from india.   federal, state and local authorities then checked every school for "threats or devices," lavoie said, adding that none were found.   federal subsidy currently the federal government underwrites via’s operating costs to the tune of $ million a year.   federer lost in last year's final, and hasn't won the wimbledon title since . : p.m. serena and venus williams have pulled out of women's doubles at wimbledon.   federer opens his nd consecutive grand slam campaign, extending his record, on sunday against a qualifier.   fedex is also enjoying good growth in its home markets and has seen strong stock appreciation over the past several years.   fed-up, angry supporters buoy donald trump the search for mexican drug lord 'el chapo' guzmán may have just taken a strange turnbusiness insider switch and save!   feel free to purchase some official chicagoist merchandise.   ” feeney adds that langer may have had an ulterior motive—he was associated with pro-nazi groups.   feerick said that temperatures will be very close to average, with an afternoon and evening thunderstorm in parts of the area.   fellaini up front anyone?   fellow officers arriving on the scene discovered a small bag of marijuana and digital scales in the suspects' car, surmising that bolton had encountered the two men as they were conducting some kind of a drug deal, police said.   fellow two-way player johnson jr. complemented two interceptions, one of which he returned for a touchdown, and seven tackles with six receptions for yards and a touchdown.   female boxer thinks like a champ female boxer thinks like a champ : south african football player siphiwe tshabalala grew up in soweto, one of johannesburg's poorer regions.   females don't produce sperm cells," said odessa seigel, a forensic scientist with the oregon state police.   "female wolves were happy to mate with him.   femicide and other forms of violence against women are now the crimes that are most reported in the country, with an average of , reports a year - this includes rape, sexual violence, physical and economic violence and murder."   feng has worked with instructor david leadbetter for four years.   fenton didn't return a phone message tuesday.   fenton's concerns surfaced in early june, sources told the denver station.   feret almost set up another goal on the hour mark, feeding striker herve bazile, but his back-heel went just wide.   ferguson appeared before a legislative standing committee in iqaluit tuesday to answer questions about his report, released in march, which found that bcc puts the safety and security of inmates and staff at risk.   ferguson protests across u.s. – a protester is arrested in new york during the macy's thanksgiving day parade on thursday, november .   " ferguson says he didn't report the incident to the calgary police because he didn't want to be told not to pay the hackers.   ferman buick gmc of tampa is pleased to share the news of the brand's feel-good automotive story of the year.   ferries are stuck at dover and part of the m has shut as lorries wait to cross the channel.   festivities begin at p.m. at landmark's century centre cinema and the screening is at : p.m. tickets are $.   few communities were spared, with some getting buried under about feet of snow.   few details have emerged about lam. he is listed as the co-owner of the north edmonton home where the seven bodies were found.   few details were available about monday's attack because the massive explosion also destroyed the local cell phone tower, sunita sahu, an official at the dantewada police control room, said.   fewer electric trains will run.   few had heard of haidari prior to his nomination last week.   few however, are as iconic, or widely celebrated as the hermès birkin bag.   few people have already hit the ice here at the official opening of the rideau canal skateway.   fhfa also asked each firm to make mortgages refinanced by low-income families a bigger share of their refinancing purchases, and to increase the number of mortgages they buy for multi-family properties each year.   fiat chrysler (fcau) said its u.s. sales rose % last month, it’s best october since , led by its dodge, jeep and ram truck brands.   fidel castro is out of power but his brother raul is president.   fidell also asked the house and senate armed services committees to avoid further statements "that prejudice our client's right to a fair trial."   fifa corruption scandal timeline photos march , – fifa announces its executive committee has approved proposed changes to its ethics committee, splitting it into two entities -- one to investigate allegations and another to rule on them.   "fifa has to be normalized and fifa has to be modernized.   "fifa is perplexed by the european parliament's resolution," said the zurich-based soccer body which is not obliged to heed the parliament and previously dismissed criticism by lawmaker groups, including the council of europe.   fifa president blatter and uefa president platini now face bans of several years at full hearings before fifa ethics judge joachim eckert, likely in december.   fifa's ban will take effect in may.   fifa secretary general jerome valcke had announced in march that the host country for the tournament would be decided at a fifa congress in the malaysian capital kuala lumpur in .   fifa's own financial documents provide the answer.   fifa suspended kuwait's soccer association over the same issue two weeks ago.   fifteen hours on the plane all told.   "fifty percent of the people i know want to get out," says naheed farid, , a member of parliament from herat who studied in the united states.   fighter jets scrambled fallon's remarks come as britain said thursday that it had scrambled typhoon fighter jets to escort two russian long-range bombers away from the south coast of england on wednesday evening.   fighting back tears, he continues: "it was like seeing the rolling stones."   fighting between armed groups vying to control tabankort has broken out several times this month, prompting the united nations peacekeeping mission minusma to carry out air strikes on tuareg rebel forces.   fighting has intensified before the parliamentary election, which the akp hopes will restore its single-party majority and furnish a mandate for stronger presidential powers for erdogan.   figures for august showed a sharp .% fall in exports as the weakening global economy and the strong dollar made u.s. goods more expensive for foreign buyers.   figures show that by december , donors had pledged $. billion but only paid $. billion.   filat, the most senior politician to ever have his immunity lifted, denies wrongdoing and says the probe is politically motivated.   file - in a tuesday, feb. , file photo, michael jackson and lionel richie receive a grammy for best song of the year for their song "we are the world" at the th annual grammy awards in los angeles.   file - in this march , , file photo, president barack obama speaks at the white house in washington.   file - in this march , file photo, israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu greets supporters at the party's election headquarters in tel aviv, israel.   file - in this sunday, march , , file photo, islamic state group militants hold up their flag … feb. — the islamic state group claims a jordanian airstrike kills american hostage kayla jean mueller.   file photo dated -- of martin johnson (l) and jonah lomu greet each other before their respective sides meet in the nobok challenge match.   file - this file image made from video broadcast on syrian state television on tuesday, oct. , … "the samples are valuable for the syrian people because they document the crimes committed against it," habib said in a telephone interview.   file - this is a thursday, july , file photo of apple co-founder steve wozniak as he speaks during the digital festival tagdf in mexico city.   fill out a report starting nov. , you'll be able to file a report on the new website.   filmmaker tyler perry has had an indelible impact on the film business this decade.   film: the last remaining seats—the film series screens classic films in historic theaters—begins this week with a screening of psycho on wednesday at pm at the million dollar theatre ().   finally, all children's hospital, nearly miles away from west palm beach in st. petersburg, agreed to take pa'rish, not yet weeks old.   finally!" exclaimed sarah kogler, who brought her family up to the resort to do some sledding.   finally, in resisting the "blackmail" of terrorism, hollande insisted, "we must go on living.   finally, i searched online until i found the winnipeg air quality index on the environment canada website.   finally, one last concern.   finally, penguins usually swallow their food whole.   finally, solitaire and minesweeper are returning through an app called the microsoft solitaire collection, which is tightly integrated into the xbox live app.   finally, the countdown to spring will begin.   finally there is the most recent piece of the puzzle: the soil analysis that seems to link the james ossuary with the talpiot tomb.   finally, this year's event is important for the skaters in a couple of ways.   finally, to those who continue to doubt the sun's agenda in giving women shelter: don't just tweet about it - do something about it.   finally, we can file a complaint,” said novikov.   financial adviser brian malley has pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder in the death of victoria shachtay.   financial analysts had forecast a loss of cents a share.   financial markets, primed for days of uncertainty, responded positively to the prospect of a clear outcome.   financials and healthcare led gains in the s&p, which struggled to stay in positive territory, while kre, the index's regional banking etf, gained more than . percent.   financial stability the resources are in place.   financial support for the league has been coming in, with a check for $, received from close, an app that enables people to buy and sell items within five miles from their homes.   financing from uncle sam isn't available to the typical investor (although homeowners do benefit indirectly from federal subsidies and can deduct interest they pay on their mortgage from their tax bill).   finding a way to allow municipal residents to purchase access to the rural sites is a good thing and possibly a money-maker, but it should not be confused or tied in with the basic support of solid waste rural sites by those intended to use them.   finding out more about the huge -unit habitat for humanity housing project happening on the former haultain school site finding out how locals cope with the trains that pass through the community multiple times per day.   finding that essential space to meet just got a little bit tougher for student organizations.   find national post on facebook topics: arts, news, world, l. ron hubbard, scientology, tom cruise sponsored by aeroplan sponsored by aeroplan this story was produced by postmedia works on behalf of aeroplan for commercial purposes.   find other like minded holistic people, they are everywhere!   find peaceful surroundings for best results.   find the latest traffic news here.   find the one you want and tap the icon and the chosen app pops onto the right panel, replacing the previously running app with the new one.   fine, but what is this "speculative return," and how does it alter the % forecast?   fingers have been pointed at agnes klein, who is in charge of the election and allowed the absentee ballots to be sent out.   finmin and bruegel organise economic conference in cyprus the conference in nicosia, will address a series of issues and more precisely, the lessons learned from the economic crisis and the subsequent restructuring of the banking sector of cyprus.   finnish minister says former is fighters among asylum-seekers "but we cannot say that there are terrorists in finland," orpo said.   fiona clark in moscow takes a look at the polls and finds that support is still strong - but for how long?   fiorina had many defenders, but their vigor seemed outmatched by the passion of the employees she dismissed.   fire breaks out at etobicoke banquet hall cbc news posted: feb , : pm et last updated: feb , : pm et a fire has broken out at an etobicoke banquet hall on sunday afternoon.   fire crews left, but they were called back later in the day for a report of a mattress fire on the first floor that sent one staff member to hospital for smoke inhalation.   fired up – wood fired pizza and pasta.   firefighters and medics responded to the scene, a construction site near th avenue ne and ne th street, at about : a.m. after receiving reports of an injury accident, said a bellevue fire department spokesperson.   firefighters from mountain home and the bureau of land management contained a range fire east of mountain home around p.m. friday.   firefighters reminded pet owners to keep a close eye on your pet when they are outside.   firefighters say at that time of the morning, people are usually sleeping, especially after new year's eve.   firefighters were called to merrymeeting road just as they were about to leave merrymeeting road where members responded to a fire of a minor nature.   firefighters worry potential cuts focus too much on saving money, instead of saving lives.   fire, plague and royalty - as seen by diarist samuel pepys november image copyright national maritime museum samuel pepys never intended his famous diaries to be made public.   first, as the guy who wants a place on park avenue settles for second avenue, the woman he outbids there ends up in brooklyn heights, and the family she outbids settles for bushwick, pushing prices up all the way out to the edges of the city.   first, beijing wants to have a secure and peaceful northern border with russia, so that it can concentrate its military resources and planning on other strategic theaters, above all in the western pacific.   first double-amputee athlete to compete against able-bodied runners in the olympics.   first, flood your city and take a dip.   first, gate's ryan james flashed a volley just wide before, aryan tajbakhsh's shot took a wicked deflection before just going wide of bull's left-hand post.   first-generation migrants make up almost percent of ontario’s population, and per canada's immigration policy, most are young, highly skilled or educated and are proficient in either english or french.   first, hebda said ice age bones are turning up in unexpected places, particularly as people dig reservoirs and irrigation canals.   first, helping working families -- particularly given santorum's past appeal to the state's blue-collar voters.   first inning, third pitch, first strike.   “first instinct, yelled at my daughter to hand me the phone..   first it starts with the people.   “first i want to thank the nexen heroes for allowing me the challenge of competing at a major-league level,” kang said in a team statement.   "first, i would protect the homeland by immediately stopping the flow of syrian refugees into the united states," he says.   first job: working as a stringer for 'the arizona republic' at high school football games.   first krewes kick off carnival season phunny phorty phellows and joan of arc roll on twelfth night despite streetcar construction.   firstly, it focuses entirely on mobile and wireless gadgets (which it makes it very cool already), and, secondly, it showcases new products that are far closer to reality than the pie-in-the-sky concepts on show at ces.   firstly, the ho dynasty lasted just seven years (-), a mere drop in the ocean of vietnam's turbulent history.   firstly, they had nothing on them but petty violations of counterfeit laws.   first of all, facebook combed through user data, aggregating information based off of what its over . billion monthly users were discussing the most on the socia media.   "first of all, one has to understand that unfortunately, kyiv is waging war against its own citizens," peskov said.   first of all, the road wasn't even a british one, so there's a lie straightaway.   "first of all, we're clearly going to work very closely with the french in terms of intelligence sharing, also in terms of their military response inside of syria," rhodes said.   first of all, when dirty money exchanges hands, it's harder to track.   first of all, you can now actually see when your shift is activated because the letters on the keyboard finally switch better lower case and upper case.   first off, fox news is to be commended for playing its part.   first, old and disabled people should not have to work.   first period rally for sweden down - after four minutes, the swedes rallied to open holes in the slovak defence and went into the first intermission tied -.   first place winners were athens auto auction: chris maddox, timmy casper, foster saunders and darryl dietrich.   first published january , : am tracy connor is a senior writer for nbc news.   first published january , : pm perry bacon jr. perry bacon jr. is a senior political reporter for nbc news.   first published may , : am bill neely bill neely is nbc news chief global correspondent.   first published may , : am carrie dann is a national political writer for nbcnews.com. she has worked for nbc and nbcnews.com since .   first published oct , : pm et next story five arizona car-in-lake deaths were 'possible murder-suicide'   first-quarter revenue was ahead of expectations, but operating profit dropped percent, which nokia blamed largely on the need to cut prices to secure major mobile contracts in china and on weaker software sales.   first snowstorm of the season.   first, the city spends money on a catalyst project designed to spur development in the area, like the arena.   first warning weather app download the free app to your ios or android devices.   first, we don't know how many would-be attackers were successfully stopped by france's laws.   first, what matters most is not diversity but what we do with it -- how we make inclusive institutions and experiences that fully leverage its power.   fiscal head wants to see vat refund debts cleared by year's end please subscribe for full access unian web subscription get a complete information picture of the day by subscribing to unian’s news feeds.   fishermen hearing the migrants' screams of migrants alerted the turkish coast guard, who picked up the bodies from the sea after the wooden boat carrying migrants from iraq, pakistan and syria capsized about . km off the coast.   fisher said ford ironed out problems with transmissions and infotainment problems that surfaced several years ago when the automaker introduced a raft of new vehicles.   fish for sale are seen at the fish market of villa maria del triunfo, on the outskirts of lima, march , .   "fishing boats and other small seacrafts are advised not to venture out into the sea while larger sea vessels are alerted against big waves," it warned.   fishing is an important industry in the bahamas, and in grand bahama we are looking at providing protection for several new areas which are important nurseries for key fishery species.   fish's health problems began in march when his heart started racing uncontrollably the night after he lost a match at key biscayne, florida.   fitch said friday that cyprus' economy will grow by . percent of gross domestic product, up from an earlier projection of a . percent contraction.   fit nation couple trains together fit nation couple trains together : being diagnosed with two herniated discs and a concussion definitely affected me and slowed me down, but i was not going to let it stop me.   fit nation's linda garrett powers through photos garrett is trying to push through her knee injury.   fitness fanatics are willing to pay for the high-priced classes because they "see being fit as a status symbol," says health club consultant bryan o'rourke.   five grill-ready varieties to feed your wild side the jack link's wild side sausage line includes five flavor varieties that are fully cooked and ready to throw on the grill.   five horses died in the june fire in falmouth, n.s.. when it broke out, kevin crosby went into the barn to try to save as many horses as he could.   five large candles represented those who died and more than fifty small candles flickered for those who were injured.   five of davis' six deputy clerks — all except her son, nathan — agreed to issue licenses to gay couples with davis behind bars.   five of the district's high schools produced not a single student who met these requirements.   five of the jurors said they were patriots fans and that they often held back tears during their deliberations.   five of these drilling operations have occurred at the base of mount sharp.   five of those were aged under , the court heard.   five others aboard the train were also killed and were injured.   five people were injured when a fire erupted at a refugee shelter in rottenburg in south-western state of baden-wuerttemberg early monday.   five players, including new south wales state of origin forward greg bird, have been stood down from the titans playing group after being issued with notices to appear in court next month to face drug-related allegations.   five russian officers were delivered in a separate vehicle and their bodies were at once sent to russia.   five vaccine doses are given to children at two months, four months, six months, to months and four to six years.   five women and two children died with them.   five years ago, our church hosted an encampment.   "five years ago we had to explain to most policy makers what being transgender meant, now it is about how to enact change and improve trans rights," said evelyne paradis, executive director of ilga-europe, a network of european lgbt groups.   five years ago: white house budget director peter orszag announced he was stepping down.   five years earlier he had pleaded guilty to threatening to kidnap and harm the daughters of president george w. bush.   five years later, and after a thrilling ride with our new client, the company was sold to warren buffet and a fortune was made.   fixed will then check to see if there are any errors on the ticket, check google street view to see if the area had the correct signage, and then send a letter to the city.   fixing something that's 'fixed' on a more fundamental level, the report authors also took issue with the notion that someone's identity or orientation needs to be changed in the first place.   flags outside the st. albert rcmp detachment were lowered to half-mast.   flagstaff medical center said it couldn’t release any information on conditions of the three survivors.   flake, a freshman who had praised president barack obama for seeking a diplomatic solution, had been publicly undecided, making him a top target of the white house's concerted lobbying campaign.   flakka, which can be crushed and snorted, swallowed or injected, is peddled under many brand names, including the less-potent cathinone, "molly."   flames still ate at utility poles and power lines, and only a fifth of the damage had been assessed because most of the area was considered too dangerous for repair crews.   flashbacks to the hero’s encounters with the likes of stalin, truman, francisco franco and robert oppenheimer, among others, make this a convoluted and very funny journey indeed.   flash flooding—which as we've recently seen can be deadly—could strike the region's deserts, mountains and locations recently scorched by wildfires in l.a. county.   flash is a popular target for exploit kits because it runs in all popular browsers and on multiple operating systems.   flash needed a major rewrite to work on the iphone, but mr. icaza couldn’t get his superiors to allocate the necessary resources.   flattened crops also make harvesting difficult, he said.   flavia pennetta has won the first-set tiebreaker - in the unexpected all-italian u.s. open women's final against roberta vinci.   fleet feet columbia is providing shoes for some of the girls in the program.   fletcher, who chose not to appeal, said he first learned of the wording request in a phone call from the superintendent's office shortly after veterans day.   flex pulse, as the project is known, could let the singapore-based manufacturer buy disk drives at the first signs that a flood could damage drive factories in thailand, before prices rise, mcnamara said.   flickr: davidbunting towering above leicestershire’s countryside and with underground tunnels snaking their way below, it’s unsurprising that the magnificent ruins of ashby castle inspired aspects of the th century novel ivanhoe.   flight reservation systems failed at australia's qantas airlines, causing flight delays.   flood victims may also request assistance online by e-mailing disasterinfo@scbar.org. tax relief for storm victims victims of the severe storms and flooding may qualify for tax relief from the internal revenue service.   floral tributes left on the old tollbridge near the a at shoreham in west sussex hundreds of floral tributes have been laid at the bridge, which has become a focal point for the community to remember those who lost their lives.   florida was expected to have a population of over four million in and more than six million by .   flournoy said the united states should turn its focus to arming sunni tribes and kurds and called for "more resources to the provinces" where they can be more effective.   flowers' role in the offense expanded as the year progressed, both in being part of the passing game and as a critical blocker for running backs samaje perine and joe mixon.   fluke talked about conservative radio host rush limbaugh and the comments he made on his program after she testified to democratic members of congress in support of a requirement that health care companies provide coverage for contraception.   fly by night – solar impulse is the upgraded version of a prototype (pictured here) that wrote history in by becoming the first solar aircraft capable of flying overnight.   flying saucer: "i could not get over how delicious the steak and eggs were," remembers ina.   flynn said that, while refineries are producing more gasoline than ever, demand for it all is at its highest level since before the economic slowdown of .   fmi call the american cancer society office in amarillo at --.   focusing on evolution/creation has also narrowed the conversation about the relationship that religious people have with science, according to ecklund and colleagues.   focus on the hundreds of ceramic pots that come before the masterpiece.   fogle attorney ron elberger declined to comment wednesday when asked about the recordings and herman-walrond's allegations.   foia's webpage lists nine fairly broad categories of exempted information which would be redacted from these emails if it's found.   folake kuye huntoon en demestiks ny folake kuye huntoon en demestiks ny folasade adeoso is one of the queens of the head wrap.   fold in the chocolate mix, golden syrup and cream with a metal spoon. . pour the mix over the biscuit base and cook for - minutes until there is only just the very faintest of wobbles.   foley said that ride sharing has already been regulated in more than jurisdictions around the world, and that it is time for nsw to join the list.   foley's parents john and diane said le pen had used the uncensored photograph of their son "shamefully" and they were "deeply disturbed".   follow @bbcouch on twitter and on facebook, and listen to our monthly talk show the priest who had both hands blown off by a letter bomb amputee father michael lapsley says people should talk about their disabilities.   follow @cnnphotos on twitter to join the conversation about photography.   follow @errolswindow and other cnners on the @cnnscenes gallery on instagram for more images you don't always see on news reports from our teams around the world.   followers believe thousands of practitioners have been killed, imprisoned or put in labour camps in china since .   follow grant cardone on twitter: www.twitter.com/grantcardone more: sales & shopping business small business success this blogger's books and other items from..   follow her on twitter: @carygib.   follow her on twitter @melindard.   follow her on twitter: @sallykohn.   "following a further review of the evidence, it is now clear that over kilograms of fried rice was not fit for human consumption," she said.   following all the turkish pollsters' failure to predict the result, the owner of the konda pollster, tarhan erdem, stated: "we were wrong, and we are going to find out why."   following carson, florida senator marco rubio and texas senator ted cruz are tied for third place, with more than percent each.   following his visit to israel, carter held consultations in saudi arabia and jordan, bringing bilateral security reassurances to the two kingdoms.   following laboratory-confirmation of influenza a, the case received antiviral therapy for five days.   following martha washington's death in , judge was never again pursued by bounty hunters hired by the washington/custis heirs.   following mugabe's protest, south africa's president jacob zuma also decided to stay at home.   following saudi arabia's announcement that it was shifting phases, pro-houthi almasirah television said their forces called for mass protests in sanaa on wednesday to denounce the kingdom's aggression.   following the -minute display, applause broke out across the golf course as the final shells exploded and faded from view.   following the appeal dismissal in december, predham newman's uncle said all evidence pointed to newman.   following the break-ins, jarvis was charged with several felonies and misdemeanors, including burglary and vandalism.   following the civil war in the s many somalis fled their home.   following the concert, generations is holding a cd release party on nov. . given the big impression his hank williams cover has made, martin said those who attend will no doubt get a taste of the country classic.   following the excellent re-release of grim fandango, schafer’s double fine studio is set to revisit one of his earliest hits with ’s quirky day of the tentacle.   following the exit of longtime coach michael gunn at the end of the season, don chuboff led the spartans to a - season before being replaced by current head signal caller, josh alexander.   following their convictions on june , , fahmy, an egyptian-canadian, and australian peter greste were sentenced to seven years in prison.   following the official results, lawmakers can now be sworn in and president tayyip erdogan can call for a new government to be formed.   following wall street's gains on tuesday and more rises in asia overnight, msci's -country world index <.   follow jess murphy on twitter: www.twitter.com/jessmoify fifa girlfriends xbox ps relationships humour music music fifa memes.   follow @laist or me (@christineziemba) on twitter.   follow linda coles on twitter: www.twitter.com/bluebanana healthy living fitness and exercise diet tips health this blogger's books and other items from..   follow loren brill on twitter: www.twitter.com/sweetlorens click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   follow ralph d. russo at www.twitter.com/ralphdrussoap copyright the associated press.   follow the phillies: download our free pro baseball app!   follow the rules rottweil will soon boast germany's highest observation deck, and that's not an accident.   follow the team on twitter.   follow tia ghose on twitter and google+.   follow us at @worldsportcnn and like us on facebook (cnn)it's official -- world football's controversial leader sepp blatter is set to enter the enemy's lair just weeks after accusing uefa of plotting to depose him.   follow us @livescience, facebook & google+.   follow us @livescience, facebook& google+.   follow us @spacedotcom, facebook or google+.   food and medication are up to three times cheaper in the rest of the country than in the self-proclaimed peoples' republics.   foodbank staff with mp rheman chishti and tesco extra store manager steve peeling.   food lovers have two gratuitous excuses to enjoy mexican food this september, when both mexico’s independence day and national guacamole day take place on the th.   food often goes to waste mere blocks away from where people could use it.) we do deliver to institutions that traditionally serve food-insecure people, such as food pantries, day shelters and churches.   for -year-old football fanatic karsten fagen, his health has kept him in the cheering section, unable to play the sport he loves so much.   for $, per person you don't get to go all the way around the world, but you do get a good look at alaska, asia, australia and the south pacific, with overnights including tokyo, sydney and shanghai.   for , clinton paid an effective federal tax rate of . percent, her campaign calculates.   for abbott, a basic artificial leg wasn't enough to help her get her life back.   for about years, the party enforced its policy on most chinese to curb population growth, and to spur the economy.   for about six years, the church by the sea heritage group raised $,, in hopes of restoring the old anglican church in the town.   for a brief moment, schalke wobbled but seconds later they steadied their legs.   for a chance to be mentioned on the next cnn student news, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state.   for a constant stream of entertainment news and discussion, follow huffpost entertainment on viber.   for additional power, like centurylink's system, energy servers are grouped side by side.   for a few days lebanon teetered on the brink of a new civil war.   for a few moments the body did its job.   for a kid who had only ever known football, donning a helmet and kicking an oval ball was strange.   for all our successes as multi-racial, multi-faith democracy, we have to confront a tragic truth that there are people born and raised in this country who don’t really identify with britain – and feel little or no attachment to other people here.   for all the daughters stone is feisty and passionate about helping women who are suffering or have suffered from a perinatal mental illness, saying she would throw herself on a fire or in front of a bus to help moms.   for all those writing about what @dickc did wrong.   for a more decadent cup of coffee, drizzle a little caramel syrup into your cup.   for an even cheaper option, amazon's $ fire tv stick has fewer features but runs the same services.   foran said that the percentage of stores which got a "pass" grade for cleanliness, speed and friendliness had risen to percent from percent at the beginning of the year.   for any family, regardless of who it is, it is one of the worst things that you could imagine would happen to you," bray added.   for any naysayers out there, keep in mind that the “kiddie tax” does not apply in this situation, as it only applies to passive income.   for a sense of the scale of her operation, look at your feet, or those of the strangers on your next commute: if they’re shod in ugg, sperry top-sider, l.l.bean, or timberland, the leather laces probably came from howlett’s factory.   for a small but procedurally decisive segment of his republican colleagues in the house, governmental dysfunction, gridlock, paralysis, and chaos are features, not bugs.   for a start, he recommends surfing with browsers that don't use webview but still get updates, like chrome (which works on devices using android .) and firefox (which runs on ancient android . hardware).   for a start, it would mean that north korea's activities would undoubtedly meet the definition, if it had not already, of a runaway nuclear weapons program, with the potential to be fueled by a large supply of raw uranium buried in north korea's mines.   for bangladesh, openers tamim iqbal and imrul kayes scored each, and mahmudullah made , his first half-century since the cricket world cup.   forbes named beyonce the top-earning woman in music for , thanks to the release of a chart-topping secret album and a highly successful joint tour with husband jay z. she made $ million.   for both jiang and zhang, bringing their babies home to china was a smooth process.   for cameron, this has changed.   forced to throw, true freshman quarterback jake browning did help the huskies get within six points twice, completing of passes in the second half, but he was often under pressure (five sacks) and he committed three of uw’s five turnovers.   for china, victory over japan has come to symbolize the end of "the century of humiliation" at the hands of foreign powers and has been used by the chinese communist party to legitimize its rule.   for city commuters, slippery conditions could add extra minutes to the drive.   for consumers, getting their first car with semi-automated features can be both exciting and daunting, especially those who haven't bought a new car in years.   “for context,” he continued, “california uses about forty-four feet of water a year.   ford admitted to smoking crack cocaine. photos: politicians in hot water former u.s. rep. jesse jackson jr. and his wife, sandra, arrive at federal court in washington for sentencing in august .   for days, i kept putting him back out, only for him to break back in again.   ford ceo mark fields at the consumer electronics show in las vegas ford ceo: we're a 'mobility company' that does more than make cars ford may be an iconic michigan automaker, but to ceo mark fields, it's "a mobility company."   for decades, black and asian advocacy groups have been trying to bridge differences between the communities.   for decades, extremists have had no need for deception.   ford executive chairman bill ford says the new gt will go on sale late next year, first in the u.s. production will be limited.   ford returns in the new movie as now-grizzled rebel pilot han solo.   ford was forced to make an emergency landing shortly after taking off from santa monica airport when the plane suffered engine troubles, but he is expected to make a full recovery from the injuries he sustained in the crash.   forecasters: million warned to watch for severe weather “it’s hard to see someone finally happy in their life and it’s gone so fast,” smillie told the illinoisan.   forecasters say a grey haze from western wildfires is expected to continue over parts of colorado this weekend.   forecasters say the storm is bringing mile per hour winds with low humidity and high fire dangers.   foreign aid could also see an increase for the first time since .   foreign election observers also noted the peculiarities - and contacted diplomats in abuja who called in international intervention.   foreigners like matson seemed drawn to helping kurds, yazidis and other minority ethnic groups caught up in the battle, facing possible destruction at the hand of extremists willing to massacres hundreds in propaganda videos.   foreign-owned companies in manufacturing, financial services and construction will have to directly sell between and percent shares to locals, while empowerment credits, such as funding programs for women and young people, make up the balance.   foreign players currently serving china's e-commerce market include amazon.com and wal-mart.   for ekeh, the cause is personal.   foreman-mackey takes individual pursuit on the women's side, it was a good day for the track endurance athletes in the ,-metre individual pursuit.   forest hills fire again..   forestry and agricultural industries are taking on costs in the billions of dollars when bats are no longer available to control serious insect pests, research reveals.   "forests, like energy, can be renewable resources," said lisa jackson, apple's vp of environmental initiatives and former head of the epa.   forests minister steve thomson was unavailable for comment.   for everyone else's sake, we're hoping reevu provides a clearer idea of how the device actually works by the time it arrives on kickstarter later this year.   for everyone who wants to work "clean", there are no obstacles for the transportation of goods through the customs checkpoints.   for example, a family paying $ for gb at at&t can get the same amount of data for $ if they switch.   for example, an israeli will generally not try to wrap up his arguments, in a particularly sophisticated way.   for example, a security question which asks “who is your favorite superhero?” only makes things easier for individuals looking to bypass a user’s security questions.   for example, he received a message from an individual claiming they were serving with the marine corps in afghanistan.   for example, if you and your spouse want to take an anniversary trip, you both may be more likely and willing to cut back in other places.   for example, imagine a company that makes sporting goods.   for example, in cairo, the ministry of urban planning has adopted women's safety audits to guide their development plans.   for example, it's a good idea to check out floor samples.   for example, marketers can automate responses and outreach to customers immediately when an event trigger, such as joining a loyalty program or downloading an app, is activated.   for example, mycorrhiza fungi can increase the root system, improve its drought tolerance, and improve nutrition.   for example, oracle rival sap (sap) has been asking sun and oracle for direction on the future of java, which it uses to build its products.   "for example, physicians might receive faxes from a pharmacist to say, 'i've immunized of your patients and here's the faxes on it.'   for example, pluto and charon may have held onto their interior radioactive heat for much longer than scientists had thought possible.   for example, she refused to go on the sunday news shows in the wake of the benghazi attacks, leaving susan rice to fill the hot seat.   for example, snake won't be able to interrogate foes until he's actually recruited an interpreter.   for example, the board awarded only percent of hassell's individual pay component for incentives after weighing a number of factors.   for example, the fare from city central to the airport on the east side would jump by about $ to $.   for example, the murdoch family’s st century fox is an investor in vice media, while time warner has invested in the online news site mashable.   for example, the new airbnb card will show you suggested listings for upcoming trips, or remind you to book a rental if you've searched listings for a specific date.   for example, the new york-newark-jersey city metro area includes cities in new york as well as new jersey.   for example, there may be a religious or political belief structure that people identify with in the collective that makes up a large part of a person's sense of self or identity.   for example, there were no sanctions on medical supplies, but sanctions on banking and insurance operations meant that buying essential drugs became impossible, forcing people to buy inferior or fake versions in the black market.   for example, the rubin museum of art in new york city gives people and older free admission the first monday of every month.   for example, while glucosamine and chondroitin use is down, fish oil use is up.   "for example, you might get a $ credit for fees from an airline.   for full details of the bbc's six nations coverage in , click here.   forged lightsaber-katana fit for a 'star wars' samurai forging a real, working assassin's creed hidden blade "man at arms: reforged" visits with baltimore knife & sword co. for an adventurous romp through the creation of a hylian shield.   for hardware and manufacturing, you come to shenzhen."   for her, as long as the army continues engaging in the sphere of development, she wants to do it the right way, which includes involving stakeholders as much as possible, rather than imposing mandates.   for hillary clinton, it's percent false and percent "pants on fire," although she's also racked up percent of statements dubbed the insidious "mostly false."   for him to die in his favourite place, skin-to-skin on my chest, listening to my heart beat.   for his encore, “the rosie effect,” simsion could easily have lapsed into movie-sequel mode and dished up flavorless seconds.   for his own message, bush will attempt to reintroduce his platform during a speech monday in tampa in connection with the release of an ebook based on emails with constituents during his time as governor.   for hitler, denno made the trademark mustache with a magic marker while stalin was a combination of star wars chancellor palpatine, uncle vernon from harry potter and luke skywalker.   for info -, www.seattlefirstbaptist.org/sjv shame to grace sunday saa. -:pm.   for instance, french bank bnp paribas had to pay a penalty of $ billion the previous summer, following charges that it violated sanctions against sudan and iran, even though the transactions in question did not even take place on american soil.   for instance, kids can adjust tv settings by turning on "auto brightness control," a feature that adjusts the screen's brightness to ambient light levels, instead of keeping the screen at its brightest setting.   for instance, suicide is one of the leading causes of death in the military and those working in the so-called protective services with access to firearms have among the highest rates of suicide.   for instance, the hearing board that determines if action should be taken against an officer is composed of fellow officers.   for instance, the hybridized animal pits date to the iron age, before the romans arrived.   for instance, the researchers found that bowhead whales have unique mutations in a gene called ercc, which is involved in repairing damaged dna.   for instant chemistry's matchmaking effort, they've partnered with the new online dating site singldout, which connects busy professionals on linkedin (lnkd, tech).   for investors interested in gold, that means keeping a close eye on the value of other things -- in particular, the value of paper money and the u.s. dollar.   for its part, hornet said it's going to work with the brazilian government to improve the campaign.   for jennifer, cooking is a stress reliever, and she loves to spoil her friends and family with food, containing her favourite cooking ingredients – wine, cream, and butter.   for joan joslin, this was the "reward" for years of work among the code-breakers, cryptanalysts and cypher machines at bletchley park during world war ii: a sneak preview of history, but one she wasn't allowed to share.   for josh greenman, opinion editor at the new york daily news, wednesday's carnage in paris had implications in the united states.   for july, airline fares dropped . percent, the biggest decline since a . percent plunge in december .   for just a moment, brief as can be, novak djokovic was in a bit of a tight spot.   for laforet, it was a thrilling experience and one that offered some surprising perspectives.   for large parcel land owners, please continue to follow the schedule established with the district.   for many artists, switching to a poor-quality ink, is just not an option.   for many that day forever changed the course of their lives.   for many victims, revealing what they have gone through is harder than any of us can understand and an estimated record shaking % of sexual assaults in america are not reported to police.   for mattingly, there was no way "to soften that blow" after the dodgers were ultimately outplayed by the mets in their best-of five nl division series.   for me, it was nothing but nice.   for me, i was just trying to find a way to test my own hypothesis, test other people's assumptions and see if something like this could work."   for me, personally, being a part of selma has reminded me not to ignore the fact that race is an issue.   former congresswoman and handgun violence survivor gabby giffords (d-ariz.) speaks during a news conference about background checks for gun purchases at the canon house office building on capitol hill on march , .   former conservative campaign worker michael sona participated in a scheme to send thousands of automated phone calls to guelph opposition voters wrongly telling them their polling station had moved in a gross voter suppression tactic.   former england international gary lineker and mino raiola, the agent of black italian player mario balotelli, were among the first to hit out.   former fbi futurist marc goodman said that both spies and organized criminals are likely at work, the former seeking leverage to use in recruiting informants and the latter looking to cash in on medical and insurance fraud.   former finance minister jim flaherty's whitby seat also switched sides.   former investigator igor krasnov had actually promised to show me all the material, including video footage.   former liberal leader michael ignatieff was once pilloried by the late jack layton for the time he spent out of the house of commons and on the road trying to stir up support from canadians.   formerly a senior political writer for united press international, he’s now affiliated with several public policy organizations including let freedom ring, and frontiers of freedom.   former mrs beatle targets world record photos the idea for the record attempt was first spawned in australia and she has been encouraged by the legendary franz klammer.   former nbc news anchor sharon reed goes south wissahickon beauty in w. mount airy for $k get the latest philly.com dining newsletter delivered to your email.   former new york gov. george pataki, who left that office in , could be a more important figure in republican politics through his presidential campaign, even though he is almost certain to lose.   former pennsylvania sen. rick santorum, who faces the same gloomy percentage, is also looking for a way out of the dredges.   former president medvedev became his prime minister.   former prime minister and current vice president maliki was the most senior and controversial of those named responsible in the report for the islamic state jihadist group's takeover of nineveh province capital mosul in .   former rebel brigades which once foughtside by side have now turned on each other, aligning themselveswith rival political factions in a scramble for control.   former republican state rep. mike reynolds attempted to address the panel, but acting chairwoman linda edmondson declined to recognize him.   former translink ceo ian jarvis was fired from his job in february and continues to draw his annual salary of $,.   for me, sport was my avenue."   “for me, there is a pecking order, and he’s the next one.”   for millions of americans, the answer is no.   for mobile device users: should summerside electric keep its rates in line with maritime electric's?   for more about him on the huffington post, click here.   for more information about flw visit flwfishing.com and look for flw on twitter, facebook, instagram and youtube.   for more information, check out the cityfest website. th annual tommy thompson park butterfly festival aug , tommy thompson park this the perfect time of the year to catch sightings of monarch butterflies as they make their way to mexico.   for more information click here.   for more information, email pflagrm.com. the spring hope chamber of commerce will meet on monday, nov. , in the chamber building.   for more information go to: central nh permaculture meetup events calendar or contact unh cooperative extension at --.   for more information on copa kids care, please contact traci manoguerra at --, ext. or e-mail tmanoguerra@musd.org.   for more information on erica campbell’s “more than pretty” campaign head here.   for more information or to learn how to apply for the two new programs, visit woodbury's college of transdisciplinarity.   for more information or to participate in the study you can go to capl@upei.ca. report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   for more information, please visit their website at www.mccuskerco.com or call --.   for more information, please visit www.thefloridafirm.com comment on this story..   for more information, see londontown.com. about londontown.com read more press releases from kieran kerrigan: comment on this story..   for more information, visit www.autojusticeattorney.com or call --what-next (---).   for more information, visit www.montagetalent.com. see more news releases in journalists and bloggers visit pr newswire for journalists, our free resources for releases, photos and customized feeds.   for more on the poll's methodology, you can read the full poll here.   for more than years, lawyers at the firm have pursued justice on behalf of victims who suffered injury in auto accidents, construction accidents, dog attacks, dangerous property and defective product claims and more.   "for more than years, too many politicians in washington have made deliberate choices that favored those with money and power," she told the afl-cio audience.   for most, a safe home, a job and good schools for their children will be enough.   for most of the morning, the alert covered the city as well as numerous communities to the south, east and north.   for most of us this is not religion; this is sickness.   for most people, the process is simple.   for most politicians, the campaign trail is lined with budget hotels (even president obama still stays at the holiday inn).   for mr shwe mann, this creates distance between him and the military regime of which he was a leader until .   for nearly just as long activists have organized campaigns in his name.   for now, all they want is to be part of the conversation.   for now, nasa's human exploration is confined to low earth orbit, but it has an orion spacecraft under development to bring people further into the solar system.   for now, the android watches are most likely to appeal to iphone owners reluctant to spend a lot of money on a device that remains more of a novelty than an essential gadget.   for now, they can file a complaint with the cfpb.   for now you can only create them on iphone; android support is coming next year.   for one, it doesn't even have a periscope.   for one, the contract between mgm and sony is up and the franchise is in the market for a new distributor.   for others, the drive is religious – these people believe that western laws contradict islamic teachings and are therefore immoral, the foreign policy journal reported.   "for our community to have this … there's going to be a hundred thousand whys.   for over a decade, diet doc has produced a sophisticated, doctor designed weight loss program that addresses each individual specific health need to promote fast, safe and long term weight loss.   for people born between and , the full retirement age is . for those born between to , the full retirement age increases every two months above years old.   "for people who are diagnosed with gender dysphoria, hormone replacement therapy is also an essential treatment method," said shen.   for perspective iran is more than three times the size of iraq and has a population of million people more than double that of the country we invaded.   for pizza farm pros, that's part of the fun.   "for quite some time, i was hoping that another credible challenger would put himself forward, but that simply has not happened," said the former president of four-time european champion ajax.   for ross, an executive at kingston, surrey-based cnm estates, it’s become a matter of principle.   for santas with deeper pockets, there is the revolution home gym for $,, which offers exercises and has newer resistance technology that makes for easier use.   for several hours, i believed my only possessions were my leather jacket, cell phone, and.   for several years, leading voices in the openstack community have been warning the project has been too focused on adding new features instead of stabilising its core.   "for short-term exposure, the risk of european citizens being exposed to harmful levels of residues via their diet was rated as low," the efsa said in a statement.   for small business owners and to-be entrepreneurs, start picking up skills that can save you money down the road.   for smith, that has something to do with understanding where this music came from, how it fits into various internal and external landscapes.   "for some companies, new telecommuting and remote work options have helped them fill their talent gaps."   for some conservatives, however, too many deals with democrats isn't a good thing.   for some families, they say, the loss will be as much as £,.   for some iraqis, heat waves mean big business.   for some loyal playstation fans, this latest outage is the final straw.   for something so significant, which will determine the whole future of our country beyond what happens at general elections, it's only right that young people have their say.   for spock, the operative phrase would have been "to calmly go, still inner demons and get the job done."   for starters, it will need its suppliers to get on board with the program.   for starters, the gold king mine has an owner, and it is not as barren inside as it is made out to be.   for starters, the journey there is quicker.   for starters, while future withdrawals will be federally tax free, you might owe gift tax if you contribute more than $, annually.   for such a crucial document in england's and world history, and its age of years, it's remarkable how many new things historians are learning about magna carta.   for technical and bureaucratic reasons, the program was not collecting a large chunk of mobile calling records, which made it less effective as fewer people continued to use landlines.   for that cause, xero and payments industry company paymark announced that they were teaming up to eliminate paper receipts in new zealand.   for that reason, fewer ingredients could fit in drinks, and so the formulas became simple and adaptable.   for that reason, he says, most non-player characters walking around an open-world game like grand theft auto or assassin's creed will probably be the same height, because they're all using a single person's skeleton.   for that trifling sum, you get to sway the direction of labour’s future, and, if enough of you sign up—many minds with but a single thought—the outcome will be anything but a trifle.   for the -year-old savvy rightwing prime minister, the agreement was a "stunning, historic mistake."   "for the auto industry, this is a very important event and shows that cyber-security protection is needed even sooner than previously planned."   for the budget-constrained buyers among us, vizio has recently launched a new series of k tvs that are cheaper than any it's ever offered before: the d-series.   for the complete standard democrat obituary log in to our electronic edition.   for the final taiwanese touch, the pudding is coated in a sweet peanut powder.   for the first time, children’s emergency hostel will participate with music and dance.   for the first time in history, chronic noncommunicable diseases have overtaken infectious diseases as the leading cause of mortality worldwide.   for the first time in their lives, they've had to ask for help from children and neighbours.   for the first time since iran's government has splurged tens of thousands of euros (dollars) to rent a stand-alone pavilion on the glittering port of the french riviera town, a culture ministry official manning it told afp.   for the first time since , most americans are paying less than $ a gallon.   for the first time, sonos play: has three orientations.   for the first time this cycle, tuesday's prime-time republican debate in milwaukee will feature just eight candidates from the unusually large field.   for their female counterparts, the most common living arrangement was residing in a nursing home (. percent).   for their part, members of local communities like untavi historically made their living off fishing and other activities dependent on the body of water.   for the london production, which was in english, van hove had scheduled only a few days of rehearsal before the play’s first preview.   "for them, cuba was a place that had painful memories, but also obviously it was their homeland and they had love for it," rubio said.   "for them it's the start of the hard work, its well earned and i look forward to working with them.   for the next six weeks, pentagon officials declined to release the records, citing patient privacy concerns, according to the u.s. officials.   for the past four years, it has been on the state department’s tier watch list, and over the last seven has been ranked a tier human trafficking nation three times.   for the past seven years, he'd written countless reviews for les inrockuptibles, one of his most recent was a cd editorial for the eagles of death metal's new album zipper down, released last month.   for the past year, the site - owned by the federal government - has been occupied by an ever-changing group of protesters intent on stopping the construction of the planned prison.   "for the printer's final test in this phase of operations," says space station d printer program manager niki werkheiser, "nasa wanted to validate the process for printing on demand, which will be critical on longer journeys to mars."   for the record, i wasn't afraid for my life, and i wasn't worried for my safety.   for the record: starc bowled the first delivery with the pink ball in a test match, and guptill faced it.   "for the server market and the enterprise market, even though the growth rate year on year is about to percent, it is significantly more than the pc growth rate, which is negative.   for the side pole intrusion test, considered one of the most difficult to pass, the model s was the only car in the “good” category among the other top one percent of vehicles tested.   for this event, there was an open invitation and lots of notice, so people were expected to come from much farther afield than the local villages.   for this group, it really is looking for the next mountain to climb.”   for this quarter, faraday expects revenue to drop by percent to percent from last quarter’s nt$. billion, due to weakening demand for its application-specific integrated circuit design solutions, according to a statement.   for this week's great tweets from women, scroll through the list below.   for those customers concern is mounting for wednesday's decision.   for those reasons, cowen & company's david seaburg recommended holding on to google forever.   for those shoppers, the feeling was, "i really struggle with putting any of my dollars into hormel's pockets," said neil leinwand, applegate's senior vice president of marketing.   "for those suffering with prior histories of trauma, immigration detention can be deadly," hussan said.   for those who are wondering, yes – this is serious.   for those who want a higher resolution experience, universal recently released a th anniversary blu-ray set.   for those who want to stick with the iphone, they might want to consider buying one used from sites like glyde or gazelle.   for those with a strong inclination to look at the security dimension, they will obviously be applauding him.   for too long, greece has been unfairly singled out.   for too many -- particularly women -- sex is still bound up in shame, which makes it a powerful tool of political and social control.   for treats from early morning to evening, guests can indulge in gourmet coffee at beans café and taste a variety of flavours from scoops ice cream bar.   fortunately, as quintana, who had also pushed on the earlier col de la croix de fer, made his move, froome found support from teammates wouter poels and richie porte, who were able to pace him up the .km climb.   fortunately, a veterinarian is available to answer this distress call.   fortunately, doing all the shopping in a -day window typically results in the same loss of points as from one application.   fortunately for bieber, the blackhawks still come out looking worse: their name and logo still culturally misappropriates native americans, after all.   fortunately, it seems like some investors are heeding that advice.   fortunately, the new york attorney general is threatening action if a sale of the customer data occurs, but it goes to show who corporations believe customer data belongs to: not the customers.   “fortunately, the older chap was okay,” said defending scottish open champion rose after a second straight four-under-par round of gave him a share of the clubhouse lead on eight under par with ireland’s shane lowry.   for two months, i've largely avoided the consumption of any drugs or alcohol, increased my number of workouts, and done my best to optimize my quality of sleep.   for two painful weeks, the party had to watch as witness after witness replayed the worst days of harper’s nine-year stint in office.   forty-five digital songs will be offered initially, including the entire abbey road album, which will be embedded in the game files—meaning the songs can be listened to only when you're playing the game.   forty percent of americans view planned parenthood favorably, compared to percent who have an unfavorable opinion of the organization.   forty percent of homes that sold in february went for more than the asking price, according to online real estate broker redfin.   forty percent of that state’s high school students don’t graduate in four years, it said.   forty-six percent of parents with incomes less than $, and the same number of parents with incomes $, or higher say they are doing a very good job as parents.   forums and auction sites have provided an outlet for nostalgia on both sides of the atlantic.   for us, comments were always key to what we were writing.   forward draymond green recorded the franchise's first back-to-back triple-double in years with points, rebounds and assists.   forward mike scott came off the bench to score points, including a pair of three-pointers, and forward kent bazemore also connected twice from long range.   for years, drivers of pirate cabs in the sprawling slum of usme, on the southern outskirts of bogota, had no choice but to pay up.   for years, however, he was better known to the public as one of jackson's closest friends.   for years psychologists talked about two main types of people: extroverts and introverts.   for years, the carrot processing plant has been dumping its waste water into the habitant river, a tidal river that flows in and out of the bay of fundy.   for your friends hoping to change their look after college, a $. mustache grower’s guide book can come in handy, too.   for yum, a china turnaround is vital.   fostering achievement provided a wide range of art resources for amy, ranging from books on art and manga drawing to sketchbooks, paints, pencils and specialist pens.   foster said he is hopeful there will be renewed interest in protecting employees who work alone.   founded in and run by artist volunteers, the non-profit promoting "culturally-aware, underground media and experimental art" will stay put for another years at least.   founded in , theplatform is an independent subsidiary of comcast based in seattle, with offices in new york, washington dc, toronto, london, and sydney.   four almost simultaneous explosions hit police defending the malaab district in southern ramadi.   four craft beers were on tap for the opening and pool said each was brewed in-house.   four days earlier, the deal had secured enough votes in the senate to ensure the defeat of a congressional resolution of disapproval.   'four debates and only four debates -- we are told, not asked -- before voters in our earliest states make their decision,' the presidential candidate said at the democratic national committee (dnc) summer meeting on friday.   four for the number of women mayweather has been found guilty of beating.   four guards were killed and seven others were wounded, while three insurgents were also killed, ahmadi said.   four louisiana state university football players, including quarterback anthony jennings, were arrested in baton rouge on thursday.   "four megabits per second isn't adequate when a single hd video delivered to home or classroom requires mbps of capacity," fcc chairman tom wheeler said in a presentation last fall.   four men have been arrested on charges ranging from murder, to intimidation, to assault.   four of the justices — debra stephens, mary yu, charles johnson and mary fairhurst — all got $, contributions from the wea during the campaign.   four of them were injured and none was killed, it said.   four other defendants in the case were acquitted.   four out of americans haven't started saving for retirement, a blackrock study found in october.   "four run outs is just not good enough," mccullum said.   fourteen of the convicts whose sentences he commuted this week had been serving life in prison.   fourth time a charm in eu google antitrust row? .. despite three failed attempts against google, eu regulators aren't giving up.   four years later, she was suspended by the state's education ministry in kiel.   fouts is working with the city council to pass an ordinance to outlaw "the assembly, storage and use of flamethrowers" in warren, calling the devices "terrorist machines" and disasters waiting to happen.   fowler said that last putt would give him something to take into sunday’s final round after which he will fly home to the united states to begin his build-up to april’s u.s. masters.   fox, , previously spent nine seasons as the head coach of the carolina panthers, leading them to an nfc title in .   fox business : hillary clinton confidante testifies before benghazi panel fox business : bartiromo exclusive: metlife files to challenge ‘too big to fail’ status fox business : can sigma designs be a high-performance boost to your portfolio?   fox business : what attracts fans to comic conventions?   fox business : will the market plunge continue?   fox business : trump’s past comments racist?   fox business : panera’s menu changes good nutrition or good marketing?   fox business : fed rate hike coming soon?   fox news issued an apology for the statement shortly after it was made, with "hannity" guest host andrea tantaros saying, "a guest made a comment about lindsay lohan and her mother that we cannot verify.   fox news reported saturday that nbc was not conducting a formal internal investigation into williams and instead had launched a "journalistic fact-gathering" mission to better understand the situation.   "fox news sunday" — carson; rep. jim jordan, r-ohio.   fox plans to update the site this week with halloween-themed content to continue building buzz for the film’s nov. , release.   fox visited florida to attend the americas conference and deliver a speech to speak about issues such as immigration.   france agreed to pay reparations of five billion francs, gave germany the city of strasbourg and the fortifications of metz, and relinquished control of the province of alsace and the northern portion of lorraine, moselle.   ' france has stepped up its airstrikes following the paris attacks, relying in part on us intelligence to hit targets in raqqa, the islamic state group's stronghold in syria.   france has to look inward, which may be even more painful, and scrutinize the three "children of the republic" born and raised in its civilization.   france is going to rise to its best."   france is part of a us-led military coalition carrying out air strikes against is in iraq and syria, where the jihadist group has seized swathes of territory and declared an islamic "caliphate".   france is preparing a similar bill.   france meant something for her.   france secures lng from united states hours ago houston, aug. (upi) -- french energy company edf secured a deal for liquefied natural gas drawn from reserves in the united states, cheniere energy announced.   france's government in particular has pointed out that some of the attackers traveled to europe via greece along the refugee trail.   frances litman was a distant third in the riding of esquimalt–saanich–sooke as were other green candidates in vancouver island ridings.   france's national front has wooed many voters away from right and left.   francis also took the chance on his visit to the island to take a dig at communist ideology as well as worship of wealth.   francis also will meet migrants and refugees from mexico, peru, ecuador, honduras, india, pakistan and africa.   francis engaged in some self-promotion during his weekly blessing, alerting the thousands of people in st. peter's square that his first solo encyclical is coming out on thursday and inviting them to pay attention to environmental degradation around them.   francis fast-tracked serra's canonization by eliminating the need to show proof of two miracles.   “francis is a progressive and many black catholics think very highly of him.”   francis is likely to condemn religiously motivated violence and call for greater interfaith harmony.   francis' last stop will be in ciudad juarez, on the northern border across from el paso, texas, where he will visit the cereso prison, meeting and praying with some inmates, followed by a meeting with business leaders and workers.   francis thanked correa for his "consonance of thought."   francis will also travel to the eastern cuban city of santiago to pray at the sanctuary of cuba's patron saint and stop in the city of holguin en route, demonstrating once again his desire to visit the places that often get overlooked.   franklin morales (-) threw two pitches, retiring lawrie on a popout.   franklin reyes jr. was years old when he jumped a curb at west th street and amsterdam avenue in june , striking the toddler and her grandmother as they stood on the sidewalk.   "frankly, i think that's a side of it that maybe hasn't been aggressively used," he said, "and i believe that in this office, we can really channel that."   frank said he’s concerned about the governor, who he calls “an honorable man”, but frank also shared what he thinks kitzhaber has done wrong, and part of it has to do with what many journalists at the capitol experienced friday.   franz tuller, yanchep share your thoughts in seconds!   fraser and the association is going on a media offensive saying the arnbc is fighting for its right to exist as legal costs mount.   fraud watch network sponsored: beware: signs of a job scam published: aug , at : am pdt last updated: aug , at : am pdt you’re looking for a job; scammers are looking for their next victim.   fraud watch sponsored: beware: signs of a job scam published: aug , at : am pdt last updated: aug , at : am pdt you’re looking for a job; scammers are looking for their next victim.   frazier, who finished with a game-high points, hit a -pointer with seconds after a chaffee turnover to tie the game before giving the bluejays (-) just their second lead of the night with her free throws.   freddie ladapo picture: martin apps margate face another kent derby at dartford on monday (pm), followed by the return game with maidstone at the gallagher on saturday.   frederick (fred) tucker rss feed rss comments frederick (fred) tucker thursday, july . mr. frederick (fred) tucker, , of kinard, florida, passed away early wednesday morning, july , , in blountstown, florida.   fredericton comes alive," she said.   free, but tickets required.   freedom would allow phipps to get to know his son, who was born three months after phipps' arrest in the feb. , , shooting death of a fan at a concert in st. tammany parish.   freeman, also known as tanner wade perkes, admitted that in september he paid another man $ to drive him to edmonton to pick up the drugs.   freeman left weber state and football after one year.   freemuth said the association's documents could be enough to persuade the federal agency to decline a listing.   free our heroes!" spokesperson for the ukrainian foreign ministry mariana betsa wrote on twitter.   freeport cannot be credible as a logistics hub while it remains a secondary destination for passenger traffic.   free-swimming orcas have been spotted this season in southern california along with some humpback whales and the usual preponderance of a variety of dolphins playfully jumping in clusters.   freezing rain fell in many areas including regina, saskatoon, yorkton and estevan early saturday.   freiburg moved under them for the final automatic relegation spot, but stuttgart kept them in the relegation playoff.   french st seed richard gasquet defeated nick kyrgios -, -, - (/), - (/) in a controversial clash to avenge a second round loss to the temperamental australian in .   french defence minister jean-yves le drian has said belmokhtar, one of the world's most wanted men, was "likely" the brains behind the assault.   french journalist ursula gauthier, a reporter for the french news magazine l'obs, poses for a ph … the fallout began with gauthier's nov. article, shortly after the attacks in paris.   french police reported hundreds of these "incursions" every night last week, with a high of , last monday.   french president francois hollande agreed the talks with greece needed to be "accelerated", adding: "we all have the same stance which is that greece must stay in the euro zone."   french president francois hollande gave a moving speech on wednesday during a press conference in the picturesque alpine village of seyne-les-alpes in southern france.   french president francois hollande, speaking thursday to reporters in western france, said if the allegations are proven true, the sanctions against the soldiers should be "very serious" and "set an example."   french prosecutors suspect papa diack of playing an active role in an alleged "system of corruption" that sought to blackmail athletes, with demands of money to hush-up suspected doping.   french stocks, particularly those exposed to the country's large tourism sector, are likely to suffer the biggest falls.   frequent teatro attendees will easily recognize him and wonder why he isn't performing more frequently.   frida ghitis is a world affairs columnist for the miami herald and world politics review.   friday, feb. : breakfast, - a.m., blueberry pancakes, bacon, eggs, fruit.   friday, january , classifieds shopping woman finds python in her bathroom posted on thu, jan , she walked in on the snake during a nighttime bathroom break.   friday night, he encountered the opposite.   friday's attacks saw people murdered in the french capital after gunmen stormed the bataclan theatre, as well as attacking the la belle equipe and le carillon bars, the petite cambodge restaurant and the stade de france.   friday's decision is a landmark decision.   friday's funding appeal will cover aid, including food, water and shelter, to . million of the most vulnerable people in need through the end of the year.   friday's high is expected to be c, while saturday and sunday will reach c and c, respectively.   friday’s sell-off came despite a percent gain by amazon — which surprised with a modest profit in the second quarter and became larger by market capitalization than the country’s largest traditional retailer, walmart.   friedman called the circumstances of mattingly's departure "a little bit of an unusual situation.   friedman found that five of the nine respondents who were blind since birth or early childhood reported that they did not think at all about a person's appearance.   friends had reported him and another athlete, graham hunt, missing late saturday.   fri, may , - page prince harry is the unwitting focus of hit french comedy prince harry, right, meets members of the public during a visit to the sydney opera house in australia yesterday.   fri, may , - page art replaces ads on tehran billboards a man checks his phone in front of a billboard showing a painting by italian canaletto in tehran, iran, on sunday.   frimpong said that he heard monkey chants during the match.   froggatt said that because european energy markets differ considerably, british strategies are not necessarily applicable in other countries.   from to , the price of attending a public four-year institution went up in inflation-adjusted dollars at an annual rate of %, increasing to % from to —and, for the most recent decade, nearing %.   from analysis, the scientists concluded that louise de quengo died from an infection.   from an eight-fold increase in us visitors to vietnam, to a -fold rise in the number of vietnamese students studying in the us, the former enemies have come a long way in years, he said.   froman said some issues were bilateral in nature, and some will involve groups.   "from a testicular biopsy, it will be possible to obtain spermatozoa that will be cryopreserved until the man wishes to father a child," read their statement.   from a valuation standpoint, the nasdaq isn't anywhere near where it was in .   from beth (with her partner ian): "we had such a great time at this event.   from civilian pilots and a growing number of civilian air-traffic controllers, an opposite perspective about self-indulgence and entitlement on the military side.   from dec. -, anglers on bogachiel kept steelhead and released ; on calawah kept and released five; on sol duc kept five and released six; and on hoh caught no fish.   from front: barry kennon, michael goforth, jack nelson and matt moses make their way down the french broad river in north carolina.   from healthcare to finance to education and law, our constituents represent every major industry and occupation, at all career levels.   from january , to april , , the superintendent took enforcement measures to stop unregistered private career colleges from operating.   “from january to june, more than , individuals suffered dog bite injuries in bali, the highest among other regions in the country,” chuang said.   from japan to germany to australia, government borrowing costs fell to all-time lows as oil fell percent in just two days - brent crude broke below the psychological $ barrier - as investors wrestled with the risk of global deflation.   from london to berlin, lisbon to warsaw, our governments qualify support for our scientists by demanding private sector results, stifling necessary theoretical science that is needed for innovation to continue.   from microfinance to mobile communications in emerging countries; from ehealthcare to mobile banking; from smart cities to government services delivered over the web -- all these components will play a role.   from monday, account holders will have slightly more flexible withdrawal limits, allowing a maximum of euros a week in place of the strict limit of euros a day imposed when the banks closed.   from monday, they will cost p if purchased from a store employing more than people.   from oklahoma to the middle east mackey had an oklahoma twang, the slightly nasal kind that she was proud of, but that belied her worldly understanding.   from stan's barber shop on mayor avenue in rabbittown to harris' barber shop on casey street, the neighbourhood barbershop in st john's is still very much alive.   "from the beginning, hhsc has indicated that they are following the guidelines of rider in the appropriations bill, and must achieve the total savings set out by that directive.   "from the beginning, i dreamed of being godard, fellini, truffaut or resnais.   from the collection of bob bragman photo: bob bragman buy this photo image of buy photo panama-pacific international exposition family album photo, ca .   from the foundation year group to our -year-olds the all loved it.   "from the hmeimim air base, the crews of su-, su-m and su-sm warplanes carried out sorties against targets of the islamic state's terrorist infrastructure in aleppo, idlib, latakia, hama and deir ezzor," said a ministry spokesman.   from the king of the literary world, thomas king to the new kid on the writing block -- waubgeshig rice, we'll hear from some of canada's best known indigenous authors.   from the left, members (or former members) of the adjunct class, the great exploited mass of today's academia, are saying that, if tenure doesn't do anything for them, they have no loyalty to it.   from the moment training camp began, the ceiling for the o-line was serviceable, and through the first half of the season, it fell short of that standard.   "from the neck down my body responds just fine, but from the head up, well, for years people have been telling women it's all in our head and i guess it turns out for some women it really is."   from then on it was more likely that christian or western powers would dominate the muslim world than the other way around.”   from there, the case goes to federal court, and a judge makes a threshold determination: is there probable cause that the offense charged is extraditable, and that it satisfies the requirement of "dual criminality"?   from there, the trio again set out for taiwan to pick up two other chinese citizens who had been staying in taiwan with expired visas, it said.   from the same medical practice that brought you insights of how selfies are increasing the demand of plastic surgery, they've gone a step further thanks to the advancement of technology, and uh society.   from the sounds of it, this would take the drudgery out of getting a competition off the ground.   from the start, an associated press examination found, opic's support for the power project in this western african country was marked by questionable due diligence and deep political links.   from the track to the road the adage "racing improves the breed" was never truer for motor vehicles.   from this point, it will climb to be nearly overhead by the end of january .   from today through sunday, the high temperature in northern and northeastern regions would slightly slide because of northeast winds, with isolated showers forecast for the east coast, as well as mountainous areas in northern, central and southern taiwan.   "from what i'm aware of, they were only together when my sister and i were present," said jenkins.   "from what we've heard, the people who live in those cities haven't had any dramatically negative consequences," he said.   from when i was eight i would go to school, then play football with my friends, go home, do some homework, do some chess stuff, and still i would find time to hang with my friends.   frontman brandon flowers will perform at wrigley's captain morgan's club before the game and sing the th inning stretch.   front-side silver photovoltaic paste is to contribute more than percent of the company’s overall revenue this quarter from percent last quarter, he said.   froome was in command from the first few stages and never looked under pressure until the last two mountain stages when slight chinks appeared in his armor and quintana’s belated attack finally found its venom.   fruttare fruit bars are now available at grocery stores nationwide.   ftn: behind the scenes tweets from @facethenation/team for your android phone and tablet, download the free redesigned app, featuring cbsn, live / news.   full episodes of nightly news watch full episodes of nbc's nightly news.   fuller said he didn't have a hammock to rest in, but only a climbing harness and a less-than-stable piece of wood jammed into the anchor chain.   full length exclusive concerts from hot artists.   full-resolution prores dailies were produced on set using an outpost mobile post system and the colorfront express dailies system.   funding fears remain deputy chairperson of the greens' parliamentary group, bärbel höhn, criticized the draft bill on wednesday, however.   funding for the homeland security department expires at the end of february, so republicans have until then to resolve the issue.   “funds are going to flow into the u.s. and that will put upward pressure on our exchange rate,” added robert eisenbeis, chief monetary economist at cumberland advisors in sarasota, florida and a former atlanta fed research director.   funeral services will be held tuesday january , at : pm (cst) at peavy funeral home chapel with dale folsom officiating.   furey says following suit in nova scotia would free up money for other priorities including health care and education.   furious ivory coast coach herve renard, who led zambia to the title in , kicked water bottles on the touchline and angrily reprimanded his players as they struggled to create chances against dogged opponents.   furious residents point the finger at students from christ church university.   furlong's lawyer suggested the piece was intended to be about systemic racism.   further, counting calories, obsessing about your body fat, and reading diet books, is likely taking time away from more meaningful pursuits.   further, executives at several leading shale producers have indicated in communications with investors that they will bring rigs back into action again if wti stabilizes around $ a barrel.   further, germany and japan had had neighbors of a decidedly different nature, kishida added, without expatiating.   further he adds that the inability to discover mann's body was an exception, and a regrettable one that ecs hopes never to repeat.   further, he said the law does not allow a spouse to seek that money from a third party.   further international commitments were made at the un commission on the status of women in and the inaugural girl summit in .   furthermore, an independent auditor will monitor the company's recall process for three years.   furthermore, discussions are ongoing with the international coordinating group to release oral cholera vaccine from the global stock.   furthermore, europeans are generally more used to warmer room temperatures because most of them grew up without any air-conditioning.   "furthermore," he added, "the nbra deplores the personal and unprofessional comments made by chris paul.   furthermore, he has been honored for lifetime service by the national association of forensic counselors in .   furthermore, various international organizations have reported a sharp decline in macedonia's democratic standards and the freedom of the press over the past eight years.   further, the report states that one of the major challenges broadcasters face is the shift in consumer preference toward online and digital media.   further west, houthi fighters entered a coastal military base overlooking the red sea's strategic bab el-mandeb strait, local officials said, when soldiers of the th armoured division opened the gates to the facility.   fuses were also removed to prevent the smoke detector from working, day testified.   future events will focus on vermouths, amaros, and more.   future locations include st. louis, mo and paris, france.   future of life institute futurist ray kurzweil predicted in a book that a model of human intelligence would be achieved as soon as the mid s.   futures in new york advanced as much as . percent.   futures trimmed losses to trade mixed after the data.   gabe jackson paced dexter with points.   gabriel magliaro's path to owning one of the city's most successful breweries started in art school—and now his career is bringing him back there.   gains in the index have come in its biggest computer and software companies.   galante was fired by the library's board of trustees last december.   galapagos said it had no advance clues of abbvie's decision.   galarza denied foul play, but citing upheld by chris quinlan of england.   galleries army scientists build smaller, tougher, cheaper solar cells army researchers at the redstone arsenal have announced a significant breakthrough in solar energy production.   galleries faa: don't pack lithium batteries in your checked bag if you've been packing extra lithium batteries in your checked bag before a flight, you might want to avoid doing so in the future.   galleries hackers are attacking us gas stations in another instance, hackers named a gaspot "hckd by idc-team," the same message iranian dark coders team members use when they crack websites.   galleries india accuses google of gaming search results in europe, google stands accused of favoring its own products and services when providing search results to users.   galleries isp wins -year battle to reveal warrantless fbi spying a us district court has struck down an -year-old gag order imposed by the fbi on nicolas merrill, the former head of a small internet service provider.   galleries lumo's running shorts fix your form to avoid injury as you run, the companion app will push detailed stats to your smartphone including how long your feet are touching the ground, your braking and bounce.   galleries nasa takes to the sea to test new space tools what's the best way to simulate the conditions of outer space here on earth?   galleries skin patch turns friction into electricity to power wearables the group presented their findings at the ieee mems conference last week, as well as demonstrated how much electricity the device can produce.   galleries sony confirms official ps remote play app for windows and mac well that was quick.   galleries steam's answer to twitch game streaming is now live valve is now letting its millions of steam users stream their games to the world.   galleries wileyfox's storm is as chic as £ smartphones come new smartphone brand wileyfox arrived on the scene brandishing the swift, a midish-range device with an agreeable £ price tag.   gallery (west) opens an art show inspired by mattel toys.   galloway: and did you say she’s a princess from ghana?   galloway: and he is an extraordinary man.   galloway: you did these amazing films in the s, just extraordinary films, and what’s been great for me is getting to see them again.   game developer and publisher ubisoft has announced that it will be building a ,-square-metre (,-square-foot) theme park based on some of its most popular game franchises in the city of kuala lumpur, malaysia.   ganim also appointed state rep. charles stallworth, who also is pastor of the east end tabernacle, as another senior adviser and as director of community outreach and diversity.   gannon reported from timmins, canada.   gannon said on the social networking site: "thanks for all your support.   gap funding can eliminate that risk should a project creator choose to go the kickstarter route.   gap made waves with its advertisement that showed two men -- actor rory o'malley and his boyfriend -- both inside a t-shirt.   gaps also remain on how to insure nuclear inspectors' access to sensitive sites in iran, and how and when tehran will be allowed to resume advanced nuclear research.   garcia is being held on probable cause for counts of complicity to st degree assault and counts of complicity to drive-by shooting.   garcia kept the rally going with an rbi knock to left that plated jay.   gardner thought she was next.   gardner would often hike steep trails to get a bird's eye view of coastal landscapes and waterfalls — even catching a beautiful perspective of route between saint john and fredericton.   gareth morgans, gmb regional organiser for wales, said: "it's absolutely a slap in the face.   garmon, who has taken hours of class every semester, said she’s maintained a . grade point average in addition to being president of the business organization phi beta lambda.   garner, described as mildly mentally impaired, and ladd both worked at a tyler mental health rehabilitation center.   garner lost consciousness and was pronounced dead later at a hospital.   gary bradshaw of grenfell campus says almost everything about the pool needs repairs, from its deck to its structural base to its filtration system.   gary hart's townhouse in and caught him in an extramarital affair.   gasol sheepishly smiled through all of the attention.   gasol was then blocked in the final second.   gas prices are down from $. a year ago, according to gasbuddy.   gates and clinton voiced their support for legislation that would increase funding for global health and outlined what they believe could be cost-effective ways to fight hiv/aids and poverty around the world.   gates is active on that internet, but has not responded to trump's plea for help via twitter or facebook.   @gatesscholar hi daniel, glad to hear that!   gates uses stronger language.   gatineau city council voted tuesday night to rename philipp lenard street after albert einstein and alexis-carrel street after marie curie.   gatineau city officials told cbc news the bar's owner never asked permission to build around the hydrant.   gatton says the buildings don't provide the necessary separation between siu and the community.   gavin hewitt blog bbc europe editor on the big arguments raging over eu’s future news, features and analysis from across the eu lse europpblog blogactiv (eu blogs) bloggingportal.eu try our new site and tell us what you think.   gay marriage: as archbishop of buenos aires before becoming pope, he opposed efforts to legalize same-sex marriage and proposed, unsuccessfully, that the country approve civil unions instead.   “gay voters have been deceived by politicians for too long, so we hope all presidential and legislative candidates can show sincerity and stop throwing curveballs to voters,” social democratic party (sdp) candidate miao bo-ya (苗博雅) said.   gcdc will play italian films and pop music in the background.   gcses are taken by all secondary school pupils, after which they are free to enter the workplace or continue for another two years before taking a-levels.   gdansk author pawel huelle stressed "few people did as much for german-polish reconciliation" as günter grass, who was "an outstanding ambassador for polish interests."   ge capital, initially a small consumer-finance business set up early in the last century, muddled along for decades as an orphan at an industrial giant.   "geeta has just landed in delhi," vikas swarup, a spokesman for india's ministry of external affairs, told cnn on monday.   ge has agreed to set up a manufacturing plant in the marhowra district in the indian state of bihar along with maintenance sheds in punjab and gujarat.   geilenfeld testified that he'd been dogged in haiti by false abuse accusations because he was a gay man in an island nation that he described as homophobic.   geisel's widow, audrey geisel, found the manuscript and illustrations in their california home soon after her husband died in .   geisha experience in hokkaido photos gaeisha aesthetics – "the geisha world is aesthetically very beautiful and with a very beautiful lifestyle," graham says.   "geishas in kyoto were once daughters of samurai warriors," said kikumaru.   gemal, a -year old eritrean who fled his country in and passed through sudan and israel before ending up here, says in basic english that he "slept very well" and appreciated the food and shelter.   gender neutral is part of toca boca's brand strategy, says bjorn.   general admission tickets for the grandstand down the left field line and seating in the grow financial "home run hill" will cost $ per ticket.   general canby day starts with a pancake breakfast at a.m., and ends with the fireworks display at . there's no admission fee for the firewortks display, but parking at the trost school field is limited.   generally, it would be an exaggeration to assume that china has become less free over the last year compared to the year before.   “generally we were expecting more layoffs,” desai said.   general manager for rwb, ray valentino, endorsed the partnership and expressed optimism about its success in the future.   general mills, which picked up green giant in its merger with pillsbury, agreed thursday to sell the business to b&g foods for $ million in cash.   general motors co has said its ceo, mary barra, would make about $. million for .   general: preparatory features paving the way for the introduction of new game + in the future.   gen. gordon granger of the union army announced to the assembled crowd at ashton villa in galveston, texas, "in accordance with a proclamation from the executive of the united states, all slaves are free."   gen. p.g.t. beauregard was born in st. bernard parish, and commanded confederate forces in the war's first battle.   gensler, his coterie, and members of the enforcement division gathered on scuffed-up sofas and chairs in the waiting area outside his office—the only meeting place with a working cd player—to listen.   gentle ben's big putt: ben crenshaw is playing the masters for the last time this year.   gen. was a good match, but they had a lot of injuries," lowe said of the meet.   gen y has new rituals.   geoff dickson, ceo of the victoria airport authority, told the times colonist that someone called airport security and made a threat against the flight.   geographic and strategic factors putin's successful (albeit costly) assimilation of crimea into the russian federation was meticulously calculated and occurred as a result of a unique combination of favorable conditions.   "george galloway should accept he was booted out by the people of bradford west.   george lucas' "star wars" opened in theaters, introducing the world to characters such as luke skywalker, chewbacca, rd and, of course, darth vader.   george morgan, a finance professor at the university of nebraska at omaha and a former investment adviser, said buffett's field of possible investments is limited because of the size he is looking for today.   george orwell reminded us that “he who controls the past controls the future.”   @george this isn't a lawsuit.   george w. bush posted a % approval rating in april , buffeted by the war in iraq despite mostly positive reviews of the economy.   geosat also displayed the larger sky arrow fixed-wing drone designed for mapping and surveying expansive areas.   gerber's strategy was to network and gain support from other 'sex reform' leaders, including margaret sanger, the american birth-control advocate, but nobody seemed interested.   german april unemployment falls to -year low in april, german unemployment hit its lowest level for the month since as accelerating economic activity boosted hiring in europe's largest economy.   german basketball legend dirk nowitzki reached a career milestone in the dallas mavericks' - win over san antonio spurs on tuesday night.   german chancellor andrea merkel is apprehensive about losing votes to the right-wing, anti-eu alternate party for germany.   german chancellor angela merkel arrives for an informal dinner at the start of the fourth european u … "we believe the circumstances are ripe.   german chancellor angela merkel echoed obama, saying "our free life is stronger than terror."   german chancellor angela merkel has stopped negotiations until after the referendum.   german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble agreed, telling the daily bild paper that future negotiations between greece and its creditors will be "very difficult" because the country's economic situation has worsened dramatically in recent weeks.   german gabriel zuchtreigel, a -year-old archeologist, will oversee the paestum archaeological site near the city.   german medical workers rally against reform proposal thousands of doctors and nurses took to the streets of berlin and other german cities in protest of the government's new reform bid.   german money underwrote france's political leadership.   german officials have forecast that , people would apply for asylum in the country this year, with speculation circulating through the german media that the number of refugees could reach . million by december.   german trade show in georgia showcases burgeoning business .. georgia is a guest at the eu summit in riga that opens on thursday.   german veteran alex cejka, still seeking his first uspga tour victory, birdied three of his last five holes to grab a one-shot lead after the second round of the puerto rico open on friday.   germany alone is expecting , refugees in - mostly from syria.   germany and austria aren’t very high up the league table of gay rights, with an eastern country like croatia doing better.”   germany-based commerzbank said that output would remain high in the short term but u.s. oil rigs would continue to dwindle in the coming weeks, eventually supporting prices.   germany contributes about a third of awacs crews.   germany earmarks extra funds for un refugee efforts .. the german parliament's budgetary committee has earmarked an extra million euros for refugee camps run by the un in and near syria.   germany expects to take in , refugees this year.   germany has pledged further assistance to ukrainian president petro poroshenko, in return for more reforms.   germany has recently opened its borders to a flood of migrants pouring into europe from syria, iraq and other crisis regions.   germany has seen an unprecedented , people fleeing war, poverty and persecution arrive this year.   germany is a role model in recent weeks, german politicians have been given the chance to revive the humanitarian heritage of europe: the refugee crisis is also a crisis of the european union.   germany-netherlands friendly to go ahead german football authorities have decided that the national team will play a friendly as planned against the netherlands on tuesday.   germany passes japan to have world's lowest birth rate - study a study says germany's birth rate has slumped to the lowest in the world, prompting fears labour market shortages will damage the economy.   germany ran a generous version of "cash for clunkers," pushing sales up more than % in some months.   germany’s dax finished with a gain of . percent, while france’s cac picked up . percent.   germany's federal court of justice said that hearings in a frankfurt court that ended last year indicated that the former mayor had actively participated in the killings, and ruled that the case be sent back to frankfurt.   germany's government calls out 'insufferable' pegida .. important political figures from the german cabinet to the eu parliament have criticized anti-islam group pegida for hate-mongering.   germany's labor market is in robust health, and its powerful unions are beginning to win big pay rises again.   germany's opposition left party accused chancellor angela merkel's government on wednesday of "lying" for years that the nsa had selectively accessed data gathered by germany's bnd foreign intelligence service despite privacy laws.   germany's social housing system saw property owners in the s being given a state subsidy to build new apartments and subsidize rents for a certain number of years to ensure they were affordable.   germany to be hit by vattenfall's coal-ateral damage swedish energy group vattenfall has reported a steep drop in quarterly profits and announced job cuts.   germany whipped the ivory coast - after norway thrashed thailand - in the opening round of group b matches at the lansdowne stadium in ottawa.   germick said the chapter members meet with pgc foresters to identify stands of red maple that would be suitable for a browse cut.   gerrard was substituted by liverpool manager brendan rodgers shortly before full-time and received a standing ovation from right around stamford bridge.   gerri willis joined fox business network (fbn) in march of .   get ' things you need to know today' in your inbox each morning.   get a free weekly update via email here.   get a poppy and make a donation," anderson said.   get in touch and let us know your thoughts about it or any other stories of the day.   get married it's cool, it's legal.   get ready for a fun series.   get some rest as you jet off to an exciting international cycling locale.   get the app ╳ the dish: chef jacques pepin shares recipes from h..   get the free daily newsletter and real-time news alerts from the el cerrito patch.   get the latest news on the markets from cnbc that suggests that for all of the preparation the fed has done to signal to markets to be ready, they are not positioned for a move now.   get the lid straight to your inbox each afternoon — click here to sign up.   get the person a present, or a card.   get the tastiest food news, restaurant openings and more every friday with the gothamist weekly digest.   getting a four-year degree is "by far" the best path to a reliable middle-class career, and is the single best predictor of a state's per-capita income, glazer said.   "getting a scholarship means a lot to me because i really worked hard for it and i know that it will encourage me to maintain my grades," he said.   getting in touch with him?   getting more out of augusta national's four par-fives, the traditional hunting grounds for birdies and eagles, is a priority for the irishman.   getting people the opportunity to see those wages rise, to be on the side of the american workers so they can get good paying jobs, and that means we have to start making things in america again.   getting the most dollars is great, but time is absolutely the most valuable resource we possess.   getting the whole row to yourself – you board the plane for your long-haul flight, cram into the middle seat and pray your yet-to-arrive seatmates aren't going to smell, talk to you, get wasted, hog the arm rest, have weak bladders.   getting to go and compete in kentucky is just a gift.   get to it, 'scopers.   getty/worldpost illustration much to the chagrin of nato, gulf countries and others, russia this week ramped up its military campaign in syria, in what has become a war with global implications.   get used to it."   get your free ticket or purchase an early-access pass here.   gfk provides internet access to participants who don't already have it.   ghosh contributed this article to live science's expert voices: op-ed & insights.   'ghostbusters' budget cut the canadian variety show was best known for songs like "skinnamarink" and "peanut butter."   giancoli recommended going for a kid's size.   giannis antetokounmpo had points and rebounds, and ersan ilyasova added points and boards, but both fouled out in the third overtime.   giant squid can grow to as long as feet and are usually only found in deep waters and therefore very rarely seen in the wild.   gibbs said there was "significant damage" to the car's undercarriage.   gibson memorial united methodist church held a fellowship lunch after the service on sunday.   gifford, a -year-old boston native, wrote on twitter: " yrs ago the site of st legal gay unions in the world.   gifts have long ceased to be essential items, people rather buy things that nobody really needs, just for fun.   gilad erdan, israel's internal security minister, defended the law as a way to prevent palestinians jailed for security offences from using hunger strikes to pressure israeli authorities to release them.   gilliam plays father gabriel on a drama that portrays survivors of a zombie apocalypse battling infected "walkers" and each other.   "gillian conoley's most recent collection, peace, with omnidawn press, was an academy of american poets standout book for and a finalist for the los angeles times book award.   gill says he hears about christians moving away from their homes in pakistan “every few weeks.”   gills interviewed candidates before selecting edinburgh from a shortlist of three.   girl scout makes compelling cookie pitch jesus yanez-reyes/ktar yandy.   gissendaner is scheduled to be put to death on tuesday night for plotting her husband's murder.   giulio busi, more soberly, believes that “pico’s death is destined to remain shrouded in mystery”.   given enduring religious and territorial conflict in the middle east and the escalating terrorist threat in that region and in africa and russia’s moves in ukraine, it may develop that issues with north korea prove to be less enduring and resolvable.   given that he ran a multibillion-dollar charitable foundation that received foreign donations while she represented the u.s. abroad, even their correspondence could be of interest to researchers, journalists and political opponents.   given that the act governing food safety and sanitation (食品安全衛生管理法) stipulates fines ranging from nt$, to nt$ million (us$, to us$. million) for transgressions, food safety whistle-blowers could receive up to nt$ million in rewards.   given the girl's young age and the high risk for heart failure if the disease is untreated, edwards decided to treat her with anti-parasitic drugs.   given the overwhelming majority of aldermen who vote in lockstep with emanuel, it's hard to see any major opposition to his ordinance happening.   given the variety of vendors making android smartphones, i am surprised that samsung seems to be the only major player using a physical home button.   given those facts, it's a little hard to see what the candidates can say they want to do, other than: "the same thing as barack obama, but, you know, more."   give yourself the relaxation piece of your choosing.   giving evidence to the court from prison via a tv link, the inmate said he could not see any blood and described mr flynn as looking peaceful.   giving homeless animals a second chance.   gjh open house september jr. high open house -- tre and bond election info jr.   "gladly where it ran, there was nobody there."   glamping is bringing in a new demographic of people to the parks, such as "people who think camping is really intimidating."   glanz, , is due in court nine days after his retirement becomes official to face two misdemeanor counts from a grand jury investigation of the agency after reserve deputy robert bates fatally shot -year-old eric harris during an april sting operation.   glasses-free d the best gift for consumers since avatar was released in , the d industry has garnered unprecedented attention, sparked the viewer's imagination and begun to enter everyone's lives.   glass shatters, earthenware crumbles; porcelain is otherworldly in its beauty and strength.   glavine and knox discussed additional changes coming to shelburne: glavine hears from concerned residents prior to the meeting, glavine met with the large crowd of residents outside of the town hall.   glen swarts played this movement with fine panache.   glimpses and snapshots that exist only as unfinished stories.   gliniewicz initially declined a dispatcher's offer to send more officers, then accepted an offer for a second unit to be sent when the dispatcher asked again, filenko said.   globally, national geographic channel is available in more than million homes in countries and languages.   globally, since september , who has been notified of , laboratory-confirmed cases of infection with mers-cov, including at least related deaths.   globally, they not only earn less — they own less and are far less likely to have access to financial services and other resources that would boost productivity.   globally, transgender sex workers are times more likely to be infected with hiv than other adults, and nine times more vulnerable to the virus than female sex workers.   global shuffle ab inbev is already leader in the united states, brazil and mexico, three of the top four markets in terms of profits.   global warming matters too much to give up hope.   globo tv doubled its usual audience with the late-night bout.   glossip is the second of six inmates scheduled to be put to death in the united states this week and next week, a rare spate of executions.   gm has used "born free" to promote its chevy brand.   go after your dreams and goals relentlessly, write them down and check them off after you've accomplished them.   goalkeeper woodrow west made a fine save to deny cyle larin's header but the ball deflected back towards the goal line.   goaltender corey crawford stopped all shots he faced to collect his third shutout of the season and the th of his career.   goat tying will start at :, barrel exhibitions at : with barrel race starting at :.   god, he says, is on your side if you dedicate yourself to him.   "god is great," benton told reporters outside the courthouse, according to the des moines register.   god is peace, 'salam,'" the pope said, using the arabic word for peace.   goforth's body was found in a dumpster in regina's industrial area a few months before the charges were laid.   goggin thinks his client's memories may returns as he recovers from a concussion.   going forward, the united states should do so by focusing on three key areas: first, we must subject the implementation of the jcpoa to the strongest oversight possible.   "going into the fourth day i think we probably had a slight advantage, certainly with bangladesh having to bat on the last day," south africa captain hashim amla said.   going over the cliff did not happen suddenly though, it happened as a result of a series of steps that cover most of the post-cold war period.   "going over-the-top means showtime will be much more accessible to tens of millions of potential new subscribers," said cbs president and ceo leslie moonves, in a printed statement.   going public with depression updated : pm edt, tue august , the more people share their experiences with depression, the more others suffering from the condition realize they're not alone, says kat kinsman.   going to k is just silly.   goldberg: what do you mean?   golden state’s stephen curry made his own late surge to pass lebron james as the overall leading vote-getter, the league announced thursday.   gold futures for february delivery settled down $. at $,. an ounce.   gold initially rose after the greek vote, but gains fizzed out due to the dollar's relative strength.   goldman sachs cut its year-end forecast for the s&p by percent to , on tuesday, citing a combination of the slower pace of economic activity in china and the u.s. and the fall in oil prices.   goldman sachs did not provide details on when lending would start and declined an interview request from cnnmoney.   goldman sachs (gs) executive michael sherwood says european banks would leave london "in very short order" if britain voted to walk away.   gold prices turned higher, rising .% to $, a troy ounce.   goldsmith makes a substantial part of his living from readings, and over the summer he was concerned that fewer places would hire him.   golf does have a bright future we're having some problems displaying the comments at the moment.   gone is the massive oblong dome designed by architect zaha hadid, dismissed by the government last july as public opposition rose to its high cost and visual impact on the surrounding neighborhood.   gonzalez noted it was tourist high season in central america so available plane seats for the operation were scarce, and the cubans themselves would have to bear the cost.   gonzalez was ultimately tackled by an off-duty secret service officer who was coincidentally walking through the premises.   goodale says a number of ways to supplement incomes are being explored, including the one currently being offered to canadian seniors.   good day to you mr. easton.   good defense and good organization.   "good examples are our health efforts: life sciences (that works on the glucose-sensing contact lens), and calico (focused on longevity).   good friday agreements/northern ireland assembly: april , - agreements signed to create a -member assembly in which both catholic and protestant political representatives sit together in government.   "good morning america" host lara spencer tweeted an apology after she was skewered for a segment last year.   goodness knows how i’m going to do it, because i’m approaching — unfortunately, from the wrong direction.   good weather forecasts and well-informed, proactive emergency preparation and management save lives and property.   google adds $bn to market value as shares hit new high google shares soared to an all-time on friday with the tech giant adding about $bn to its market value.   google chrome frame is an add-on to ie that essentially runs a fast, standards-compliant browser inside a slow, buggy one.   google did not immediately respond to a request for comment.   google first introduced the chromecast about two years ago and has since sold more than million of the devices globally, said mario queiroz, google's vice president of product management.   google is about taking risks and there's nothing about adjusting glass that suggests we're ending it."   google is aiming to create a ring of "uninterrupted connectivity" around a certain latitude of the southern hemisphere.   google last june introduced a program called adsense for mobile in a bid to land display ads on mobile phones, akin to its adsense program, which places ads on conventional web sites.   google maps: block alpine lane, coquitlam, b.c. report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   google plus image: jack wallen it's that time of year, ladies and gents, when the pundits and predictors cast their d to chance a guess at what's in store for various and sundry sectors of nearly every market on the planet.   google told me that it will eventually offer a simple web interface for setting up the onhub, but at launch, a smartphone or tablet is required.   google, which reported fourth quarter earnings last month, will roll out the effort in a pilot and then expand.   goo goo dolls lead vocalist john rzeznik performs at confederation hill music festival in st. john's.   gop candidate cruz apologizes for joe biden joke on eve of son's funeral "the next party you’re at, just walk up to someone and say, 'vice president joe biden,' and just close your mouth.   gop debate: a night of high stakes in vegas in contrast to bernie sanders, clinton showed more hawkish foreign policy views than president barack obama.   gop governors and lawmakers were quick to announce they wouldn't allow syrian refugees into their states and are appealing for stronger control of u.s. borders.   gop leaders, on the other hand, are motivated chiefly by a desire to avoid a repeat of the closure, which hurt the party politically.   gop leaders say that is a misguided approach that will simply embolden the jihadist terrorists to persist in their rampage and killing across a major swath of iraq and civil war-torn syria in a drive to establish a new islamic caliphate.   gopnik with his father and sisters in in the long struggle with time, the family is the only clock we have to follow our own passage within it, and occasionally to stop it.   gopro's (gpro, tech)fall from grace has been stunning.   gorbachev: nato's eastward expansion has destroyed the european security architecture as it was defined in the helsinki final act in .   gordon had lived with houston and her daughter since he was years old.   gosquared cto geoff wagstaff said that being able to spin servers, storage and databases up and down on demand had enabled it to experiment with different distributed databases and search technologies before committing to an architecture.   got a great soccer photo?   gothamist has bore witness to all sorts of crimes against decency on our beloved subway system.   go to settings > battery and you’ll see some great details under battery usage.   goto's mother, junko ishido, said he wanted to help create a world without wars.   goto's wife said she had avoided public comment earlier to try to protect her daughters, an infant and a -year-old, from media attention.   got photos of your own culinary journeys to share?   gotti's former son-in-law pleads not guilty; prosecutors fear obstruction, flight a judge again denied the prosecution's request to set carmine "the bull" agnello's bond at $ million.   gou emphasised that in addition to chinese brands, foxconn is aiming to cooperate with local companies such as micromax informatics, which ranks second to samsung electronics as india's largest smartphone maker.   governing body fia wants applications by june , and candidates must meet technical and safety requirements to be considered.   government administrator ram raja subedi said at least police officers were injured in the clashes with hundreds of ethnic madhesi protesters sunday in gaur, a town about kilometers ( miles) south of kathmandu, nepal's capital.   government dysfunction is one of the issues fueling protesters' anger with perez, who on tuesday became the first president in guatemalan history to be stripped of his immunity by congress.   government officials and private sector representatives have formed a working group to set guidelines to foster research and development activities as well as the creation of related businesses.   governor rauner had planned this closure and employee layoffs for months to save state money.   governors across the us have threatened to stop accepting syrian refugees, although immigration experts say that, under the refugee act of , governors cannot legally block refugees from settling in their communities.   gov inslee supports bill to remove philosophical reason for parents to not vaccinate by carol zinke published: feb , at : am pst last updated: feb , at : am pst »play video governor inslee wants to improve vaccination rates.   gov. jay inslee, who has joined ferguson and lawmakers from both parties in asking kelley to resign, made that request in a letter monday.   gov. nikki haley and a number of other state leaders have called for the removal of the flag following the shooting deaths of nine black parishioners in a church in charleston.   gov. phil bryant said monday that he's trying to find out if there are any plans by the federal government to relocate any syrian refugees in the state and if there are the republican said he will "do everything humanly possible" to stop it.   g p.j. tucker was presented with the team's annual majerle hustle award, named for former suns star "thunder" dan majerle.   grab a paper each day and cut out the lanterns until you have collected all eight.   gracie and pohlmann were hired in december by the petrobras board to ensure that the investigation remained independent.   graduates and other attendees battled inclement weather to attend the landmark event.   graf soon assumed the top ranking.   graham is the ninth republican to join the race for president in .   graham jones and fiona robertson hug after his marriage proposal in santa’s grotto.   graham on iraq: "you don't get out" speaking of graham, perhaps most notable in our talk with him in new hampshire was his response to the question of how the country can eventually get out of iraq.   grand bahama continues to be on life support.   grand lucayan bahamian independence celebrations you won't want to miss!   grand parade is hosting one of the biggest family-friendly events.   granted, jay did pat the top of beyoncé's bottom during the grammy performance but they're married.   grasielle castro reports that seven out of brazilians now support president dilma rousseff's impeachment.   grass carp feed extensively on aquatic vegetation, often uprooting large areas of vegetation, thus depleting other native fish species."   grassley, chairman of the powerful senate judiciary committee, and a critic of how the eb- foreign investor visa program has been run, is sounding alarms about the issue.   grassroots conservatives say they see -- with romney, bush and christie all competing for establishment support -- as an opportunity to finally nominate one of their own.   graswald called . she reported falling out of her own kayak and was later picked up by a boater.   graves have had to be interred and remains moved to avoid being swamped.   gray matter athletics ace sonny gray will throw a bullpen session in baltimore as he recovers from a nagging back problem.   grealish in trouble again grealish was warned about his off-field behaviour in april by then villa boss tim sherwood after he was photographed apparently taking nitrous oxide.   great for amateur and professionals looking for a great place to produce some great photos.   "great horses do great things," baffert said after his sixth preakness victory, "and he showed that today.   greece and its creditors hardened their stances on monday after the collapse of talks aimed at preventing a default and possible euro exit.   greece emerged last year from a deep, austerity-induced recession that shrank its gross domestic product by a quarter over a six-year period, slashing jobs and eroding living standards.   greece has managed primary surpluses for the last two years.   greece now has the highest poverty rate in the european union.   greece reporting rescuing another migrants at sea off its eastern islands in the last hours.   greece's banks, which have been shut for two weeks, were still closed on monday and limits remained on cash withdrawals.   greece's economic sentiment also hit its lowest level in almost three years in july, a monthly report by the iobe think tank showed.   greek and foreign experts have argued that the main occupant could be alexander the great's mother, wife or son.   greek and persian society had similar requirements.   greek banks have seen deposits steadily flee the system since december when political tensions rose, sparking fears of a new financial crisis and the threat of a greek euro zone exit.   greek lottery: one way to beat austerity in athens the best-selling tabloid bild came up with the headline "sell your islands, you bankrupt greeks.   greek prime minister alexis tsipras and his left-wing syriza party were elected on the promise to help those worst hit by years of austerity, but instead have been forced to impose capital controls and close banks.   "greek team arrives via duesseldorf," she said.   greenfield park, a traditionally anglophone area, is the only city borough with official bilingual status.   green party leader elizabeth may has criticized the conservative government in the past for its stance on banning the niqab during citizenship ceremonies.   green party politicians caroline lucas mp and baroness jenny jones had argued it was being breached by gchq's bulk collection of communications data from the internet.   greenpeace has detailed shell's on-going failures in trying to drill the chukchi sea site here.   gregg in seattle pts @alert eagle get rid of the olympics too.   gregory benford wonders how is asteroid entrepreneurship after nasa?   greste has already been deported back to australia.   greste told reuters last week he feared he would be found guilty in absentia at the retrial.   grey whales are common this time of the year as they migrate from california to the cooler waters of alaska.   griffin at un to ratify disability convention this was a special week for persons living with disability and the minister of social services and community development the hon. melanie griffin who is championing their cause.   griffin 'remorseful' in court, griffin's lawyer, david hammond, said his client was "embarrassed and remorseful."   griffin, shortly after his daughter died, was among those testifying in favor of the bill.   griffith: i think it's a complicated show for some people.   grill a salmon steak and serve over a bed of sautéed greens, or toss a can of water-packed tuna on top of a veggie-rich salad for a heart-healthy and tasty meal.   grizzlies , pacers marc gasol scored points and mike conley added points and assists for memphis.   gross, , was released in december as part of the recent thaw in relations between the united states and cuba.   gross said cash is king in this environment.   ground crews signaled a green light for departure.   " groundskeeper james ahrens said he saw one bear get hit by a car while crossing jockvale road around : a.m. monday.   group d – manchester city qualified for the knockout stage, winning - at sevilla.   grouped on were joost luiten of the netherlands and american trio tony finau, daniel summerhays and ben martin.   group helicoptered out by u.s. special forces also thursday, a u.s. special operations forces team rescued people, including three americans, by helicopter from an area of nepal called bamboo village, according to the u.s. ambassador to nepal.   groupmuse creator sam bodkin "you show up, you socialize for an hour, you sit down on the floor, and you listen intently for minutes to three movements of a tremendous masterwork," said bodkin.   groups like the german bader-meinhof gang and the italian red brigades targeted nato in an older wave of terrorism in europe.   "growing up in italy, and having a devoutly catholic mother, i spent many sunday mornings in the basilica di san marco in venice, which was our local church," fantin explained to the huffington post.   growler sales flat "weather-driven demand was high in the second quarter, driving the beer category and positively impacting the 'other beverages' category," he said.   growth was "expected to remain at around seven percent and the situation may sustain for four to five years", he said.   growth weakened further to . percent in the january-march period, the worst quarterly result in six years.   grubbs said no more information is being released about that, and he also won't say exactly how the weapon was linked to hernandez.   gruber told the commission that since the city council approved the most recent plat, the investors requested that the commercial area and residential area of the properties be reflected on two separate plats.   grunwald has grown closer with hillary clinton through the years and guided her advertising on the campaign.   gsk had said in a brief release in december that hz/su reduced the risk of shingles by . percent in adults aged years and older.   gta security footage over the past few months, grand theft auto has established itself as an endless well of entertainment.   guangxi sits on the border with vietnam and has several ethnic minorities, but is generally peaceful.   guards at the hotel gate said the attackers, thwarted in their attempt to breach the gates, had retreated into a guardhouse where they were tried to hide from police.   guard wesley matthews added points, hitting two -pointers in overtime, and reserve forward charlie villanueva had . barea's biggest plays of the night were a three-point play with . seconds remaining in regulation for a - dallas lead.   "guatemala has serious problems.   "guatemala is showing that nobody is above the law, and as a result this is a message for all current and future public servants that our behavior must be subject to the constitution," prosecutor thelma aldana said at a news conference.   guatemalans wait in line during general elections at a polling station in san juan sacatepequez, gua … electoral officials estimated a nearly percent turnout.   "guatemala's case was a paradigm shift because you saw the huge example the guatemalan attorney general's office had in prosecuting a president," philip said.   'guelph heirs want recognition from germany'   guerrero, who has spent the past three years in brazil after spells with the german bundesliga sides, grabbed his first goal in the th minute, timing it just right to head home a cross past bolivia keeper romel quinonez.   guests at mar-a-lago will be treated to tales of courage and valor from military dog teams sergeant matt hatala and mwd chaney, corporal jeff deyoung and mwd cena, corporal jonathan cavender and mwd maxi, and corporal nick caceres and mwd fieldy.   guided by locals, capital tegucigalpa is a fascinating city with buzzing arts, music and culture.   guido amsel, , is charged with two counts of attempted murder and one count of aggravated assault.   guinea's opposition is demanding local elections ahead of a presidential vote due in october, but has accused conde of refusing the request because he wants to keep his cronies in local administrations, to help him rig the october vote.   guinea vote counting underway after peaceful ballot but fears of violence remain .. the votes in guinea's presidential election are being tallied.   gulbis, whose career best was a roland garros semi-final last year, has since gone into a funk this year.   gundlach said about a rate hike next month that many economists believe will occur: "certainly no-go more likely than most people think.   gunfire rang out for hours after the initial attack, reuters video footage showed.   gunmen removed the bullet-resistant vest of another wounded commando then shot him to death.   gunmen strapped with suicide bombs attacked restaurants, a concert hall and a sports stadium at locations across paris on friday in a deadly rampage that a shaken president francois hollande called an unprecedented terrorist attack in france.   guo carried the olympic torch during the relay through xi'an ahead of the beijing games.   guoguang, in turn, is wholly owned by a subsidiary of cri, according to chinese company filings.   gurley gained yards and a touchdown on attempts for the rams (-), who took the overtime kickoff at zimmer's deferral but quickly went three-and-out.   gurung had a lot of celebrity support: attendees included jennifer hudson, hailee steinfeld, laverne cox from "orange is the new black," kylie jenner, solange knowles, broadway's phillipa soo, and the bush twins, jenna bush hager and barbara bush.   guy has world's loneliest bachelor party after friends' flights get canceled he's still having a pretty great time.   guy ritchie hasn't only produced blockbuster films, he's also created tv ads for bmw, nike and nespresso - as well as music videos for madonna, of course.   "guys here are focused."   guys more focused, really buying in, watching film.   "guys were getting open looks," said memphis coach david joerger.   guzman's sinaloa cartel is responsible for much of mexico's trafficking of drugs to the us.   gwen barlee, a spokesperson for the wilderness committee, said most people don't realise how many animals are threatened.   “gw is a place of real expertise.   gyasi added, “i was just very upset, i was amped up over the fight and wasn’t really thinking.”   gysi, , made the announcement on sunday at the left party conference in the northwestern city of bielefeld.   haas shot a final round to finish the week at -under-par and win for the sixth time on the pga tour.   habib’s legislation would make employers insure drivers who are on the job but not yet dispatched to a customer.   hackers expose millions on cheating site; some in us govt by raphael satter hours ago file - a tuesday, april , file photo of noel biderman, chief executive of avid life media inc., which operates ashleymadison.   hackers often hide behind computer servers around the globe.   hackett said thai prices could rise to $ or $ a tonne, perhaps by spring.   hackett was one of a number of marrone's assistants at syracuse, who followed their coach to buffalo in january .   had advocated the energy east pipeline to eastern canada but comments from leader thomas mulcair in july raised questions about support.   hadi and his aides fled to riyadh as houthi forces, who had seized the capital in september, closed in on aden.   hadi urged lawmakers to cooperate with him "to normalise the security and economic situation in all provinces".   "had mps been doing their job properly, perhaps they might like to impose a bit of real budget responsibility on ministers instead of merely taking about it."   had subsequent administration's followed his path and continued to increase fuel efficiency standards, we would have stopped importing oil years ago.   "had we known that before the court date, we would have provided something for the family," post falls police chief scott haug told nbc affiliate khq on friday.   haener said that issues surrounding prisoner segregation were being tackled before the audit team arrived, but that "it's an issue of documentation.   haenni said there have been a number of officials from different areas watching and collecting data on the games played on turf.   haina said the wind was howling at the time.   half an hour later, hayes walked back into the packed, hushed courtroom for the final time.   half of the women in the study reported wetting the bed.   half the kids i know have ieps in school.   halifax has a sexual assault nurse examiner (sane) team of registered nurses.   "halifax has the best fans in the league and we're always excited to play in front of them."   halifax water has been operating with about non-unionized supervisory and management staff.   halifax water workers on strike as contract dispute continues halifax water contract talks break off with cupe a halifax water protester was "bumped" by a tractor-trailer on a picket line tuesday morning, according to halifax regional police.   hall says after their initial investigation, it appears this is a case of self defense with the homeowner protecting his family.   halm's love for his hometown is one of the reason's he first decided to run for city council four years ago.   halpert said fido eventually agreed to reimburse her lost reward points.   haltern's grief will take a long time to heal many at the school just cannot comprehend why this disaster occurred.   hamas has vocally advocated for pa complaints against israel in the hague, but palestinian membership in the icc exposes hamas leaders to possible prosecution for war crimes.   hames said at the oct. meeting that the agreement was contingent on malfitano receiving his gaming license.   hamilton clinched his third world title in texas last month with three races to spare, but has a patchy record behind the wheel when away from the race track.   hamilton county budget all but done; sheriff funding to..   hamilton struck out again in the fifth.   hamlin sav-a-lot owner t.g. hoffman wants to congratulate prichard on her accomplishments and wishes her nothing but the very best of luck the rest of the season.   hampton's reginald johnson () shoots on manhattan's ashton pankey () in the second half o …   hanan and her mother pleaded for his release.   hana was shot and killed on saskatoon's preston avenue in .   hana woldeyes, , remembers the “culture shock” she felt when she and her brothers immigrated to canada from ethiopia two years ago, sponsored by their refugee father.   hancock said that more research is needed to explain the findings, adding, “it’s important to note that this is a single study rather than a total look at the evidence and it is an association that may be confounded by a whole range of factors.”   handed a yellow card for a foul in the box on alexandra popp, johnston's heart sank when german striker celia sasic stepped up to take the penalty kick.   hand enterprise solutions plunged by its percent daily limit to . yuan and szzt electronics slumped by percent to . yuan.   handicapped parking will be located on the east side of the school and can be accessed from fifth street and east gabby gibbons drive.   handicapping how the situation might be resolved is difficult from the outside, says johnson: “all kinds of offers could be on the table.”   hand-sensing input technology company leap motion is now an official launch partner with osvr, the open-source vr headset consortium backed by razer, sensics, and many others.   hands-free wood splitter the device is also virtually hands free — a feature that appeals to neighbour robert taylor who, at age , lost most of his left index finger when he was clearing a jammed wood planer.   hanks credits his free access to community college for giving him the leg up he needed to launch his theater career, which eventually lead to movie stardom, multiple oscars a career as a television and movie producer.   hans brouillette, a spokesman for an association representing quebec landlords, says members have had bad experiences with pets and want to maintain the status quo.   hanson, , became chief in and between the calgary police service and the rcmp has spent the last years in policing.   hanson said it's also difficult to get these illegal street riders because of response time.   hanson told the huffington post he "absolutely" felt bad about killing the cougar.   happ had one of his best starts this year his last time out, striking out seven mets over - innings of one-run ball.   happy hanukkah from beast and our little family to everyone celebrating around the world!   happy sound' james last is dead at he was the german orchestra leader who created his own sound, and his records were hits worldwide.   hardened by years living deep in the congolese forest, they are experienced guerrilla fighters with little to lose, and who can also easily blend into the population.   harden finished with nine points on -for- shooting for houston.   harder said having more officers on the street will help improve response times.   hardison and his fellow firefighters got the call to respond to a house fire, and when they arrived, he entered the building with three other firefighters.   hardman says that ms kendall's team hope to use social media to "blow the leadership contest apart", while "trade union candidate" mr burnham seems "keen not to be seen as the union candidate" and is mainly talking about immigration and europe.   hardy and his attorney walked out after that, with nothing to say.   hardy had requested to have the assault claims formally wiped off his file in north carolina in april, a request which was granted by a judge this week.   harkes also argued the trial judge erred in allowing the prosecution to cross-examine him on his prior criminal record.   harmon tried to paint edelen as a career politician using the auditor's office as a steppingstone to higher office.   harper also dealt with the issue of a niqab ban in the federal public service.   harper has done little to improve things," trudeau said during a campaign stop in saskatoon.   harper is joined by arizona's paul goldschmidt and cincinnati's joey votto, from toronto, the baseball writers' association of america announced tuesday.   harper-mercer killed himself after a shootout with police.   harper-mercer, who identified himself on a blog post as "mixed race," enlisted in the u.s. army and served for about a month in before being discharged for failing to meet administrative standards, military records showed.   harper says she is now known around kugluktuk as "the girl with the big tires."   harris county chief deputy tim cannon pauses while reading the details of the crime scene during a news conference in the case of david conley sunday, aug. , , in houston.   harris georgiades said the review will wrap up in the next few days once "technical matters" are cleared up regarding foreclosure and insolvency laws that make it easier for banks to collect on a huge amount of bad loans.   harris is following in the footsteps of his father, pat harris, who broke his back at a young age, and went on to build a long career in wheelchair basketball, playing and coaching.   harrison, the defense analyst, said such issues are not likely to go away soon.   harrison was one of the handful of leaders haley met with in the hours before she announced days after the shooting in june that she wanted the flag to come down.   harris' song has predictably been met with disbelief: — donald williams (@donsview) june , rolf harris is vile.   harry harris, head of us forces in the pacific, has likened to building a “great wall of sand'' with the potential for confrontations to escalate into armed conflict.   harry’s letter was really touching and showed what a caring and thoughtful boy he is.   hart arrived at gas works in one of three giant suvs and was surrounded by an entourage of almost a dozen people, including two former seahawks defensive backs, marcus trufant and jordan babineaux.   hart has limited experience in finance, operations or customer service, the areas that (united) is most in need of improving — we would have preferred an interim leader with more experience in these areas.”   harting, a three-time world champion who won olympic gold in london in , has been a vocal critic of the international association of athletics federations.   hartley, to his credit, was apologetic about ruining dodgers first baseman adrian gonzalez's catch.   hartmann sealed the result in the th minute with a diving header from alfredo morales’ cross.   hart said he flew to austin, texas, on sunday and accompanied barnes on his trip to knoxville shortly after that farewell press conference.   hart said redlands is a community where people know each other.   hartsdown academy prinicipal andy somers around , pupils aged to are taught at the secondary school which employs staff.   harvey remains in prison, and he is awaiting trial on new charges.   has anyone heard it?'   has been accused of having knowledge of human rights abuses happening while he was ambassador to honduras.   has he made a film before and can she meet him?'   hasina's administration has convicted several top leaders of jamaat-e-islami for crimes committed during the country's independence war against pakistan in .   has it had any palpable impact on bangladeshi society?   haslam, a republican, said he had reservations about an early version of the bill, but signed the final measure that made it clear that guns are not allowed at school-related activities taking place in parks.   hassell had surgery to remove a mass on his colon in an indiana hospital in .   hastert denies reports he may have known about the allegations earlier. : hastert steps down as speaker after becoming longest-serving republican in the position.   hastert intends to change his plea to guilty in court wednesday, oct. , .   hastings anticipates that sports networks that have had such success in maintaining an audience will ultimately adopt an on-demand model.   hatano, also popular in japan, is pictured from the elbows up and clothed.   “hatchet?” one friend whispered, after the two had received a hpnotiq mojito (sugary lemonade with rum) and spiked coffee (häagen-dazs with a dash of captain morgan).   hateful, violent speech online leads to hate and violence in the real world.   hauschka had three field goals and the other points came on a -yard punt return by electric rookie tyler lockett.   have you got any kind of tips and hints for novice bloggers i'd really enjoy it..   having accessible information at their fingertips can also improve trust and rapport with patients.   having a few month's supply isn't really difficult, and at worst you have some spare food, at best you don't go hungry if and when disaster strikes.   having affordable health insurance takes one worry off the couple's plate.   having a jupiter in the right place is important.   having created the pandora's box of nationalist chauvinism, they have created pressures that could push them in that direction though, especially if the regime perceives itself to be threatened internally.   "having lived and worked here for eight years that idea is complete rubbish.   having lost all nine of her previous matches in melbourne, the big-serving gajdosova ousted halep's fellow romanian alexandra dulgheru - -.   having said that, a deeper port will open in liverpool next year, science is flourishing at alderley park in cheshire and greater manchester councils are already exercising new economic powers.   having secured a veto-proof majority in the house, supporters are now hoping for a repeat in the senate, while obama works to shift the conversation to milder visa waiver changes that wouldn't affect syrian refugees.   having sensitivity to that will go a long way.”   having served as a us government official myself, i am left speechless every time he talks about such things.   "having sex can jump start the engine and it may even remind you that you enjoy making love to your partner.   having split from cheeky comedy central a few blocks away, he will now hold court at old-guard cbs.   "having to sign the (athletes') agreement on short notice while we're in japan and telling us we need a lawyer 'to read it with you before signing' and we're in japan, how am i supposed to do that?   having urine and waste move through the body decreases the potential for stones to form."   hawaii county civil defense director darryl oliveira says the public can view the lava wednesday, friday and saturday.   hawking, musk and other top scientists are presenting another open letter today at the international joint conference on artificial intelligence in buenos aires, argentina.   hawkins said she felt it was important to show solidarity with muslims in the nation.   hawrelak park will be rife with snow sculptures, roving performers, horse-drawn sleighs, live music, food trucks, winter sports and more.   hayali was the primary coordinator helping to move weapons, explosives, vehicles, and people between isis's strongholds in iraq and syria.   hayles has since been elected regional chairman.   hdtracks, superhirez, nativedsd, and prostudiomasters are on my short list as they all sell a limited number of high-resolution music titles.   he accused opponent hal heiner of scheming with a blogger who was promoting the abuse story.   he accused the dutch of “hiding important data'' from russia, calling into question the authenticity of the shrapnel and pieces of the missile reportedly found in the wreckage.   "he acknowledged that he did this, number one, and that he did it because of a housing issue," said lt. bob vander yacht with the bellingham police department.   he acknowledged that his comments made "enthusiastic young supporter" more likely to support mr corbyn.   he acknowledged: "there remains a lot to do, but knowing as i do the quality of our officers and staff, i am confident that the challenges will be met.   he acknowledged the super stats piled up by his los angeles rivals spurred him.   he actually was a net champion for years and understood it better than most.   he added: "our team's success is a result of paying attention to detail, honing our expertise in areas of specialization, focusing on the things we can control, and perhaps most importantly, having great loyalty to our clients."   he added that he had it in his power to force a poll, but he would not do so because he wanted the six weeks to see a resolution of all outstanding problems.   he added that he had met rebel leaders on sunday in mauritanian capital nouakchott who "confirmed their intention to initial the agreement".   he added that larry boss, a longtime green forest citizen, died last weekend.   he added that successful strategies require a commitment from the government and all stakeholders to implement a strategy and follow through with its successful implementation.   he added that the company had over half a billion customer visits at both physical and online stores during the quarter and that the new iphone was sold in countries by the end of the period.   he added that the fan zones at the confederation cup and the world cup will be at the centre of the security forces' attention.   he added that the search for an owner had started, with one person from the isle of wight believing the dog was one which had been stolen from them two years ago.   he added that "we detected and stopped the actors, so no exfiltration of customer data actually took place, but the very fact that these attempts occurred highlights the need to remain vigilant despite the newly minted cyber agreement."   he added there was much work to do, consulting canadians and examining the issue.   he added: “those who are vocal about turning down the mps' increases have all acquired considerable wealth and can afford it.   he adds she has "no hard feelings" toward james and quotes her as saying, "he was just doing his job.   he adds "we cannot let an unchecked number of refugees or migrants flood slovenia."   head football coach broderick fobbs appreciated the win, but he was upset after the loss.   · headlines: details on major events that have shaped our world.   headlining the outlaw country stage will be jason and the scorchers and on the blues stage it will be bernie marsden.   he admits it's good to have the algerians, but says they don't make up for the absence of europeans.   he allegedly fired former vice president joice mujuru ostensibly because she appeared to be another centre of power as she was taunted as the next president of the republic.   he almost completely disappeared for long stretches.   he already could be fined more than $ million for missing training camp.   "he already does."   he also admitted being depressed and having suicidal feelings and had stabbed himself in the leg before police had arrived, the court was told.   he also alleged that some , russian troops were stationed near the ukraine border along with tanks, armoured vehicles, artillery systems and combat helicopters.   he also alleges he was fired because he had to take time off for his military reserve duty.   he also apologized to germany for violent protests of the pkk on german territory in the s.   he also asked lawmakers to approve $ million of repairs and renovations at the capitol, college campuses, state parks and office buildings under a bonding plan that legislators previously authorized.   he also began a national tour; he comes to new york next week.   he also called for world peace, spoke entirely in english and made no mention of allah, the rodeo wrote on its facebook page.   he also described a work environment where gallegos suffered bullying at the hands of a senior administrator at whitecap dakota.   he also faults al-baghdadi for failing to support muslims who are not in the islamic state's territory.   he also finished second at the cimb classic and, like rose, has finished in the top seven in four of his past five worldwide starts.   he also has career interceptions, including one sunday that probably cost the eagles a win.   he also has no business in this.   he also has two top- finishes at the shriners hospitals open and the houston open.   he also helped leftwich analyze skin samples to better understand how the flippers work.   he also identified a particular room on campus, room , that he called "the playground of all dirty things."   he also kicked six conversions and two penalties for points.   he also left open the idea that he could work again.   he also likes pharmacy benefits managers like cvs health corp. (cvs).   he also lost a fumble.   he also lost the next point, yet saved the break point with a service winner.   he also loved rock music and going out.   he also made a leaping stab at first to rob junior lake of an extra-base hit.   he also offered some specifics on his proposal.   he also paid $, in u.s. dollars for two apartments in bali, the motion said.   he also photographed the repressors, and he took some now iconic, memorably revealing candid portraits of governor duarte, who is also a member of the national ruling party, the pri.   he also questioned why it has taken so long for south carolina to remove the confederate flag from the state capitol.   he also reached the semi-finals of the men's singles at the australian open three times, and won the davis cup with south africa in after settling there.   he also reiterated that crimea should be returned to ukraine.   he also relied on documents, photos and videos, particularly from the months before rabin's assassination, including those showing speeches from politicians such as netanyahu at rallies against the oslo accords where rabin was depicted in a nazi uniform.   he also rents out the property when he's not there.   he also retold the story of his rise from poverty to becoming a pediatric neurosurgeon at johns hopkins.   he also said dealing with the issue so soon was disrespectful to the victims' families.   he also said he hadn't noticed anything unusual thursday morning — everything was normal.   he also said he's never asked anyone from the patriots to tamper with footballs.   he also said he wouldn't provide employees with bonuses for the lunar new year, despite doing so for the last several years.   he also said it was “important” to “understand the japanese position.”   he also said that certain citrus oils when applied to the skin can increase sun sensitivity, and that some substances in essential oils may be risky for pregnant women.   he also said the agency could do even more, including more on-scene crash investigations and better examination of data, if it gets more money in upcoming federal budgets.   he also said there would likely be a review of the stores' overlapping coverage areas and that the department of justice would require them to shed some stores in certain regions, including california.   he also said the road would help local farmers gain access to lands that could not easily be reached following the war.   he also said those given posts in a unity cabinet must have real influence on policy, to tackle issues such as corruption and fixing strained foreign relations.   he also says it could add other measurements to "how drugs work in relation to wellbeing."   he also says landings have been on par with last year.   he also serves as nbc news' on-air political analyst for "nightly news with brian williams" and "today."   he also states that protestors are being fed drugs and manipulated.   he also takes chances and expresses viewpoints often frowned upon in mainstream music.   he also told conference guests that a forward-looking attitude to business was a good way to counter conflict on the continent.   he also told interrogators that he fought in the civil war in his homeland in and in afghanistan with the taliban from to , according to the document.   he also took a brief shot at bernie sanders after more than a dozen protesters—some that were chanting “feel the bern,” were escorted out of the event.   he also took a shot at hedge fund managers, who make up a number of the top donors to gop campaigns and causes.   he also touted his work on passing the st century g.i. bill of rights, a act that expanded education benefits for veterans, and stressed that more needed to be done.   he also urged protesters not to interfere with the arrests of others.   he also visited the settlement of kiryat arba, adjoining the city, and the site known to muslims as the ibrahimi mosque and to jews as the cave of the patriarchs and revered by both.   he also vowed to provide flights for victims' family members who want to travel to germany or france and help them financially.   he also wants to bring back the idea of extended bar hours.   he also wants to end collective bargaining by public-employee unions and eliminate labor-backed requirements that workers on public construction projects earn a certain wage.   he also was unbeaten in and .   he also welcomed the imf's emergency loans for the government in kyiv worth $ billion (. billion euros), issued last friday, saying they provided "breathing space."   he also won concessions from the pacquiao camp on who enters the ring first, what type of gloves are used, and a number of other issues, including a reported - split of the purse.   he also writes the monthly grey matters column for seattle magazine and is a weekly friday guest on weekday on kuow-fm (.).   health agents deployed across the country to destroy habitats like water barrels and other open water sources where the mosquitoes thrive.   "health canada officials will conduct a formal inspection of their facility to determine if the licensed producer meets the requirements for sale," sean upton said by email.   healthcare workers demonstrate against the blockade outside the un headquarters in sanaa.   'health departments, in partnership with prenatal care providers and other local organizations, should work together to address barriers to obtaining early and adequate prenatal care for the majority of vulnerable pregnant women.   health experts say anyone who suspects they may have measles should call their health care provider first to get instructions, and not go to a facility without first notifying staff about symptoms or possible exposure.   "health professionals should be aware that working long hours is associated with a significantly increased risk of stroke, and perhaps also coronary heart disease."   he always looked out for the less fortunate, once spending days at the bedside of a friend who had been in a roll-over accident.   he anchored a popular investigative series on pakistanâ€™s local aaj tv, and also hosted and produced for pakistanâ€™s first english-medium network, dawn news.   he and his lap-dog legistature have been taking our state backward for four years, which, by the way, he says is moving the state forward.   he and his wife robin are busy raising their two children who attend public schools in canadian.   he and more than a dozen co-authors found that sea levels could rise at least feet in the next years.   he and the driver of the minivan, -year-old old anatoliy i. goy, of kent, were pronounced dead at the scene.   he anonymously assisted washington post reporters carl bernstein and bob woodward with many of their stories about the nixon administration's cover-up after the june break-in at the democratic national committee headquarters.   he appealed and was granted a new trial last year.   he appeared in the lismore local court on saturday under the name jo-vaughn virginie scott and was released on unconditional bail, court official melissa everson said.   he applies the same concept, in his own work.   heard's los angeles-based representative also did not immediately respond to an email sent after business hours.   he argued that the main lawsuit by the states could be drawn out by the epa, making the state plan north carolina's best hope to fight it in court.   he argued with the company for two hours over the telephone, he said, but to no avail.   he argues that the weight of public opinion is still in favour of capital punishment but that the "liberal elite" has hijacked the debate and interpret the opinion polls to suit their cause.   hearing officer james thrash upheld the suspension for multiple violations of safety-related playing rules after hearing an appeal by the new york giants wide receiver earlier in the day.   hear them out, and be willing to lower the price as the day goes on.   he as already proven he does not care.   he asked the group to sing so he could literally conduct them.   he asked us again.   he asks his subjects to pose with their phones and then slip them from their hands for a photo.   heaton's aunt sharron was diagnosed in november of with the disease.   he attended a mass in cleveland on thursday with his wife, columba.   heaven forbid you will put yourself in their shoes.   heavy rainfall is expected to continue through the evening, and the threat for flash flooding becomes the most dominate threat for cedar rapids and iowa city, iowa.   heavy rain is expected until late thursday or friday morning, according to local weather reports.   heavy rain overnight caused flooding and closure of sections of highways in the houston area.   heavy rain will bring some drought relief, but it is not expected to erase the state’s water deficit.   heavy smoke rises in kobani following an airstrike by the u.s.-led coalition on october .   heavy snow is expected to start landing this morning, and it isn't going to let up until tomorrow afternoon.   he barely survived the liberal collapse in the federal election, holding onto his suburban halifax seat by only a few percentage points.   he beds eva braun and gets analyzed by freud, sells pure-blooded french girls into sex slavery and enlists in the gestapo for a lark.   he began losing control of his muscle movements and speech.   hebei churns out nearly a quarter of china's steel, but it is now bearing the brunt of a campaign aimed at easing dependence on heavy, polluting industries.   he believes a ‘serious player’ which offers a letter of credit and then withdraws it, should be trusted.”   he believes fifa needs to be completely reformed.   he believes that the project of a european democracy, of a united european democratic union, “has just suffered a major catastrophe”, according to abc.   he benched manziel because johnny football didn't keep his word.   he blamed former secretary of state hillary clinton for the rise of isis and, in a move largely missed by the media, called for us intervention in the syrian civil war.   he blamed the lack of money on management decisions such as the relocation of parts of the bbc to salford.   he bought $ worth of tickets, spur of the moment, in the fourth quarter.   he broke out from a mexican high-security prison in and was not recaptured until .   he brought with him a gun he owned.   he called for an end to social programs that "create dependency," and, signaling he may seek to play in capitol hill battles, telling supporters that if their lawmaker voted to raise the debt limit, "you need to throw them out of office."   he called for the press to investigate who the big businessmen are who defraud the country's customs agency.   he called for the us to organise a unified response from nato nations.   he called it too vague.   he called the damage to schools, mosques, hospitals, ports and other critical structures "unacceptable."   he called the deal "bittersweet."   he called the halifax forum one of the premier security conferences and said it provides an enormous opportunity to discuss possible solutions.   he called the rules "good news all around."   he calls it the overall "professionalization" of the local campaign.   he came back to play six games but it was too early to tell whether george will live up to the $ million the pacers guaranteed him after his breakout campaign (. ppg, . rpg).   he came to washington after being dismissed from the fresno state program.   he cannot rely on what we call an explosive, kamikaze style," trinidad tells cnn.   he can't drive or work.   “he cared about this community, he cared about the individuals in the community and you really felt that and i'm sure that's how his employees felt as well,” riccelli said.   he cast roy scheider as the hydrophobic police chief, telling him, “i don’t want to ever feel you could kill that shark.”   he caught one pass for yards and a touchdown.   he caught six eli manning passes for yards after no catches in the first half, including the game-tying, -yard touchdown reception that made it - with less than two minutes left in the game.   he cited difficulties in the vetting process and securing guarantees that syrian fighters who participate in the training program wouldn’t return home only to fight the assad regime – not the islamic state group.   he claimed, however, that the latest instalment of the series, "the force awakens", could be the highest grossing film ever when it opens in cinemas next month.   "he claimed that we hit standing water and the plane veered off to the right.   he claimed that you have wanted for months to push greece out of the euro zone so as to set an example.   he coached entering students at the columbia graduate school of journalism.   he co-founded al qaeda with fighters from that conflict. photos: osama bin laden's afghan hideout bin laden is seen inside his tora bora hideout, about to record an address.   he composed the song to help raise money for the home.   he contacted consumer watchdog to share the repercussions of his facebook post.   he continued his tirade, saying that he believes sprint is "desperate" after t-mobile announced on thursday that it would no longer save the best deals for those who have strong credit quality in a move it's calling smartphone equality.   he could drive the national agenda.   he couldn't answer me.   he could pardon or deport them but has so far refused to intervene, citing the independent judiciary.   he could take that strategy in boulder.   he cracked open a canister of propane, releasing gas that police think might have been intended as a bomb, and he clouded the air with chemicals.   he crackles with energy — even his thoughts have an hyper-ionized quality to them, as if permanently on a triple charger.   he created one of the parodies with his -year-old isaiah and put it on facebook on june . it's been viewed there more than million times and shared around the internet.   he cried as he testified that he broke down at the time and felt "numb."   he cries when he looks at her smiling photographs around the home.   he'd be for term limits in congress, and (somehow) ending lobbying by "paying them all to stay away from washington."   he’d come to my studio and bring me a viewfinder.   he decided against a run in but has continued to keep his name in the spotlight as a fox news host and conservative commentator.   he decided to search the car, in which clark and marvin banks were passengers, and called tate for backup.   "he decided to stay with the team.   he delivered his famous "i have a dream" speech to more than , people.   he denied earlier he was the target of a graft investigation.   he depicts familiar ideas and themes and ideas in a very honest fashion.   he describes his arrest as a pivotal moment, and once in hmp peterborough says he grew up a lot.   he deserves everything right now.   he determined, for instance, that it made no sense for a braiding salon to be forced to install a minimum of five sinks when washing hair is not involved in the braiding process and may not legally be performed by a braider.   “he developed friendships with the boys he played with and has kept them today.   he did have a little help along the way, though.   he did it all, but fell short of a world series title.   he did not comment on the allegations against yatsenyuk.   he did not give a new death toll for militant casualties.   he did not physically attend the convention.   he did not point back toward the officers," wooten told cnn.   he did not score a goal in the final two games and had only one assist.   he did not set a timetable for change but stressed urgency in his speech.   he didn't, and now he is charged with capital murder in the deaths of two police officers in mississippi.   he didn't comment on whether russia should join that coalition.   “he didn’t indicate and narrowly missed a male cyclist who had swerved on to the pavement.”   he didn't say so, but mcconnell was among many republicans in last fall's campaign who sidestepped questions about climate change by saying they were not scientists.   he didn't specify what the charges were or if they were linked to the attacks.   he died at the hospital shortly thereafter.   he died in a car accident in .   he died there in .   he died three weeks later, aged , of "acute radiation syndrome."   he died when i was . i've been messing up since then.   he disagrees with the pope's position on issues like gay marriage and abortion.   he disclosed that four out of the nine of them were used as suicide bombers in executing all the suicide attacks," it said.   he discussed with us that, if one day he had an accident like that of michael schumacher, that even if his only handicap was not being able to drive, he would have a lot of difficulty living.   "he does a lot of things and does not get recognized for it," long said.   he does not invest in the tech industry.   he doesn't always wear his helmet so that he can see and hear, but he wears it for photos.   he doesn't realize the damaging effect his words can have on people, especially kids."   he doesn’t sense that he’s hurt.   hedren then helped the women find jobs in socal.   he drove around the city and outside the city and, during the time outside of regina, allegedly sexually assaulted her.   he drove away in a dark four-door chevrolet.   he edged out champion molly schuyler, of bellevue, nebraska, who eclipsed her record -wing mark with wings.   he enjoyed a graceful retirement in mississippi, and isham harris returned from his international exile to be elected to the u.s. senate from the same state that had labeled his wartime actions treasonous.   he enjoyed reading, especially the bible, and was also involved with the jail ministry here in nevada.   he estimated that , people lined the route that took francis to the vatican ambassador's residence.   he estimated that the same-restaurant sales hit could be as much as basis points this quarter and basis points in the first quarter of next year.   he estimates he saved at least $ from financing alone, and of course, some consumers might save potentially thousands by nailing down the loan before going into a dealership.   he estimates he tried out nearly others that he did not finish.   he even got his first haircut two weeks ago!).   he expects russian production to decline, but future sources of oil needed to maintain production levels years out are being hindered.   he expects the project to last for up to two months but said he could not be sure about the life expectancy of his invented troops.   he explained, "more than , fighters from russia and ex-soviet republics are in the territory of syria.   he exploited his position as a sportsman as manager of football teams.”   he expressed remorse in a brief statement to the court.   he faces a sentence of up to life in prison if convicted of murder.   "he faces charges of mass murder and crimes against humanity," police spokesman fred enanga told afp, adding he also faced treason charges.   he failed to show up for hearings, submit or translate key documents as evidence and he mixed up clients' stories – all of which undermined their accounts of persecution.   he feels like he's in limbo, waiting for a diagnosis so he can get the support he needs to start the next stage of his life.   he feels that he no longer fits the bill.   he felt he produced his best golf of the season from tee to green in last week's event at firestone country club and was considering a switch back to an old putter this week to improve his sharpness on the greens.   he figured he would be watching the weekend at his home in florida.   he finished -for- with four rbis.   he finished in a tie for second with south african louis oosthuizen.   he finished that race with a respectable second place showing, earning percent of the vote.   he first got his start in photography when he was drafted to serve the u.s. army in the vietnam war.   he first won his seat in a byelection in , beating out then-liberal candidate and current montreal mayor denis coderre, by more than , votes.   he flipped uzbekistan's rustam assakalov to the mat for a four-point throw — a move wrestling officials would love to see more often — and won -.   he forced cook’s father to the back bedroom, tied him up and shoved a pillowcase in his mouth.   he frequently drives himself around town in his cadillac sedan.   he garnered % support among likely republican caucus goers, falling behind scott walker at %, rand paul at %, mike huckabee at % and ben carson at %.   he gave the direct order.   he gave up his licence to practise after complaints to the college of physicians and surgeons of nova scotia and a disciplinary hearing last year determined he had taken nude photographs of a -year-old female patient he was treating in .   "he goes: 'is joe going to be flying the dc-?'   he goes on to say how his mother's love and education allowed him to achieve his dream of becoming a doctor.   he got a break when hong's wife let him go alone for a haircut.   "he got angry: 'what's that, there are no deaths?'   "he got irate and started to raise his voice."   "he got outside and she wasn't there."   he grins: "everybody wants to look like me 'cause i look like a million bucks every day."   he guarded prisoners’ baggage on the ramps, but his main task was to collect and tally money stolen from the new arrivals and then send it to berlin.   he had a childhood love for "the jetsons" and british comic book "space hero" dan dare, after all.   he had a lot of ball losses and also a yellow card, so at that moment i wanted to change him, but then i saw he was coming back," said van gaal, who also saw substitute javier hernandez miss a late penalty.   "he had a really loud laugh and he used it all the time, at himself more than anyone.   he had a run-in with pasco police early last year, having been arrested for assault after throwing objects at officers and trying to grab an officer's pistol, court records show.   he had a second home in kendalia, texas, located just north of san antonio.   he had been - with a . era when receiving at least three runs of support.   he had been in the service for about a year.   he had converted to christianity from islam and became a pastor in idaho.   he had just celebrated mass in rain-whipped st. peter's square for tens of thousands of people, who huddled under umbrellas or braved the downpour in thin, plastic rain-slickers.   he had just returned to taiwan after spending time in the us, spain and philippines.   he had mousey brown short hair.   he had previously forecast that share would grow to percent by from percent in .   he had represented the kent constituency for the conservatives from until switching allegiance to ukip and beating ms tolhurst at last november's by-election.   "he had spent an extended period of time in the ditch," said rcmp cpl.   he had three bodyguards around him and walked away.   he had trouble sleeping, he felt worthless, like he "didn't fit in."   he handed her a bag from a jewelry store.   he has yards on carries, leading the nfl with a . yards per carry average.   he has a big heart."   he has a lot going on.   he has already established a public persona.   he has also inserted a personal touch.   he has been charged with armed robbery, possession of a weapon for a dangerous purpose, disguise with intent and failing to comply with court orders.   he has been interviewed by the police and has not been charged in relation to this case.   he has been living and drawing in seattle since .   he has been mentioned in trade talks as the july deadline approaches.   he has been nominated for best actor for his performance as professor stephen hawking in the theory of everything.   he has been taking a leading role in steering the rev team as it readies itself for the coming tv competition, and as the company makes its bid for mobile cellular services.   "he has been talking a lot more to ex-players about captaincy and learning from people.   he has been traveling for three weeks.   he has canes, two walkers and a power chair to make walking around and leaving the house easier.   he has described the superspeedy mode of transport as a "cross between a concorde, a rail gun and an air-hockey table."   "he has done so much for visp," she said.   he has generally seemed to regard if you're reading this..   he has gotten more than , hits in seasons in the majors.   he has locations in florida, georgia, pennsylvania and virginia.   he has more than a hundred first cousins.   he has no illusions about the tensions between police and black men but says it's disingenuous of activists to compare selma to ferguson, missouri.   he has not revealed how many of them have been dismissed, but many prospective jurors said they could not be impartial because they already believe tsarnaev is guilty.   he has overseen crews for a month in a mostly losing battle against the ice to keep running the boats that usually deliver , commuters a day to boston's downtown financial district.   he has pleaded not guilty to those charges as well.   he has pointed to his record in florida to cast himself as a reformer and distinguish himself among the republicans seeking the party's nomination for the november presidential election.   he has previously let slip in another lbc appearance that the ban of handguns in britain is "ludicrous".   he has previously voiced his own character on the simpsons, appeared alongside comedy troupe monty python and featured on a track by pink floyd.   he has previously worked for idg, the sydney morning herald and melbourne's the age as well as various business titles, most recently editing the business sunday section of new zealand's weekly national news..   he has said knight was fleeing armed attackers when he struck sloan and carter.   he has seen support for the conservatives rebound in quebec over the last few weeks, but his party's popularity is still limited to a few rural seats and the quebec city area.   he has set a goal that at least percent of the companies hired for contracts by the ohio state government be minority-owned.   “he has shown the qualities he has and he showed us what he is as an individual around the football club, that’s why he was one we wanted to secure.”   he has since applied for refugee status.   he has since become a campaign favorite for the bush staff.   he has some good material with a great dry delivery that he has honed on the expense accounts of those that deliver the scripted drivel they pass off as "news".   he has spent a second night in jail as he tries to raise his $. million bail.   he has two games remaining on the ban.   he has what's called "smarts" in american, which is a kind of instinctive smartness.   he has worked in gwich'in language programming for cbc and cklb and as an interpreter for the gwnt's language bureau.   he heads to the aquarius reef base on july with an international crew of five people.   he held out a line of hope for nova scotia.   he hesitantly sat down and looked at us.   he hit -pointers overall and eight in the second half.   he hit one i-can't-believe-he-just-made-that basket after another — including a -footer — and added an alley-oop from curry on the fastbreak just for good measure.   he holds a master of education from boston university and a bachelor of science in chemistry with a minor in business from suffolk university.   he hopes his story will inspire them to dream and reach their goals.   he hopes this next effort can help in our current crisis.   he hopes to remember all the details of his finale, including visits from racing legend mario andretti, three-time formula one champion lewis hamilton and sports-car ace scott pruett.   hehr was years old when a bullet struck him in the neck during a drive-by shooting outside a popular nightclub strip in calgary in .   heidi tried to repair things with lauren, but she wasn't having it.   he insisted on helping carry elliott's tiny coffin at her funeral.   he insisted the vote gave them a mandate to proceed with the independence drive and that they would work with cup "to carry out the road map" and to put in place the structures in time for "the legal disconnection" with spain.   he intended to document an uprising, but as it escalated, he wanted -- no, needed -- to experience armed conflict.   he is - with a . era in three career starts against boston.   he is accused of murdering ethnic serbs during bosnia's - conflict.   he is also concerned, he says, that by omitting important details, the campaign will result in families overestimating the chunk of change they actually get to keep.   he is also partnering up with iran and hezbollah on the ground, which also plays into the hands of those sunni extremists bent on revenge.   he is also tied for the most appearances with six and most valuable player awards with three.   he is always a willing helper behind the scenes setting up the annual banquet, the golf outing and the annual steak eating contest, which he dreamed up."   he is at exactly pitches, and is due up third this inning, so he may be done for the night, especially with terry collins having shown a willingness to use jeurys familia for six outs.   he is a very sensible boy, a modest, humble boy.   he is a weekly co-host of the al sharpton show.   he is based in new york city.   he is believed to be behind the killing of scores of minority shiites.   he is best known as a theorist in behavioral finance.   he is buried in a public grave in the city of london cemetery.   he is charged with break and enter and theft from a motor vehicle.   he is currently being treated with additional iv fluids and hopes to play tomorrow."   he is dave naghi, a sitting maidstone borough councillor, where he has represented east ward since .   "he is described as white, to years old, with short brown hair, possibly balding, and wearing a red flannel-type shirt."   he is due in court on november . if convicted, he faces a maximum sentence of seven years in state prison.   he is everybody, ourselves included, and for us he is, first and foremost, us.   he is fully dressed; not a tourist but a freedom fighter.   he is getting advice from a strategist who can tell the candidate he was right there when it worked before.   he is going to be starting physical therapy soon and it's going to be painful.   he is in a small neighborhood pharmacy in springfield, massachusetts.   he is instead looking toward asia for new customers.   he is muscular, with an elaborate tattoo on his bulging left bicep.   he is never satisfied."   he is not afraid of rhetorical expansion, particularly when writing forms of elegy.   "he is now satisfied that the police, after speaking to witnesses and reviewing cctv footage and other evidence, have found there is no substance to the claim," it added.   "he is one of my best friends, a truest friend and one of the most gifted guitar players that i've ever known.   he is perfectly capable of setting the whole country on fire if it means maintaining his grip on power.   he is pictured with his parents, ralph and joan mcintosh.   he is president of the association of national olympic committees, which oversees the hundreds of national olympic committees.   "he is probably the most in-form attacker in the league, decisive in front of goal and also in their play," he said. - the last @fcbarcelona goals in la liga have been scored by either neymar (nine) or luis suárez (eight).   he is quoted in the newspaper admitting to illegally parking the wrong way on a street.   he is running a video production company in summerside.   he is the founder of "urnabios," a company that produces urns that turn into trees over time.   he is well on his way to success with this group of well-crafted tunes and an old-soul voice.   he is well-versed on the issues, even complicated ones, says a former minister, but adds that the president is "very indecisive" when it comes time to make decisions.   he is worried about "financial reform fatigue" across the globe.   he is yet to confirm exact numbers.   he joined the robotics team at his high school in lawrence, massachusetts.   he, jorgeson as well as a camera crew recording their progress, sleep in tents hung from the smooth sides of the cliff.   he just said that he was withdrawing and throwing up and whatever and all the regular symptoms of withdrawing tyler told his jailers that he was a heroin addict.   he keeps his spirits up at a time when doctors say he may have less than a week to live.   he kept his mounting homicidal thoughts from a university psychiatrist, instead describing them in the notebook he mailed to her hours before the shooting.   he kept us safe," he said, recalling the iconic image of the rd president atop the smoking ruins of ground zero after the sept. , , attacks.   "he knew he was in trouble," graham said.   he knew that i’d been doing open town halls across the country, but the blow landed.   he knew who you were (the husband), but you didn’t know who he was (the fuck buddy).   he knows he'll be in the spotlight at augusta, but insists that won't put extra pressure on him.   he knows how to cut to the chase, and did when i asked about his faith.   "he knows no other country."   he knows that he made a mistake."   he lamented both the proliferation of "sponsored content," or paid advertisements that deliberately resemble news stories, and the obsession with page views.   he lamented the lack of urgency in d.c., contrasting it with the challenges of the cold war, when the u.s. and the soviet union confronted each other in the arctic and beyond.   he lashed out at those who criticized him for failing to form a government earlier, saying that his administration had set out to do things methodically and properly.   he later acknowledged that he had made a terrible error in entering the war.   he later launched his “make in india” campaign, which aimed to send a message to the world that india was open for business.   he later received a suspended sentence after pleading guilty to third-degree assault.   he later said he only meant that vaccinations and disorders were "temporally" related, or connected by time.   he later seized power in , following a civil war in which his rebel forces ousted the president.   he leaned forward, and said: "that's me.   he learned basic guitar chords from his uncle, a preacher, and only performed religious music at home.   "he led it with an unprecedented openness born, i believe, out of a confidence that he felt it was simply the right thing to do," she said.   "he left it right out here, so tigger is kind of a party cat."   he left that job in to open a consultancy, which evolved into flavorman.   he left the house.   helen clark, head of the united nations development programme, believes percentages could be set to measure progress.   he let his players play.   he, like my brother, hadn't yet served his time in the army, so we had to sneak out.   he lists no income.   he lives in florida now.   hellen and david ream have preliminary approval from the chinese government to adopt -year-old ziye.   hell, i don't really remember exactly where i was or what i was doing but i remember exactly how i felt when i first heard sam smith's grammy award winning stay with me.   he'll move towards puck handling soon.   hello kitty dim sum: food that is too cute to eat photos hello kitty explosion – the restaurant interior is a hello kitty explosion -- from ceiling lanterns to tabletops to chopsticks holders.   he'll reprise his role again in "the avengers: age of ultron" may , and "captain america: civil war."   "hell’s kitchen" constants visit heritage in nolibs “hell’s kitchen” contestants christine hazel and michelle tribble enjoy a drink and dinner at heritage.   he locks in on the cell phone.   he looks forward to continued professional accomplishments in the coming years.   he lost his th straight game as a starter going back to his time as a first-round draft pick in cleveland.   help america's lip sync star launch their national search by voting online for a $, grant from chase mission main street grants america's lip sync star, has applied for a $, grant from chase's, mission main street grants.   he made an impassioned reference to the views from the blue mountains, which he said the committee should highlight more.   “he made everybody look like they were (-foot-),” dime said laughing.   "he made eye contact with us!" she said later.   he made headlines after his father travelled to syria and brought him home, and later appeared in the trial as a prosecution witness.   he made his final screen appearance as a judge on a episode of “law and order.”   he made his former firm more than $ million by trading on secret information about such companies as google inc. and hilton worldwide, and he passed the tips to other traders who profited off them, manhattan federal prosecutors said in sentencing papers.   he made runnin' rebel basketball a brand name during his years on campus, inspiring our community and creating a legacy that endures to this day.   “he made some marvelous plays to give us a chance,’’ carroll said of wilson.   he made terrible deals.   he mandated prime minister ahmet davutoglu to form a government last week.   he married debbie dieball on february , in perryton.   he may go to arizona for another brief stint in the spring-training camp of the texas rangers, who have stowed wilson on their class aaa round rock roster.   he may have"'inherited' wives and more than children after his father's death.   "he may not have been born in indiana.   he meant it as praise, but the trouble with that position—and the deepest of all the troubles disturbing the waters of “walden”—is that it assumes that thoreau had some better way of discerning the truth than other people did.   he met igor zelensky, the new director of the bayerisches staatsballett in munich, who is also artistic director of the stanislavsky.   he missed his flight and couldn't fly out until the next day.   he missed two games in the eastern conference final because of knee and foot injuries and sounded unsure of his status for game on sunday in oakland.   hemlock grove season it’s that time of the week again, and bgr is bringing you a roundup of the best new netflix movies and shows for your streaming pleasure.   he mocked and seemed to revel in his critics’ attacks, often sending links to articles to his followers.   he moved to winnipeg in and fell in love with the prairies.   hemp that is grown must contain less that percent thc, the compound found in marijuana that makes you high.   hempton said in the email that he should have given ackman an advance copy as "it would have helped you prepare for your call today."   hence, as paul krugman argues, the smart move would be to wait until inflation is definitely beginning to tick up, and only then begin to raise rates.   hendricks' safety squeeze came back to pitcher jaime garcia, who might have had a play on jackson at the plate but hesitated.   hendrikus descendre, , is being held in jail in fond du lac, wisconsin, where he pleaded no contest and was found guilty on july of a felony stalking charge, fond du lac county assistant district attorney kristin menzl said.   “he needed cpr and resuscitation and was put into a hypothermic blanket to cool him right down.   he netted two goals in league matches for jihlava last season.   "he never quite got the allure of his own work as being interesting photography in its own right.   he never shows any teeth when he smiles, but his lips are broad and wet.   henley earns a percent commission on all the funds paid to malta.   he noted friday that "empire" used the word "power" in advertising images.   he noted he's never seen a modem catch fire in his four years on the job investigating fires in the city.   he noted that his grandfather was on the first balloon flight into the stratosphere in , and his father was on the first dive to the bottom of the pacific's mariana trench in .   he notes that he became involved in his profession because his father was a cpa; he is proud to uphold the family tradition in professional financial planning.   he noticed a couple on the street involved in an altercation.   he noticed the suspect was bleeding.   he now sits in third place with percent of the vote, a significant jump from his mere percent support in september.   henry ramos allup, the chairman of the democratic action party, took to twitter shortly after the murder, writing that diaz was killed by an armed gang.   hensley's lawyers stand to make about $ million in fees from the chicago case, according to a tolchin court filing.   he offered rides on the aircraft to children before he came onto the grounds.   he opens with the standard litany of attacks on the us, france, and other western countries.   he operates the coffee shop blue sky in oakland, a combination for-profit coffee shop and for-profit medical marijuana dispensary that he says brings in $ million in annual revenue.   he passed a physical, then passed an interview with heat president pat riley — and said all the right things for this deal to get done.   hepburn made it all believable and harden does too.   he peppers his pages with wit, empathy and a sense of inclusiveness.   he planned a flight monday to washington state to visit quarterback jacob eason, who has committed to georgia.   he plans to address supporters of hillary rodham clinton's second white house bid before the iowa democratic party dinner in des moines.   he plans to ask the judge to improve access to the evidence.   he plans to fuse street lights together in the shape of a flower.   he plans to set up a power plant that will produce megawatts by the end of this year.   he played games on special teams, and even though he never cracked the lineup on offense, he was rewarded with a scholarship following the season.   he played minutes and sat out the entire fourth quarter while the lakers outscored the clippers -.   he played football, basketball and ran track at jchs before receiving a football scholarship to the university of miami and signing with the dallas texans (now kansas city chiefs).   "he played really well.   he plays a mean trumpet too!   he pledged that he would use the issue as a litmus test for anyone he would nominate to the supreme court as president.   he pledged to promote the cause through international conferences to be held in hiroshima later this month.   he pointed out that many of the national plans — known as intended nationally determined contributions, or i.n.d.c.s — already included ambitious goals for cities.   he posted $, bail.   he poured the rest into a bottle and plans to sprinkle it on his grandchildren.   he predicted the oil industry will start recovering in the second half of as companies stop cutting jobs.   he predicts the conflict will be fully resolved peacefully, in keeping with ukrainian laws.   he previously was the principal at coe elementary school and began his teaching career years ago, when he was . “this was a late-in-life calling,” he wrote on the school’s website.   he promised "real macedonian goulash"--none of that hungarian stuff--and many, many shots of rakija.   he proposed using one or two large modules flown on dedicated sls launches, which he argued can save mass and provide more volume than a collection of small modules.   he provides daily coverage of the team throughout the year.   he pulled out what appeared to be a gun and stole the car of a woman.   he put in his own rebound just inside the right post.   he quickly landed a role in a successful soap opera, and soon after he made his debut in nollywood, nigeria's mighty movie making machine.   he quoted ocalan as saying: "this call (for a congress) is a declaration of intent for democratic politics to replace the armed struggle."   her “” sold . million its first week on sale last year, the fastest seller in some time, and bakula said adele’s disc is likely to finish the week with more than twice that number sold.   her debut album, come away with me, won eight grammys, including album of the year, and has sold over million copies.   her achievement is a tribute to an institution that has defied every fad for democracy and egalitarianism.   heralding the coming gentrification of this area is the striking new eye film institute, with a complex of museum spaces, theaters playing art films, and a trendy terrace cafe with great waterside seating.   he ran around a little bit today and we’ll monitor that right before game time.   “he ran the company like a family business,” says one person close to the current pdvsa president’s office.   her appeal has continued to both raise awareness of the rare childhood cancer and help other families in similar situations.   her aspiration to lead a respectable lifestyle soon crumbles, however, as elena learns that her new “dignified” career doesn’t actually pay much.   her attorneys say, for example, that the governor or legislature could make clear that the licenses are issued under the authority of the state, rather than her office.   herbert and ellen worthman died within hours of each other.   herbert, van dyke's attorney, would not speak with cnn about which authorities are investigating the shooting.   "her birthday just came up in the lottery here in michigan," he said.   her body was " percent charred."   her book an encyclopedia of shamanism clearly discusses the basic concepts of shamanism, methods, and traditions of over different shamanic peoples.   her boyfriend, who has not been identified, wasn't hurt, and told authorities that no words were exchanged before the shooting.   her brother, james thimm, was tortured and killed on a nebraska farm in by a man who is still awaiting execution because of repeated legal challenges.   her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school's handling of the complaint, saying she hoped to show how "flawed" the university disciplinary system is when it comes to sexual misconduct cases.   her cell phone was used to call several people connected to matt, another source with knowledge of the investigation told cnn.   her championships are what got her here, but her individuality is what makes us love her.   her classes combine hands-on activities with real world experiences.   her competition includes katy perry, coldplay, ariana grande, ed sheeran and sam smith.   her complaint outlined certain instances of alleged sexual advances by other partners, including receiving a book by musician leonard cohen titled "book of longing" that's filled with nude drawings of women and erotic poems.   her condition deteriorated to the point where she became incontinent, he said, and he'd have to clean her up.   her creative flair has led to her working on some big projects, including an installation at royal ascot where she decorated a life-sized horse with tiny silk flowers.   hercules is dependent solely on shallow water activity.   her doctors said that by the time she would have felt it herself, the cancer would have been very advanced.   he reads now in memory of her.   he really used his chances," berdych said.   here, a man looks for pieces of his beach house after sandy demolished it in seaside heights, new jersey.   here are healthy ways to recover and make it through the holiday season: . make a list - no, not a list for santa, a list of your wants and needs in a mate.   here are a few of miami's hottest new hotels.   here are a few things to know about the two saccharine substances as a trial begins tuesday.   here are all the best hidden google tricks to check out.   here are eight essential orders.   here are five key nuggets: partition by business function, not by platform: "we had data on appliances, physical storage spaces, and even tapes at finra," agonus says.   here are five things you need to know about arminia bielefeld. . former bundesliga heavyweight although a name not recognised immediately, arminia are one of the bundesliga's most established names.   here are seven money lessons you can introduce to your kids as early as kindergarten.   here are six reasons why.   here are some driving tips from odot: --- take your time.   here are some selfies he's taken of himself — and you'll totally do a double-take!   here are some "star wars" highlights from all the films to tide you over.   here are some things to know about some of the young women vying for the crown: georgia frazier knows the difference between a curveball and a slider — and can throw either one for strikes.   here are some things to know about the report: differing causes the foundation's studies cover different measures, delving into economic well-being, health care, education and family and community issues.   here are some tips for managing gen u: play to gen u's strengths just because gen u professionals have been away from the workforce does not mean that they have lost their ability to contribute meaningfully to the bottom line.   here are the four things you need to know before the opening bell rings in new york: . market overview: u.s. stock futures are looking weak tuesday, though they have clawed back from earlier lows.   here are the four things you need to know before the opening bell rings in new york: . stocks keep rising: u.s. stock futures continue to push higher following a stunning surge on friday.   here are the main issues involved, the reforms in question and the key players.   here are the six things we learned about wilson: his mother was a habitual criminal wilson was raised in texas by a mother who was a compulsive thief, according to the new yorker profile.   here are three suggestions.   here at engadget, we're having our own.   here, black women are vulnerable because of their love for black men.   he received .% of the vote in the country's first election after the civil war broke out.   he received a chilly reception at the group of summit in australia in november, and left the venue early.   he received a heroes welcome as he strode to the middle eight overs after lunch, played at two deliveries and returned to the shed after chopping a fuller ball from suranga lakmal onto the stumps.   he received a low pass from nacer chadli, turned into space and drilled a low shot across palace goalkeeper julian speroni and into the far corner of the net.   he recommended that media access be controlled and prohibited at times.   he recommends employers consult hr providers or employment law attorneys.   he recounted the teen's story of survival.   he referred to his "gig" as "really shitty."   he refused to comment on the specific case, but said the practice of strip-searching students is within the rules.   here he is performing with his professional partner, karen hardy, at the bbc sports personality of the year awards a year after his victory.   here, incandescent magma from the mantle meets cold seawater, and metallic brines gush forth from the rock chimneys known as black smokers.   here in new york we can expect temperatures to rebound to the mid s this afternoon to near tomorrow as a big high pressure system dominates the weather over the northeastern us.   here in sou cal i'm drivin along in my truck and bam.   here is a picture of the draft plan for the development.   here is my response to your requests.   here is the complete list, including change in rank vs. .   here is the list of records he compiled: the heat wave is also contributing to extreme fire danger in most of the territory.   here is the magazine's take on the issue.   here is what i do: keep conversations short and sweet when in contact with negative people.   here is where the decivilizing process resides, and it does not depend on the strategic positioning of a religion or a culture in today's world, but on the total absence of empathy for the otherness of the other human being.   he reiterated that there is no military solution to the crisis with separatists in eastern ukraine, and that borders should not be changed by force.   he re-iterated the same himself on wednesday, when stumping in new hampshire: he said supports moving undocumented immigrants "out of the shadows" if they pay a fine, learn english and aren't a criminal.   here, just before the opera’s final nighttime scene in the garden -- with its deceptions, recognitions, and reconciliations -- susanna briefly pauses to sing of the true joys of love that will soon be hers.   he released his autobiography "midnight train from georgia: a pips journey" in with ziegler.   he remarried and had further children, obama jr.'s half-siblings, and died aged in a car accident in nairobi, .   he remembers his friend's caring nature, bright smile and great laugh.   he repeated a threat made earlier this season to quit the sport.   he replied: “they know why i’m here.”   here, rodham talks about student protests in , which she supported in her commencement speech at wellesley college in wellesley, massachusetts.   here’s a cheat sheet of what we think are the hottest legislative topics.   here's a copy of that letter for you below: to whom it may concern, please accept this letter as a formal complaint of harassment which occurred at the hayden ellis lecture on the th of november, .   here's a few comments i've encountered in my years since cancer that i can attest no cancer survivor wants to hear: "i'm so sorry."   here's a look at her life and career through the years. photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight before she married bill clinton, she was hillary rodham.   here's a look at olmert's four-decade political career: — olmert follows in his father's footsteps and is elected to parliament as member of the nationalist likud party.   here's a look at well-known donors who have given money to conservative presidential campaigns in the past.   here's a look at what some had to say throughout the day.   here’s another number from the nfl that depending on your outlook is either sobering or heartening — since , teams have qualified for the playoffs with a losing record through nine games.   here's a pick of highlights when touring one of the top destinations for .   here's a rundown of five awesome halloween costumes that magically come from one adidas track suit.   here's bassist flea in a quiet moment.   here's david catanese with more: thank you, your email has been submitted.   here’s everything petersen had to say monday: most read stories what’s really wrong with the seahawks?   here's his full statement: tonight, a brazilian judge blocked whatsapp for more than million people who rely on it in her country.   here's hoping that someday elena will be seen not just as a latina princess, but as a character as american as mickey mouse.   here's how it works.   here’s how it works: the malware hijacks the phone while it’s attempting to shutdown, mimics the shutdown procedure and then stays on even after the screen goes black.   here’s how mable’s action-packed day unfolded: edmonton police called for spidermable’s help after edmonton oilers captain andrew ference went missing monday morning.   here's how the new york times framed the clinton-sanders horserace: "hillary clinton's team is wary as bernie sanders finds footing in iowa."   here's how the story developed: a fight involving to inmates at clinton correctional facility leads officials to request a full lock down and search, but the request is denied, possibly denying guards the chance to uncover the escape plot.   here's more information on how you can help in the migrant crisis.   here, some analysts say, the company has come up short.   here's the ominous part for the city's pro-democracy activists: central authorities have warned this may be hong kong's last chance to have "democracy."   here’s the thing, nick: you are worried about dan’s reaction if you rat him out, and you’re just as worried about the reactions of your long-term teammates if you keep quiet about the misuse of funds going on in your department.   here's the winning photo, and the best of the nominees.   here's what happened to the franc and why it matters: how did we get here?   here's what the hyperloop could look like cnbc hrs ago marguerite ward ideas for elon musk's high-speed hyperloop train are blazing ahead in full open source fashion.   here's what we know of the fatal shooting: : a.m.: vehicle violation slager pulled scott over at : a.m. saturday for a broken taillight, according to authorities.   here's what you need to do: build a facebook fan page, a twitter account or whatever, and build community there.   here's what you need to know for tuesday feb. , : weather environment canada lifted its exteme cold weather warning on tuesday, but it's far from warm outside.   here's where you can find them: halifax transit locations comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   here's why and what to do about it.   here's why by patrick gillespie @cnnmoney a short history of cheap money friday is a big day for the u.s. economy.   here's why many "free" apps drain your smartphone battery and here's how you can get that power back..   here, the burden of proof was on us.   here, the piecemeal approach is meant to eventually secure a majority in the european council because - given the opposition from eastern european states - no one believes there'll be consensus on this issue.   here, the water grew more choppy, and the boat began to struggle.   here, this is what happened to me," says betsina.   he retired in and died at the age of in shortly before england won the world cup.   here tonight is a man who has built a legacy of service in the lowcountry and across south carolina.   he returned to england to recover in a nursing home in park lane.   he returned to ottawa and the hill in .   here we are again -- the same group.   "here we are in the st century.   her first race was a km event.   her goal is to raise $,, all of which will be donated to the epilepsy foundation of america.   her grandson, brandon risher, gave the eulogy.   her hip and knee problems started after breaking a leg while crashing in a super-combined race in tarvisio, italy, the following year.   her husband said he was alerted by his wife's screams.   he rides mr mole in the queen mother champion chase on wednesday, although that could boil down to a duel between sprinter sacre and sire de grugy in what is set to be the standout race of the week.   her industries were not competitive.   he rips the gun control laws, one that banned the legal use of the oft-owned and very cheap but high-powered ak rifle.   heritage minister shelly glover swings a gas alarm following an announcement at the canadian war museum in ottawa in .   her journey away from exploitation started at the doorstep of a sanctuary run by the nonprofit organization the living water center.   her lover, gregory owen, who did the killing, is serving a life prison sentence and will become eligible for parole in .   hermanos offers a great dry but fruity wine that tastes like green apple.   her membership of left-leaning groups provoked suspicions of communist leanings.   her mom brought it back to the states when she was born it an out of the hospital ever say it's she has lung disease.   her mortality revealed, she questioned her existence.   her most recent performance was the leading role in 's "lady day at emerson's bar & grill."   her mother, catherine, is the duchess of cambridge.   her mother pushed her to study music, believing that myerson would be able to support herself later by giving lessons.   hernandez, who worked in a soho deli, confessed to police in that he lured the boy into the store's basement with the offer of a soda, strangled him and left his still moving body in a box in an alley.   her new book, "classical seattle," is due out this fall from the university of washington press.   heroes are complicated, they say, and life is not about easy -- or necessarily agreeable -- answers.   heroin and other opioids “went off like a bomb in new hampshire,” currivan says, adding that he has met with wealthy suburban housewives and desperate teens on the run, all struggling to escape the clutches of drugs.   her opposition came in response to a question from a drake university student attending a forum on prescription drugs.   her owner could not afford the £, surgery and was going to euthanise her.   her own testimony is highly anticipated, because despite their tense relationship, she was the mental health professional closest to holmes before the shooting.   her parents have been allowed to visit her for short periods, the news agency reported.   "her passage on earth, though so short, was brilliant and touched so many, her passing leaves a hole in our lives, which will not be filled," it said.   her photographs will be on display from february - march . paul mccartney, ringo starr, and john lennon sit together during a trip to rishikesh, india, at maharishi's ashram, where the beatles visited to study meditation.   her photo was chosen to be displayed in washington, d.c. as part of a child advocacy national photo exhibit.   her post to facebook attracted the attention of more than , people nationwide.   her prognosis is still critical, but we're hopeful."   her public racial identity came under scrutiny on thursday, june , in an interview with a reporter from cnn affiliate kxly.   her religion was weighing on her.   herrera's family was elated that he was found alive, fugal said, but they are declining interview requests.   her research group led both studies.   hersh portrays durrani as generally supportive of hersh's various conclusions.   her sister, rhonda labroi, encouraged her.   her son was later arrested there at home.   her story: this highly narrative game turns you into a detective, but it doesn't unfold the way a traditional puzzler does.   her truck was hit by a van trying to avoid a moose on the road.   he runs a media center and "radio fresh," a station funded by american ngos described as the only opposition station operating from inside syria.   her video data-mines vintage movies to find examples of the spoken word “indian.”   her weapon can be upgraded through branching options that feature over different abilities.   he's and it's his second season here.   he’s acknowledged the planet is warming up and something must be done to address it, yet he hasn’t publicly accepted the cause of global warming and is staunchly opposed to president obama’s executive actions to reduce carbon emissions.   he's a football historian who prefers not to consider his place in it during the season.   he's a good shooter, he works hard at it in practice."   he's a great person, and i'm really glad that he gets to experience that," said richard's granddaughter lane.   he said, "ai is much more advanced than people realize.   he said all levels of government need to come together to create a national housing strategy.   he said a "massive investment" is required to stimulate the economy, from bridges to broadband internet, which he said is "just as important as a road to your door."   he said: “an effective taiwanese submarine force would help protect the island against amphibious assault or blockade and conduct other naval operations that would increase security.”   he said because redstone is receiving regular medical supervision, the case need not proceed urgently — as herzer's attorney's requested.   "he said blacks were taking over the world.   he said former foreign minister john baird damaged his case when he said during a press conference in egypt that canada would not prosecute fahmy should he be turned over to canada, something fahmy called a diplomatic faux pas.   he said going on a run without richardson was especially difficult.   he said government needs to get of the way and power needs to be put back in the hands of the american people.   he said grade students were chosen because they're just starting to use money they make through babysitting jobs, paper routes or receiving gifts of cash.   he said he declined, got out of bed and moved to another.   he said he feels sorry for his accusers, claiming they've been manipulated by lawyers to lie.   he said he felt that he was “the real deal” for thanet, adding: “in this constituency it is a straight choice between myself and (conservative) craig mackinlay.   he said he had been buoyed by calls to his family and support from all over the league.   he said he hoped the march would send a strong message to anyone committing violence to "stop the senseless killings of our young people."   he said he is certain that the two countries can take bilateral relations to a new height.   he said he'll be vying for a chance at the slightly smaller top prize, too, just like he does every year.   he said he sees drivers texting and talking while driving all the time, and that makes his job much more dangerous.   he said he sped through stop signs trying to get away until, down the road, he and the suv driver came upon a mass of police cars.   he said he spoke with university officials over the summer about what accommodations could be made for students who need meals that follow religious dietary guidelines.   he said he's seen the neighbourhood change over the last twenty years.   he said he wants to see work being done for first nation people in saskatchewan and across the country who need it most.   he said he was hoping that firemen might arrive in time and put up a safety net but he was forced to jump before they had arrived after the heat got too intense.   he said he was saddened by leung's death but declined to comment on the killing.   he said he will wear a protective glove and be mindful of the stitches when he faces his former team.   he said he wished that subsequent silence could erase a story told out of immaturity.   he said his company had confirmed that the ship had left the iranian port with all crew members on board and all of its cargo, and that it was expected to arrive in jebel ali late thursday night or early friday morning.   he said his investigators lead the world, "in protecting the driving public from vehicle safety defects."   he said his public high school left him unprepared for the rigor of his classes.   he said: “i didn’t think we did great and the lads are not happy with the way things went but that’s gone now and we cannot do anything about it.   "(he said) 'if something happens to me, can you do me a favor?   he said: “i have been working hard in identifying the bikes and their riders and would appreciate any information people might have.”   he said in april, before formally declaring his candidacy, that he supported a $ minimum wage.   he said: "i spoke to some players before i left and some have gone to other clubs.   he said it had no further details to provide because the matter remained under investigation.   "he said, i think he said last night, they got a guy in centre field," said volquez, who is scheduled to start on wednesday in game of the alcs.   he said it in response to questions from abc’s diane sawyer, who asked whether republicans would continue their crusade to repeal the law.   he said it is her duty as a government official to comply with the law.   he said it's inevitable that more and more trees will come down given their age.   he said: “i wanted to be part of something new – to be involved in a project at the start of its operational stage.”   he said: "i want to make this point, there's been conservative candidates who have been suspended and indeed a labour candidate in london for fraud.   he said, “i was right there during labor, helping her breathe, every highly intense contraction, every second of pain, right there watching the actual birth, cutting the cord and wiping the tears.”   he said: “i went to the out-of-hours doctor who said i had a detached retina and i was then sent to queen mary hospital in sidcup where i couldn’t even see the eye testing chart.   he said large daf lorries, like the one involved in the crash, no longer work on pedestrianised areas which are now covered by box vans.   he said legislators who didn’t support the failed transportation funding package this past session probably won’t do it in an election year, either.   he said loyalists have "a strong presence" in marib and being a vast desert made it an easier option than mountainous taez, farther away from the capital.   he said members of the paramedic association blocked a main highway to protest and demanded the immediate recovery of the team members.   he said moscow was also playing with fire to use the downing of the jet "as an excuse to make unacceptable accusations against us", and accusing russians of "mistreating" turkish citizens who were in the country for a trade fair.   he said multiple agencies will be involved if the flu shows up here.   "he said, 'no, actually that was my dad's bear, that was his pet,' and at that point, he pulled out his father's diaries and photographs from the war, and started to really share the story publicly," mattick said.   he said no one's been injured or killed by his product.   he said no vaccine is percent effective, but the measles vaccine is very good.   he said nuclear research would not be frozen and military sites would be off-limits.   he said officials specifically want to look at why the jail population is so large when crime numbers are down.   he said oilpatch work is always boom and bust, but this time has been especially difficult.   he said omar died in a hospital in the pakistani city of karachi in .   he said one of his amendments would prevent the va from working with organizations that he said "take aborted babies and sell them."   he said one weakness of the study is its exclusion of students who had recently attempted suicide, so it is unclear how well the programs would have worked for students at the highest risk.   he said parachutes have been deployed on cirrus aircrafts in incidents, and are responsible for saving a total of lives, including the pilot in sunday's crash.   he said police isolated him in his office, but he could see what was going on as paramedics continued to work on wellman in an attempt to stabilize him for transportation to hospital.   he said police pulled him over because they were convinced sampson was a major drug dealer based on a tip from a confidential informant, but added that no drugs were found in his home.   he said rubio's plan has economic merits but political hurdles.   he said she wouldn’t have helped the inmates escape.   he said staff from their hotel was with them as they waited to be taken to a university shelter.   he said that his wife, now , was addicted to vicodin and had given the painkiller to their son about five times.   he said that in the s, hungary sheltered refugees from the wars in the balkans regardless of ethnicity or nationality, but there needs to be a distinction between those fleeing war and those fleeing poverty.   he said that isis militants targeted christians, some of whom were abducted from the town's dar alyan monastery, as well as people believed to have alliances with the syrian regime.   he said that it takes "a long time for interest rates to feed through, so policymakers need to look two years ahead.   he said that the -ride app will be one of a group of projects that seniors in his class can pick to focus on as their senior design project.   he said that the festival's organizers are always trying to strike a balance between established acts and lesser known artists.   he said the abuse of a child charge is "the tip of the iceberg," adding that detective work needs to be done.   he said the battle to be chosen as the official no campaign was a "one-horse race", with vote leave "almost certainly" going to be selected.   he said the bcc was waiting to see what shape reform proposals would take, and that it was down to uk politicians to explain to business what reforms they would be pursuing from brussels.   he said the biggest issues for his riding are the doctors shortage and health care.   he said the cause of death is not yet known.   he said the company is considering an appeal.   he said the days of two chicken house farms are over.   he said the defence's guilty pleas were hard won and therefore "insincere."   he said the designation of ebola as a global emergency is also necessary to speed up paperwork for the ongoing experimental drug and vaccine trials in west africa.   he said the elderly patriarch was not watching "csi" anymore.   he said the federal government would coordinate with coahuila authorities to assess "the damages caused and provide the necessary help."   he said the fighting erupted when is advanced close to the town, but the kurds called in reinforcements and were able to repel the jihadists.   he said the government turns a blind eye to sunni extremists in the country.   he said the man is believed to have lived in the apartment. : a.m. thai police probing bangkok's deadly bombing say they have discovered bomb-making materials during a raid of a second apartment on the outskirts of the capital.   he said the money was for "combined taxes, fees, charges and surcharges."   ”he said the national dialogue was a project to be done by independent and non-partisan individuals, not under a political party.   he said the pageant is paying an undisclosed amount for the right to use the song, which longtime host bert parks sang for years, starting in .   he said the party is now on a mission to bring "healing and unification" in east portland, stating that "it is a matter that we have to resolve".   he said: "the presence of the u.s. army in europe is not as immense as it used to be, it does not have to be so immense, but our allies must fulfil the tasks they were given."   he said the price agreed was competitive with those for gas supplied to countries neighbouring ukraine.   he said the provincial government would consider various measures, including highway tolls, in order to deal with the deficit.   he said the rating was not higher because of the upsurge in murders and williams was still on a learning curve.   he said the recovery was also being slowed because many workers — water tanker drivers, electricity company employees and labourers needed to clear debris — "are all gone to their families and staying with them, refusing to work."   he said there was no way his daughter would burn pages of the holy book, which has been cited as the motive for the horrific attack.   he said the rings would have to be sold on the black market or melted down.   he said the situation has improved and customer service agents are often able to negotiate a better price when people call to question the revised offer.   he said the suicide bombers were nigerians who came to cameroon as refugees.   he said the talks revealed a shared sense of urgency given recent gains by the islamic state extremist group and the al-qaida-linked nusra front, and "talk about fragmentation, radicalization and sectarianism."   he said the trial that began this week should be cut short, with an out-of-court settlement.   he said the trust has been "winding up" the estate since .   he said the u.s., britain, france and other allies should be "supportive," but he does not believe in putting american troops into combat there.   he said the voter lists were flawed and claimed that voters were being "either bribed or intimidated".   he said the women's legal team would meet next week to decide whether to appeal to france's highest court, or to wait for a related decision pending at the european court of justice.   he said they had just moved in together and wanted to get married.   he said turkey's generosity has a special meaning in a world where "so many borders are closed or restricted and where new walls are being built or announced".   he said u.s. troops need to be able to operate behind the lines in iraq and support the iraqi security forces.   he said vice reporters also went with rader on at least one overdose call.   he said: "we do not see these examples of panic in other cities."   he said, 'well if we have a game that weekend, i hope you come'," christie recalls.   he said women and children were among the bodies found inside houses and on the streets of the town, which is close to the border with turkey.   "he’s a lad who always wants to push himself to be better and i firmly believe that his best days are still ahead of him.   he's a living saint," said fernandez, who held a cellphone with a camera and wore a yellow shirt showing a smiling francis.   “he’s always been a political man,” says his childhood friend carlos ridruejo, a bank executive, who says zapatero’s leadership came less from his charisma or speechmaking than from his deliberate public argumentation style.   "he's amazing, just so sweet and wonderful.   he’s an honest man, a good muslim, he prays five times a day, and he’s from konya like us,” said ekrem bal, , twirling prayer beads outside a polling station.   "he's a quiet young man but we are asking him to be a leader and be vocal on offense and defense.   he's a real throwback to the robert mitchum/lee marvin school.   he's a republican rising star who swept into office in in a wave of tea party fervor.   he sat out two years while serving a prison sentence and an nfl-imposed suspension for running a dogfighting ring in his native virginia.   he sat there and drank coffee and didn’t do anything.   he's averaging . yards a carry this year.   he saw him pick up an object, put it over his shoulder and attempt to cover it with a blanket.   he's a wonderful role model for our youth, so it was important for us to celebrate him as well."   he says a high sodium diet can wreak havoc on a healthy body in many different ways: . hypertension hypertension, or high blood pressure, is a major contributor to cardiovascular disease.   he says a police investigation is underway and rescuers were continuing to search the area.   he says bad things.   he says electric cars are a step in the right direction, but alone they won't be enough to curb greenhouse emissions given the projected rise in demand for cars globally unless the way they are manufactured changes.   he says graffiti spikes happen after crimes, with groups seeking retaliation or when a gang-member dies.   he says he had nothing to do with the murder of altantuya shaariibuu, and has even sworn an oath to that effect on the koran in a mosque.   he says he has to wear a cotton glove and wrap an elastic wrapped around the pen to reduce the friction with his hand.   he says he's proud of his accomplishments and "the gallery is in good hands, and i wish the agns nothing but success in moving forward."   he says he tried to register to attend sunday's meeting.   he says he was spurred to write a blog post called burger loss after this year's guinness world record attempt, where more than , burgers were consumed on the island in a single day.   he says his group has seen more than a % increase in academic performance and school attendance of students in the program.   he says once his bike is fixed, he'll fly back to fort simpson then hitch-hike back to where his bike broke down near wrigley and continue his ride up the winter road to norman wells.   he says police must be "open to challenge" and officers must ask themselves, before they apply for "journalistic material", if it's relevant to the case under investigation.   he says recruiting foodies has become much easier.   he says that in an agreement was reached on the basis of madrid principles, which imply a compromise and enable azerbaijan to restore its "territorial integrity".   he says the current system hamstrings his staff and isn't customer-friendly.   he says the damage was done about a week ago, in the mayo road cut-off area, at the junction of the alaska and north klondike highways.   he says there are more than a dozen families who want to move to the north and many more who have inquired about it.   he says the storm system seems to be weakening. : p.m. dozens of homes have been destroyed by tornadoes on the outskirts of the oklahoma city area.   he says the two countries have agreed to cooperate better "and i expect this to happen immediately."   he says those who are using it are experiencing less paperwork and quicker test results.   he’s been doing everything he can to remind interviewers that james bond is a made-up character who possesses not only outdated views toward women, but also of british imperialism — a time upon which the sun has set.   he’s been fast in speed events all season.   "he's been fighting us the entire way, so that's not really something i can speculate on," said department of revenue spokeswoman molly petersen.   he's been joking around, having a laugh at the start of each stage and just seems to be in a good place mentally.   "he's been outstanding but up to this point he hasn't saved too many penalties," vancouver coach carl robinson said of ousted's play.   he's been playing the role of grumpy old man for years now.   he's bigger,'" maurice said in a statement.   he scored just below maimane, at %.   "he's doing the right thing."   he seemed not in a hurry at all," kasem told cnn.   'he seemed very cheerful afterwards.   "he seems to fire everyone up," nfra president sharron angle said of trump.   he seems to lack the broader appeal among ethnically diverse voters of obama, or even clinton.   he sees delivery as the next frontier in serving consumers that are more technology savvy than ever, and expect service providers to keep pace.   he served as acting director of the office of management and budget and, during his tenure at the white house's national economic council, developed an expertise in housing.   he served as class president at the school for three years.   he served as first deputy mayor and jobs czar under l.a. mayor antonio villaraigosa, and founded vision to learn, a nonprofit that provides free eyeglasses to children in low-income communities in california, delaware, and hawaii.   he served only one term, losing to democrat sheldon whitehouse in , but then successfully ran for governor of rhode island as an independent.   he's expected to offer them words of hope, forgiveness and redemption.   he’s going bolder and bigger with scripts mostly new to seattle audiences, and adding two actlab co-productions to act’s customary six-show mainstage season.   he’s going to be a factor whenever we use him in there.   he's going to be with world leaders and that's going to be a test," maioni said.   he’s going to turn a corner.   he's gone from a sprightly pounds at birth to approximately , pounds and become increasingly independent as he's gotten older.   he's got a quiet but strong influence in the team and he'll be sorely missed."   "he's got a short memory.   "he's got other positions that are a bit more controversial, but it's the pope."   he’s got something, that guy.   "he's got the energy, the drive," his owner brian edwards told nbc news.   he's got to be tired of it," adds rep. joe crowley, democrat of new york.   he’s had a couple of those in practices already.   he’s had a few conversations about potential programs with dpr.   “he’s had to adjust to it.’   he shamed my power.   "he's happy that he's going to be in the teacher's class that he picked because they let him pick a teacher and that he's going to be separated from these bullies," she said.   he should be granted full immunity from prosecution.   he showed no hesitancy friday night, powering in a layup after aldridge swiped forcibly at his right arm as the -foot- forward drove headfirst into the lane.   he showed us a min video of gravity, a google wave extension that facilitates real-time, collaborative development of business processes.   he silently gives marlow a letter, then sings the words, “i am glad” over and over, obsessively.   "he's in a difficult position where his current arguments aren't enough to get beyond his core voter."   he's in front of a small, yet attentive crowd engaged in one of his favorite pastimes -- bashing president barack obama.   "he's innocent until proven guilty."   he's just doing the things that people in iowa want to see candidates do." . some sanders buzz, plus a lot of disillusionment among younger voters i spent a good deal of time last week talking to younger voters, and possible voters.   he's left devastated, however, when he's not part of the factory syndicate which wins the lottery … but his friends then come up with a beautiful surprise.   "he's my whole world," she said.   he's not an attorney, he's just a citizen.   he's not as dominant."   he's not yet launched a bid for president, but biden sent a well-timed signal of exuberance and political vitality on monday, leaving reporters and secret service agents in his wake as he jogged through adoring crowds on labor day in pittsburgh.   "he's now such a part of the tradition that it just seems like he would be a major force to really come up with a dynamic product."   “he's one dumb knighthood away from oblivion,'' kenny told sky news television.   “he’s one of the best running backs in the country, hands down,” auburn cornerback trovon reed said.   "he's one of the heroes in our community, with what he's been able to accomplish in the medical field," she said.   he sped down the expressway in los angeles, eventually coming to a surface street, where he became wedged between two cars.   he spends his free time drawing local churches, flowers and birds.   he spoke about some of the things investigators will be looking at as they sift through the debris "layer by layer": a vehicle they believe was in the garage of the house.   he spoke in at a manic, hyperbolic speed: the united states boycotted the summer olympic games in which city?   he spoke to about , attendees at the world congress of families in salt lake city.   he’s pretty dialed in on the wine side.”   he's purchased what he calls the "bmw of hovercraft," a -kilogram machine that can go backwards and forwards over land, water, grass, sand and ice.   he's really looking, he said.   he's right, and after spending time hearing him extol the virtues of toronto and the region hosting the games, you can't help but admire peterson's enthusiastic optimism.   he’s scheduled for surgery this week.   "he's screaming and yelling at the players, he's yelling at the parents," said tobin.   hesseln is currently fundraising to expand the outdoor pen at one of the facilities which is just outside of saskatoon.   he's since moved on to more grown-up projects, including the upcoming romantic drama me before you.   he's so calm in there, the way he handles the puck."   he stabbed two victims, then knocked on two classroom doors and stabbed two more victims.   he started off creating his signs in a shed at the bottom of his garden in livingstone road, gillingham.   "he started playing scrabble with his mom because she got sick of him beating her at cards.   he started to turn the stroller around in the crowd, but the second blast caught them.   he started working on game plan years ago when he first came to the job.   "he stayed with the company until .   he stealthily took soil and water samples, with the help of local residents, and carried them back to japan, where they could be tested for radon, uranium and other nuclides.   he's testified that he and his wife had no sexual contact that day.   he's their ceo.   he’s the latest in the line of belichick’s famed reclamation projects, which include randy moss and former washington husky corey dillon.   "he's the stiff one." . when interviewing fellow funnyman al franken, now a senator from minnesota, franken encouraged letterman to think about what he should do after he left the "late show."   he's the youngest climber to summit makalu in the himalayas, the world's fifth highest mountain.   he still has very fond memories of his time at the wb, where shows like "dawson's creek" and "buffy the vampire slayer" redefined storytelling for teen audiences.   he still loves his wife, though he's mad at her, mitchell said.   he still supports a path to citizenship, but wants to start with securing the border and end with letting people who are in the u.s. illegally stay.   he still thinks that “germany is number one."   he stripped down, jumped in and swam across.   he struck out six and walked one before leaving after pitches.   he struck out the side in the third and fourth innings, and took a no-hitter into the seventh before jhonny peralta smacked a two-out single to center.   he struggled at shenzhen where he failed to make the cut on -over par.   "he's trying to kick it down."   he successfully sued some aig executives in court and recruited away others to build his own rival insurance company.   he suddenly lost control of his pitches in , falling to - with a . era, and after starting at - with an . era was sent to the minors by the blue jays.   he suffered a concussion, bruised leg and facial cuts.   he suffered only minor injuries and did not need to be taken to hospital.   he suffered significant but non-life threatening injuries, and investigators waited for him to recover before they interviewed him.   he suggested the islamic state group or kurdish rebels could be responsible.   he survived several tryouts which began with more than players.   he’s very intelligent and is working on a career in filmmaking.”   he switched to his own name in .   he's worried about the health impact of the spray but also what he describes as a lack of consultation with residents by the province along with the city of delta and surrey.   he's written for publications such as forbes and fast company.   he tells me all of this in his home laboratory in amsterdam - surrounded by wires, computers and speakers.   he tentatively holds one of the four little cacti in a small pot and wiggles it.   heterosexual couples who are not married are not eligible for the visa either.   he then boarded the presidential helicopter for a flight through the mountains to meet merkel.   he then coached barcelona's reserve side.   he then goes to beijing on thursday to meet with his chinese counterpart.   he then refused to return the car to the owner when the owner couldn't cash the money orders, according to the sheriff's office.   he then signed a generation adidas contract with the league this winter.   he then slammed france for not doing enough to move the estimated , migrants on from the "squalid conditions" in calais who are living in the "faint hope" of reaching the uk.   he then walked out the front door.   he thinks the ideal "compromise" oil for cooking purposes is olive oil, "because it is about % monounsaturates, % saturates and only % polyunsaturates - monounsaturates and saturates are much more resistant to oxidation than polyunsaturates".   "he threw a fastball right there, put a good swing on it and it went out."   he told dw the measures don't deal with the major issues.   he told his wife to let him die at home.   he told investigators, that he actually hadn't even read the story.   he told me i like being a whore."   he told me: "it's freedom to act according to what is appropriate.   he told the crowd thursday night he first began using drugs in college.   he told the story of a roman prefect persecuting a church deacon, and demanding the church treasures.   he told the today programme on bbc radio they were principally visiting to see the museum's famous archaeopteryx fossil.   he told vanity fair that he tried to talk with republican presidential candidate ben carson, a famed neurosurgeon, multiple times.   he too echoed concerns of over regulation on the tech community.   he took a couple more rounds after that," skinner said, adding that the gunman then changed direction and entered a different room.   “he took off, hit the first run real nice, got the ball a couple of times.   he too was involved in the attempt to free belkacem.   he tried to obscure what he was doing with his jacket when he realized i was paying attention."   he tried to stake out the moral high ground from the get-go -- pointing to his "high ethical standards" and the fact that he's never had any "scandals."   he turned and roared to the crowd.   he understands that he got a stay and they won't take him out and kill him," weis said.   he understands the challenges of navigating latin america's complex business system, and building waterfront resorts during good economic times and bad.   he urged employees who encountered such treatment to report it to human resources or to him directly.   he urged people to be vigilant and exercise common sense when browsing offers sent via email or other messaging services.   he urged the obama administration to go back to the negotiating table to rework the main elements, something the obama administration says would be impossible.   he used a variety of baits to catch his fish thursday.   he used to emphasize the rights of big landowners who felt cheated by environmental programs.   he used to make a lot of arrests, but these days he spends most of his time just talking to people and handing out donated hygiene kits -- toothpaste, soap, deodorant, lotion and shaving cream -- and fliers that explain how to apply for housing vouchers.   he uses a wheelchair but that doesn't keep him from busting a move on the dance floor.   he vowed that japan will not give in to terrorism and will continue to provide humanitarian aid to countries fighting the islamic state extremists.   he vowed to stand with french in the fight against terror and defending freedom of the press.   "he wakes up in his pajamas and watches the tv shows on saturday and sunday."   he walks away and makes it about five paces before he pulls the phone out of his pocket.   "he wanted me to make a play," jones said, "and i did."   he wanted the location to be an everyplace, but he realized that in order to go deeper it had to become more specific.   he wanted to fight for our country and was always striving to be the best marine he could be."   he wanted to keep going."   he wants fast track powers to offer trade proposals that congress can ratify or reject, but not change.   he wants full control.   he wants to be a barber, and the school has a classroom where the students practice cutting each other's hair, with barber's chairs and pictures of various hairstyles on the walls.   "he wants to be with his brothers.   he wants to give you free community college.   he warned, though, that projects will go awry in the future; it's the nature of construction.   he was -for- for yards and two touchdowns with receptions by wrs larry fitzgerald (-), michael floyd (-) and john brown (-).   he was . photos: people we lost in actress betsy palmer died may of natural causes at a hospice care center near her home in danbury, connecticut, according to her manager brad lemack.   he was . known to many as the "google lawyer" or "google grinch," halprin was for over a year a central target of protest and ire after issuing ellis act evictions to tenants in seven units of a building he owned at guerrero street.   he was . people we lost in photos actress betsy palmer died may of natural causes at a hospice care center near her home in danbury, connecticut, according to her manager brad lemack.   he was . comedian john pinette, , was found dead in a pittsburgh hotel room on april . pinette died of natural causes stemming from "a medical history he was being treated for," the medical examiner's spokesman said.   he was . people we lost in photos dusty rhodes -- the rotund, easy-bleeding, easy-talking professional wrestler who billed himself as "the american dream" -- died june , the wwe said on its website.   he was . people we lost in photos australian-born actor rod taylor, who starred in alfred hitchcock's thriller "the birds," died on january in los angeles.   he was . photos: people we lost in famed chef paul prudhomme died october at age , according to the new orleans restaurant he owned, k-paul's louisiana kitchen.   he was . "manitoba lost a true champion for social justice today," said current premier greg selinger.   he was . the cause of death wasn't immediately known.   he was . lee, credited for transforming the colonial trading post into a prosperous financial center, was admitted to a hospital in february with severe pneumonia.   he was able to remain invisible for a long time as he battled the demons within.   he was accompanied by the powerful orchestra of st. luke's, with many of his old classics arranged by conductor rob mathes.   he was advised that due to the fact that she used to live there and she had his permission to enter the residence.   he was also blamed for the corruption and incompetence that seeped into iraq's u.s.-trained and equipped armed forces, after he replaced top sunni commanders with his own loyalists.   he was also suffering from depression and was not taking his prescribed medication.   he was also suffering from diarrhea.   he was always positive, joyful, practical, and extremely smart.   "he was always there for all of his teammates.   he was a man of incredible wisdom and profound insight whose patriotism was never in any doubt.   he was a member of pine grove baptist church, where he served as deacon and church clerk for years.   he was a member of the coaching team of the canterbury-based crusaders when they won super rugby titles in and '.   "he was an arch-terrorist who killed a young girl by fracturing her skull and had continued his terrorist activities after being freed," she told military radio.   he was an assistant coach for elc football.   "he was an exceptional england captain, is an authoritative voice on the modern game and has a wealth of experience building successful teams.   "he was an ordinary young man, he played football, went fishing, he worked to make a living," cheddad said.   he was arrested about four hours later.   he was arrested in april in connection with an armed robbery and ultimately sentenced to probation.   he was assessed and transported to gw hospital for treatment.   he was attending the utoya camp for the first time.   "he was basically being fed by a tube and he had a (tracheotomy) in place."   he was born a year after the second oslo accord was signed in taba, which set up an interim palestinian self-governing authority for the west bank and gaza.   he was born june , , in the bronx, ny, the son of the late john jr. and evelyn (bellows) gilbert.   he was charged last week with nine counts of wire fraud and two counts of theft.   he was charming enough and clearly loved the attention.   he was cited for his efforts during the civil war battle of fort wagner, s.c., in june .   he was co-founder in of the tunisian fighting group in afghanistan.   he was convicted and sentenced to die for the may fatal beating of james syvertson, who was attacked, robbed and had his car stolen from his shop in tyler.   he was convicted of kidnapping for the purpose of extortion, first-degree robbery, first-degree burglary, false imprisonment and elder abuse.   he was convicted of killing a former neighbor, holly flannery, her -year-old daughter kylie and a landscaper, thomas gaudet.   he was covered in blood, with wounds all over his body.   he was dealing with his drink problem and anger management in prison.   he was detained in a police ambush in the capital on wednesday, the spokesman said.   he was diagnosed with a condition called craniosynostosis when he was two months old.   he was educated and well dressed, yet still lived in his dilapidated childhood farmhouse in a tiny village on moldova's border with ukraine.   he was expelled from the communist party and arrested in december before being formally charged in april.   “he was fine,” cardinals coach bruce arians said of palmer’s mindset.   he was fired this week for confronting macmillan during intermission at a benefit concert sunday.   he was flown by air ambulance to a hospital in winnipeg, where he remains in serious but stable condition.   “he was getting beat really good, but he kept wrestling the whole time,” webster said.   he was gifted with a great classical physique, a prodigious talent and an utterly unmistakable voice."   he was granted bail on condition that he keeps the peace and not to interfere with the investigation.   he was held in edmonton until he lost an extradition fight claiming the u.s. had no jurisdiction in the case and was brought to new york city on friday.   he was her older brothers' best friend.   he was honorably discharged from the united states navy.   he was hospitalized in houston in december for about a week for shortness of breath.   he was impeached by the house for perjury and obstruction of justice, related to statements he gave regarding his relationship with white house intern monica lewinsky.   he was imprisoned in the s for political activism but continued to fight against south africa's apartheid government until the end of white-minority rule in .   he was in charge of consumer news for aol's personal finance site and was a senior editor at consumer reports.   he was instrumental in signing wynette, barbara mandrell and janie fricke to record deals.   he was just and had only been in the country a couple weeks, but he saw anger growing among those on the streets as people realized the end was near and the u.s. was pulling out its last remaining citizens.   he was killed as armed police stormed the eatery after hours.   "he was killed by false muslims," his brother, malek, brother told reporters.   "he was killed by false muslims," the brother said.   he was later diagnosed with a brain lesion and underwent surgery.   he was later released on his own recognizance, cnn affiliate wmc in memphis reported.   "he was loyal, fun, laid-back," said classmate tiarrah dottin.   he was making his second start after an oblique strain and was on a pitch count.   he was married with two children.   he was married with two grown sons.   he was most recently appointed chief operations officer for power solutions in july .   he was named france's athlete of the year in by influential french sports newspaper l'equipe, the only basketball player to ever win the award.   he was named the suffolk county police officer of the year in .   he was narrowly ahead of bayern munich and germany keeper manuel neuer, who had .%.   he was not injured, officials say.   "he was not loved, but respected," der spiegel said, noting schmidt's knack for pearls of wisdom.   he wasn't born here!   he wasn't flogged as scheduled in subsequent weeks, including this friday, his sister, samar badawi, said.   "he wasn't going to let it go unless somebody else could keep it safe."   "he wasn't sleeping in any cave or anything like that for three weeks, that's for sure."   he wasn’t supposed to be downtown—that was a condition of his release—but it was the only place where he knew how to function.   he wasn't the only one.   he was once a republican rising star who passed on an opportunity to seek the white house in .   he was one of a crowd of about people who jumped into the river in chuo ward just after midnight, ntv reported.   he was perched on a table in his pimlico design studio as a small army of seamstresses disappeared to take their lunch break.   he was plagued by vibrations a couple of times in the race and then, on lap of the -lap event, what he believed to be a loose wheel sent him to the pits under green.   he was preceded in death by his parents and brothers clark cecil erwin and robert dean erwin.   he was president barack obama's green jobs adviser in .   he was previously a cia counterterrorism analyst.   he was principal business reporter for radio television hong kong before the handover to china and has produced and reported for cbc and bbc news.   "he was probably more concerned with the health of his buddy, his crew member," than his ability to fly.   he was quite sure it was a eurasian tree sparrow.   "he was really amazed (the show) took off and he got to be a part of it," his wife said.   ' he was referring to the old testament story of joseph predicting famine and advising the pharaoh to store surplus food.   he was released on $ bail.   he was released wednesday night after posting a $, bond, county officials said.   he was released without bail, and has not been charged with anything yet.   he was rushed to hospital in critical condition, but police say he has since stabilized.   he was said to have abruptly dropped out of high school months before graduation and gone to libya, and there are suspicions he also visited iraq.   he was said to have thought the party would have suspended the contest, but backed down when it was pointed out that the move would have meant victory for mr corbyn.   he was selected to the ap all-america second team.   he was sentenced to eight years in following a military hearing in which he agreed to plead guilty to murder in violation of the laws of war, attempted murder, conspiracy, providing material support for terrorism and spying.   “he was slapping his tail and then i would slap my fins.   "he was so sound asleep he didn't move when we used the tranquilizer," she said.   he was stopped by provincial police and told to leave the bridge.   he was supposed to grow up and weigh about pounds.   he was suspended by the league for days while coaching in vancouver for trying to storm the calgary flames' dressing room to confront their coach bob hartley.   he was taken to burundi's feared national intelligence agency.   he was taken to hospital with minor injuries, say rcmp.   he was taken to royal university hospital with undetermined injuries.   he was taken to the hospital and was later pronounced deceased by medical staff.   "he was talking all the time about how he wanted to do better and make the place better."   he was then taken into custody by los angeles county sheriff's deputies after a judge revoked his probation.   "he was the one saying 'this is what people are experiencing, in these neighbourhoods.   he was the subject of an international manhunt.   he was transported to a hospital, according to officer jennifer coats, but further details about his condition were not immediately available.   he was unloading material from the silo into a truck when the silo "split" monday morning, plant managers said.   he was unsteady, with droopy eyelids and slurred speech, and had a white powdery residue under his nose, police wrote, adding that abdulazeez said the white substance was crushed caffeine pills.   "he was very comfortable; they were comfortable with him in there," coach pete carroll said.   he was wearing a white t-shirt, red sweat pants, red and white basketball sneakers and had a red and white drawstring backpack.   he went of for yards with a -yard touchdown to a.j. green and an interception that william gay returned yards for a touchdown.   he went on, “because he’s part arab, everything he says becomes acceptable, including the most atrociously racist things.   "he went to take a slice off for some toast, turned the loaf over and found the lizard stuck on the bottom."   he will also establish a "blue ribbon" panel to advise the government on policies and opportunities to make the province a national leader in innovation, and use revenues from electricity sales to other jurisdictions to lower rates at home.   he will also take on the role of lord chancellor.   he will appear wednesday, may , the opening day of publishing's annual national convention.   he will be questioned today.   he will continue to ride for sky until the end of april.   he will discuss rate increase requests and raw sewage overflow.   he will have lunch with of the inmates, including transsexuals, homosexuals, and aids sufferers, according to catholic television channel tv.   he will have to find ways to work alongside the liberal coalition government of civic platform and a small farmer party.   he will now return to switzerland to do some more practice before tournaments in istanbul and madrid.   he will probably get a two-week tryout to determine if he’s backup quarterback material for next season.   he will replace outgoing leader john gilbey, who chose not to stand in last week's local elections.   he wins most of those races, as well.   he won the freestyle world title in and last year was crowned red bull king of the air -- billed as the olympics of his sport.   he won the presidential election in may by a surprisingly large margin.   he won three points out of three in an emotional occasion at the k club in dublin as europe routed the united states by a nine-point margin.   he won with almost half the vote.   he worked for two weeks at a boot store, stocking inventory, but quit when reporters started calling the store.   he would also like to create some more explosive plays in the pass game.   he would be the first conservative prime minister to win a second term since margaret thatcher.   he would dictate his notes to me over the phone, from his maui home, seated in his wheelchair.   "he would have been the last person in new york city i would have wanted to see in a diversion program.   he would have been vilified," he said.   he would later die of his injuries.   he would “play guitar, and the cowboys would sing, and i would try to figure out the chords,” he said.   he would probably only change hairstyles if he was thinking of ditching the brand or reinventing himself, she said.   he wounded a policeman before being injured himself and was arrested.   he writes the daily blog "ken walsh's washington," for usnews.   he wrote for jay ward’s company for the series “rocky & bullwinkle,” “fractured flickers” and “the nuthouse.”   he wrote: “she was a lovely girl who infected everyone with her great spirit.   hexogon also delivered a stunning projection mapping show on the façade of the famous fullerton hotel and the iconic merlion statue during the marina bay singapore countdown event, held december , .   he yelled to the boy scouts, who were outside the cave, to leave and get help.   “hey, sweetie,” she said, detaching him gently.   hey, they're not dumping good food into a hole in the ground!   hezbollah militiamen and the army, aided by reinforcements, advanced closer to zabadani's center under cover of heavy artillery fire and intense aerial bombardments of insurgent hideouts, rebels and the army said.   hide caption of photos: bush v. gore: where are they now?   hide caption of the speech was obama's penultimate state of the union address.   hide caption of photos: how much sugar is in that drink?   hide caption of nasa astronaut scott kelly and russian cosmonaut mikhail kornienko will spend one year living on the international space station.   hide caption of photos: same-sex marriage in the u.s. shante wolfe, left, and tori sisson are cheered monday, february , as they become the first same-sex couple to file their marriage license in montgomery, alabama.   hide caption of growing older is an inevitable experience consisting of numerous lessons and changes.   hide caption of while local mainstream media remains tightly controlled, the inevitable rise of social media means singaporeans are increasing able to voice their opinions.   hide caption of china takes flight – currently, at least two new chinese fighter jets are being developed, including the chengdu j-, a successor to the chengdu j- fighter jet shown in beijing on december , .   hide caption of (cnn)here's a look at what you need to know about buddhism, the major religion of many countries in asia.   hide comments comments interested in contributing to public access?   hide / show comments dear seattle times: what is the targeted population level, i.e., number of buffalo, and how was this determined?..   hide / show comments very cool!   hiers was and mila . they married two years later.   higdon told host anthony germain that the rnc has been active on facebook for the last two years, and about a year ago, the force launched its twitter account.   higgins said any sense of closure will only come when “they catch whoever did this.”   higher income wage complain, as they pay exponentially more in premiums, and must adapt to less choices, more delays, and more top-down dictates about their healthcare services.   high-frequency trading accounted for percent of monday's total trade volume of . billion shares, according to tabb group.   high-growing varieties called hemp, which contain negligible levels of the drug thc, have long been grown to produce food and other products.   highland hospital received a $ check to use for future work site wellness initiatives.   highlighting how ericsson tried to make a deal with alcatel-lucent work, it also evaluated a joint bid with nokia with a goal of splitting up alcatel-lucent’s assets, a source said.   highly contagious norovirus on the rise across california "my son never had any trouble with the law.   'high penalties' since the emissions scandal began, volkswagen has been criticized by lawmakers, regulators, investors and customers frustrated at the time it is taking to get to the bottom of a crisis that has wiped almost a third off vw's market value.   high prices for food have people once again turning to their dachas, or small country houses, with their little fruit and vegetable gardens.   high school students in the study were times as likely to use e-cigarettes to vaporize cannabis as adults who use e-cigarettes, the researchers said.   highway crash kills teen driver near ayia napa the driver was rushed to paralimni hospital, but pronounced dead on arrival.   highways and public works minister scott kent says the school was built using a system which removes heat from the soil beneath the foundation under the building, so the permafrost doesn't thaw.   hiiragiya inn is not as old, founded in , but it also boasts an elegant tradition.   hikers text their plight the week-long ordeal began april , when the three hikers, benjamin still, , danielle varney, , and sean cahoon, , were dropped off.   hilary benn has made it clear he'd prefer to see labour have its own, separate campaign targeting the concerns of traditional labour voters.   hilary hanson news editor, the huffington post hans strand/getty images norwegian politicians have suggested refugees could be brought to a remote archipelago where polar bears outnumber human residents.   hildale is located around miles ( kilometers) south of salt lake city.   hillary clinton's campaign accused her rival of digital theft of voter data.   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos bill clinton kisses his wife after introducing her at the clinton global initiative annual meeting on september , , in new york city.   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos clinton gestures at a campaign rally november , , in denver.   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos clinton pours herself a cup of tea in while testifying to the senate education and labor committee about health care reform.   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos clinton walks up the steps to her aircraft as she leaves a meeting of the association of southeast asian nations on july , , in hanoi, vietnam.   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos hillary clinton looks on as president clinton discusses the monica lewinsky scandal in the roosevelt room of the white house on january , .   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos u.s. president barack obama and clinton observe a moment of silence before a nato meeting november , , in lisbon, portugal.   hillary clinton's email controversy gets mocked biker teases cops during high-speed chase moth lays eggs in reporter's ear on live tv what not to wear during a bank robbery sign language interpreter steals the show where have you been, putin?   hillary clinton's gender tightrope can rubio, bush both compete for latino vote?   hillary has a huge wall street problem.   hillary rodham clinton and her main challengers for the democratic presidential nomination are already on record as opposing keystone.   hillman had yards rushing, including a -yard touchdown run.   hill plans on seeing the movie when it lands in hay river, too.   hill's final season as da adam schiff was among the show's highest-rated.   hilton, on the other hand, feels that being successful in one area doesn't mean you'll succeed in another.   him telling any kind of straightforward narrative is a new thing.   "hi, my name is dax johnston," the post says.   hincapie has finished high school and earned bachelor's and master's degrees while serving years to life in prison, said his lawyer, ron kuby.   hind says many of them "stretched the definition of palladianism - almost to breaking point".   hint: it involves volcanos.   hirsi spent months in the prison-like camp, where, by his account, he was forced to sleep on the floor and was beaten repeatedly.   hirt committed suicide in july , before the nuremberg trials.   his -year-old girlfriend was taken to bay area hospital and treated for multiple burns.   his -year-old daughter, jane, had lost a leg and was in danger of bleeding to death.   "his act of kindness allowed her to teach the next year and did so for thirty years," the councillor's facebook post went on to say.   his age and hometown haven't been released, and it's not known if he has an attorney.   his alleged crimes and the manhunt landed him on the fbi top ten fugitives list.   his arm in a sling and his eye bruised, the -year-old stone has said he was coming out of a deep sleep when the gunman appeared.   his arrest coincided with the san francisco arrest of a five-time deportee on murder charges, sparking heated political debate about border security.   his arrest stems from an investigation into a -year-old's cell phone calls that was initiated with the consent of the girl's mother.   his attorney has denied the charges.   his bail conditions include wearing an electronic tag, complying with a night-time curfew at his home in hounslow, west london, carrying a mobile phone at all times to answer calls from police and reporting to hounslow police station three times a week.   his best finish is a second-place tie this year in the puerto rico open.   his bills are small — in march, his utility, dominion virginia, billed him $..   his body was identified this week, as met police officers continue to appeal for information.   "his brain is not the same, his head is not the same.   his campaign platform is built on his desire to provide credible leadership, with a strong focus on accountability, transparency and good governance.   his career almost didn't happen, he said.   his chip left him feet to the cup, while lingmerth was on the green in two.   hiscoe says her son has two more rounds of chemotherapy left.   his comments are the latest in a slew of comments from unnamed officials, speaking to the media in recent months who have pointed the finger of blame at china.   his comments at the two events not only caused more controversy, they also demonstrated that he sees things differently from other people.   his comments come as legislation for the uk's first referendum since on staying in the union passed its fist hurdle in the house of commons this week.   his comments drew immediate criticism, but in the weeks that followed trump insisted they had not hurt his popularity among latinos.   his comments expanded on information the associated press received from a senior russian diplomat earlier in the day.   his condition is stable -- he is fine -- but he'll be in a neck brace," spokesman jim mcgrath tweeted on wednesday evening.   his congressional district includes part of western ohio.   "his continual perseverance in the face of these trials — never giving up — is something all of us americans should be inspired by, especially when going through a valley in life."   his credits for that were based on tabletop shots of paper money on fire.   his current clients include gao yu, a veteran journalist accused of leaking state secrets, and pu zhiqiang, a famous human rights lawyer who may soon face subversion charges.   his dog gets discovered by movie producers and is hired as a performer.   his drive and energy contributes to continual innovation and development in the packaging world; something that motivates him to continue working hard.   his effort all season long for me has been tremendous."   his eight-year-old daughter has had little time with her dad this year, and gill says his wife stays up all night calling to make sure he's safe.   his election campaign promise to fight corruption was also not implemented.   his entire being is wrapped up in the house, a physical representation of his heritage and a symbol of his personhood, and it's all in jeopardy.   his era rose from . to ..   his essays drew response from readers around the world grappling with terminal illness.   his family also posted a statement on his facebook page confirming the -year-old's death.   his family and band members say they appreciate the support they received during this difficult time.   his family converted the lounge into a room for him while melanie turned her bedroom into the family living room and slept on a mattress on the floor.   his family lives in the house adjoining the workshop, and ceretti saves money by using spring water rather than tap, and wood stoves for both central heating and cooking.   his family said that he was "in a bad mood" the night before he died after returning home from a meeting about the curriculum change, a statement from the education ministry said thursday.   his family told cnn in january that they have long known that levinson worked for the cia, and they said it's time for the government to lay out the facts about levinson's case.   his family told khon that most of his leg had to be amputated.   his famously resilient body has finally worn down from the accumulated grind of seasons and several lengthy postseasons with the lakers, including five nba title runs.   his fate is fully dependent on the verdict in the retrial or a possible pardon.   his father dimitri bontinck, a former belgian soldier, eventually went to syria and rescued him.   his father named him ariunbaatar, which means “pure hero.”   his father's favorability ratings have also climbed in the last year, from % last june to % now.   his february collection's signature rebelled against wartime uniforms, austerity and fabric restrictions — the waist was cinched, calves were shown and busts were celebrated.   his fellow brothers and sisters from the fire department said the support from the community is overwhelming.   his file includes one reprimand letter for accidentally leaving his gun in a public bathroom in .   his film roles became increasingly sporadic, and those he did accept were in films he would later dismiss as "rubbish".   his first engagement after rushing home from brussels on thursday was an open air pop concert celebrating the revival of the ert state tv station, closed exactly two years ago under cuts ordered by the country's eu and imf lenders.   his first marriage fell apart, he lost his job and got into debt.   his first short story, "the hades business," was published in a school magazine when he was and was published commercially two years later.   his first visit to germany since taking office was meant to reduce heightened tensions between athens and berlin.   his friends all loved him.   his fundraising is in a similar place compared to other candidates: paul's latest campaign finance report showed that he had raised $ million from , donors -- not top-tier, but not at the bottom, either.   his ghost tour continues: the newmans, the keeslings, the mcfaddens – neighbours he says are all gone and aren't coming back.   his girlfriend’s stepfather booked the flight to ibiza under adam west by mistake, reports the daily mail.   his head hits a metal chair on the way down.   his heirs, son kim jong il and grandson kim jong un, have held the central role in the party, although their official titles have all differed.   "his helmet has an umbilical cord on it, with the oxygen, that's attached right to him.   his hit track “thinking out loud” is up for record of the year, song of the year and best pop solo performance.   his huskies meet notre dame in the women's championship game for the second straight year.   his inspections came after national media ran the story of a six-year-old boy who died from a suspected case of dengue fever.   his interview was conducted on may . officer flanagan is one of the responding officers that shot at zambrano-montes.   his investigation brings lowe and his wife, alex (chloe sevigny), to the hotel cortez in downtown los angeles, which is owned by deadly countess (lady gaga).   his is just one of many stories about the often ignorantly enforced "real name" policy at facebook, which has recently drawn the ire of the drag community, many of whose members use their stage/drag names amongst friends in everyday life.   his isolationist policy alone demonstrates how out of touch he is with the global politics.   his itinerary carefully devotes the same amount of time to the rich as it does on the poor.   "his kids didn't even know he played," stutman said.   his landlord booted morrison because of an estimated $, in unpaid rent and expenses.   his last appearance came in tuesday's johnstone's paint trophy southern area final first leg defeat to bristol city.   his late father set aside money in his will to help build a new pool at the powel crosley jr. ymca.   his latest book published in january (written with dr. daria kuss) is "internet addiction in psychotherapy" (palgrave press).   his latest project is a working scanner and printer in which a lego electronic eye scans a photo and a robotic mechanism builds a mosaic of the picture out of tiny tiles.   his lawyer jessie smith told reporters in melbourne he was "interviewed, released without charge pending further enquiry".   his lawyers have argued he is not criminally responsible because he was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder after six tours of duty at the time of the killing.   his lawyer will now argue next week the state has bungled the case and all charges should be dismissed.   his life changed dramatically years ago when his tribe was forced off its rainforest reserve by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc) rebel group.   his main goal, he said, is to have a computer for every student at the district.   his managerial road started at brechin city before reaching its peak on thursday night.   his masterpiece, "i steal pencils," is one of my favorite poems.   his mentor was another holocaust survivor.   his mother, diane, framed the questions with a simple, but challenging statement.   his mother gave birth to him in detention on june , , and was killed shortly after.   his mother was listed by texas authorities as a missing person after her son's disappearance, and the authorities said they believed she was assisting her son.   his name came courtesy of the family’s online contest, in which a woman from missouri submitted the winning moniker, but the misspelling — it should be pharaoh — wasn’t noticed until the name was already official.   his new book, published this month, is titled “home grown seattle: true tales of local food & drink."   his next single hi ho silver was another top hit.   his ninth four, through mid-on off anderson saw smith to a -ball hundred.   his no-hitter against the chicago cubs on saturday calmed some of the concerns about his trade value after he pitched poorly in his previous two outings.   his older brother, renowned sports writer hugh mcilvanney, has previously said william's writing always represented the voice and experience of ordinary folk but also their "great intelligence" and "vivid expression".   his only option is to try and jump the fences until he makes it.   his other honors included the ruth lilly poetry prize for lifetime achievement and a national book critics circle award.   his own son, james, is among the disgraced trio.   his parents, ian mercer and laurel harper, divorced in los angeles in when he was a teenager, according to public records, and he continued to live with his mother.   his parents were charged with hindering the apprehension of a criminal even though he didn't live with them and hadn't seen them in several days, johnson said.   his passenger, preslie dufour, , died in the crash.   his phone had been soaked, so he borrowed one to call his wife.   his plan went awry when reasonable doubt became a hit, going on to sell . million copies in the u.s. jay z and his partners at roc-a-fella negotiated a lucrative joint-venture deal with def jam recordings.   his plight is not unusual as thousands wait for social housing across nunavut.   his presidency would focus on cutting regulations and government jobs in an effort to jump start private sector hiring.   his program had become a pipeline to the nhl with players such as jonathan toews (chicago), matt greene (los angeles), t.j. oshie (st.   his psoriasis plaques started coming back when he quit eating the herb.   his psychologist has suggested the father practice buddhism, hoping that the faith could help ease his suffering.   his rank was revoked after an investigation found he took bribes to facilitate promotions.   his rationale is that illegal parking is just as illegal at night as it is during the day.   his replacement, tharold simon, got torched by brady for much of the remainder of the contest.   his replacement, tharold simon, got torched by brady the rest of the way.   his republican opponents can’t get to the right of trump on any of these issues—and they can’t constructively debate him—because he has barely thought through the details.   his restaurant ryozanpaku has won and held two michelin stars since .   his return this season has gone better than many fans expected, but the demand for his memorabilia has yet to recover, according to experts.   his rhythm and timing wasn't there and we knew that.   his road to relevancy this time won't be easy, however.   his role included recruiting "young and vulnerable individuals from europe", they said.   his rule resumed five years later after his forces defeated the then-president in a brief civil war.   his score of seven points was enough to beat both of his giant-killing opponents, mickey thomas and nigel jemson.   his shooting came one month to the day after two arizona men, claiming to be members of the islamic state of iraq and syria (isis), were killed by police in garland, texas, as they opened fire at a "draw muhammad" cartoon contest.   his show grew more experimental over time, and that viral weirdness manifested during pre-production of the late show this summer.   his skull had been fractured in two places.   his spokesman, devon puglia, said the administration is continuing to work with federal officials and await guidance as "they develop procedures following the tragedy in paris."   his staff — all chinese but one — works behind unruly stacks of paper in a long room with stained gray carpet.   his statement closely follows an emergency nato-meeting, called at ankara's request amid an escalation of violence between turkish security forces and kurdish pkk militants.   his strongest supporters were stunned," said rep. tim huelskamp (r-kan.   his supporters staged two large public sit-ins in cairo, which were broken up by police on aug. , , with hundreds killed.   his suv had collided with a motorcycle that struck a -year-old pedestrian, awsaf alvi islam.   his "tactics" are simply to keep attacking symbolic targets that will fidgety-fuss the west and make us think he's a reincarnated ivan the terrible.   his team uses fingerprints and dental records as well as dna to find out who they have recovered.   his tie for th at the masters gave him some respite, but the two missed cuts at the opens are a huge blow which will raise even more question marks over whether, five months shy of his th birthday, he is a spent force.   historically, elections that focused on foreign policy and national security boded better for republicans.   historically, it has been a challenge for both political parties to find common ground on taxes.   historically, the s&p has advanced three out of every four decembers.   historical significance: abortion is legal in all states.   “history continues to be written and equality marches forward with the nomination of an openly gay man to serve in this significantly important role,” said ashley broadway-mac, president of the american military partner association (ampa).   history is pointless to people that deny it.   history of infrastructure funding projects like the st. lawrence seaway and the trans-canada highway were funded in this way, and the central bank also underwrote canada's second world war effort as well as the building of hospitals and universities.   history of marijuana in america photos research scientist dr. reese t. jones, right, adjusts the electrodes monitoring a volunteer's brain response to sound during an experiment in that used a controlled dosage of marijuana.   history of marijuana in america photos people share a joint during a concert in portland, oregon.   history teachers would know to include figures such as king or jefferson in the appropriate lesson plans, it argued.   "history, they say, is written by the victors," the leicester team remarked.   his trial will last several months.   his truthful speech touched me then, and he continues to fight for transgender people now.   his tweet read: "the mizzou family stands as one.   his vehement denial coupled with a lack of forensic evidence, according to rams' lawyer, resulted in his acquittal.   his vehicle flipped over and caught on fire at the circle drive cloverleaf on the south end of town.   his views came just after the rousing speech by andrew neil when opening the bbc show the week on thursday in which he dismissed the terrorists as "scumbags" who would not succeed in destroying democracy.   his views were also criticized by the families of sufferers, who accused him of insensitivity.   his voice sounded off, like “something you hear in the movies,” danya would later describe.   his was the latest in a long string of prosecutions for crimes committed under adolf hitler's regime during world war ii.   his wife accepted the award on his behalf, saying it was dedicated to his children in the hope they would grow up in a free syria.   his wife, katie died in may, in what police call a freak accident.   his wife responded, 'don't say 'yuppie' that loud, you'll get shot.   his wife's battle was only known within an intimate circle of family and friends and other players at the club were unaware why he was unavailable for selection, the player said.   his wife works as a principal at a local school.   his words were echoed by his supporters.   his work for princess diana involved daily contact with officials at all levels up to head of state.   his work, "la lumiere interieur du corps humain (internal light of the human body)," was created as he battled cancer.   his writing has appeared in national review, fox news’ opinion section, the daily caller, politico and elsewhere.   his xoxo stabler foundation raised funds for causes such as the cystic fibrosis foundation and habitat for humanity, according to its website.   hit for six by speech however, howe was perhaps more notable for his part in thatcher's political downfall.   "hit the brakes, you moron," the police officer says.   hka, marketing communications e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   hm revenue and customs had concluded that paul bloomfield, a property investor involved in the redevelopment of wembley stadium, was a uk resident and liable for years' tax.   hodge also warned that labour had to "have the guts" to talk about why migration could be a good thing.   hodge and côté have been in court for years, trying to fight for the right to sell their syrup to whomever they please.   hoeven says senators support the measure, four less than the needed to override a veto.   hoey and corey shephard led the spartans with points apiece.   hoffman and a fellow cafe employee, joel herat, , said that they hid knives used for unpacking boxes in their apron pockets and considered trying to stab monis, but decided it was too risky.   hofstra university in hempstead, new york, will be a backup site.   hogan noted that monday's market movements marked the seventh time in days that the s&p attempted to break its closing high of ,..   hokkaido and oita were the only two governor races to pit candidates backed by abe's camp against major opposition parties including the democratic party of japan (dpj), which was ousted by abe's camp in after a troubled three-year reign.   holder told the crowd at a meeting hosting by al sharpton's national action network.   hollande has been under political pressure to take action against is after a series of jihadist attacks in france, and fears over hundreds of citizens who have gone to wage jihad who could return home battle-hardened and vengeful.   hollande noted anti-semitism and acts against muslims are both on the rise in france, notably after the attacks last month in paris that left people dead, including the three gunmen.   hollande said the french people "were the victims of an exceptional terrorist attack.   hollande spoke by phone with us president barack obama, who gave fresh assurances that spying on european leaders had ended, while france's foreign minister summoned the us ambassador for a formal explanation.   hollande told the firefighter "a lot of concerns remain," saying the attack could have prompted a devastating explosion.   hollister has agreed to pay $ million for the property and set aside $. million to relocate the prayer house.   hollywood reporter taraji p. henson as cookie lyon on "empire."   holmes and cruise, who were married for five years, have one daughter.   holy redeemer , nanticoke the royals jumped out to a - lead and never looked back.   home ashford news article ashford gambler wins £k on coral accumulator, predicting wins for chelsea, manchester united, tottenham and wolves.   home ashford news article early sign of things to come as daffodils burst into bloom in a front garden in riversdale road, south ashford has spring already sprung?   home dartford news article madplay in charles street, greenhithe, evacuated after fire in alleway children and parents were evacuated from madplay soft play centre in greenhithe after a bush was set alight in a nearby alleyway this afternoon.   home dartford news article mother of murdered natalie jarvis, from swanley, appeals for help after losing pendant holding precious pictures a mother is appealing for help after she lost a pendant holding photos of her late daughter.   home economics for all twenty-two years ago, home economics became a core course, like science and math.   home / entertainment news nicole richie rocks turquoise hair for photo shoot the designer is well known for dyeing her hair different colors.   home faversham news article that’s our stench, shepherd neame brewery confesses to faversham residents shepherd neame brewery has admitted being the source of a “horrendous stench” which can be smelt across faversham.   home gravesend news article police involved after year pupil brings knife to riverview junior school in gravesend a nine-year-old pupil caused alarm when he brought a knife into his primary school.   home gravesend sport article billy bricknell leaves ebbsfleet united billy bricknell scores against bromley in the play-off semi-final picture: andy payton billy bricknell has left ebbsfleet united.   home kent news article live breaking news from kent by kentonline reporter welcome to our live news blog.   homeless travis smith is accused of killing -year-old mr wallis who was found dead at his home in clarence row, gravesend, on sunday evening.   home maidstone news article brigid coady wins joan hessayon award for new writers for no one wants to be miss havisham a commuter who wrote her first novel on a train has won a literary award.   home maidstone news article drink-drive charge after car crashed into hedge on tovil road, near courtenay road, maidstone a man has been charged with drink-driving after being arrested following an early-morning crash which shunted a car into a hedge.   home maidstone news article maidstone: broomfield road in leeds closed after hole discovered in road a burst water pipe has led to a hole opening up in a road in leeds.   home maidstone sport article maidstone rugby club are only three wins away from a twickenham final when they face diss in the intermediate cup maidstone rugby club are only three wins away from a twickenham final.   home medway news article number of drug-related deaths rises in medway a team of experts has been set up to tackle the rising number of people in medway who die as a result of taking drugs.   home medway news article pupils lit a candle at chatham synagogue for holocaust memorial day a candle to remember those who died but also symbolise a lighter and brighter future was lit by school pupils in the midst of poetry, prose and song.   home medway sport article peterborough united gillingham - match report gillingham conceded a last-minute equaliser at peterborough on saturday.   home minister rajnath singh, who was once an rss official and went on to lead the bjp, is now pushing for a nationwide ban on cow slaughter.   homeowners have two main options when it comes to backup power – portable generators and automatic standby generators.   homeowners who get water directly from the river are being told to run their taps to remove any stagnant water from the lines.   homer castor, who faces charges in the beating death saturday of gerald propp, , was known to be a challenge to staff at atria applewood in lakewood because he would wander the facility at night.   home sellers rearrange furniture to make rooms look bigger and bake cookies to fill the air with a homey aroma.   home sheerness news article swale business awards aims to celebrate borough businesses large and small by times guardian reporter more than firms have already registered an interest in entering the swale business awards .   home thanet news article dreamland announces new ghost train ride for halloween following the announcement of the scenic railway opening, a new ride is joining the list of attractions for screamland.   home to nearly million people, nigeria's economic nerve center constantly attracts big numbers of people pursuing fortunes and dreams.   home topics reporters home what holds you back?   home tunbridge wells news article tunbridge wells: crews battling fire in liptraps lane diversions in place by annabel rusbridge-thomas a family escaped from their tunbridge wells home after a fire started in one of the bedrooms.   homicide bureau detective kevin acebedo tells kabc-tv it appears the skulls were used in the homeowner's religious practice.   honda saw sales rise . per cent from a year ago to , units.   "honestly, i think the media's more excited about him than anyone here."   honeycutt avenue runs a much shorter east-west corridor south of the railroad tracks but includes maricopa high school and two long-established churches.   honeywell is a leading global manufacturer of safety and automation solutions for residential and commercial applications.   hong kong (cnn)almost half of chinese food-processing plants fail to meet internationally acceptable standards, new figures suggest.   "hong kong has changed so much since my childhood.   honorary mention: so maybe this is not related to her music or her fashion but it is still very, very important: beyoncé and aaliyah were on the red carpet together.   hoodline also has a bunch of details about prohibition, coming to broadway and kearny in north beach, which will feature high-end twists on american comfort food and is hoping to "change the demographic" of the neighborhood when it debuts late this year.   hooley, named the tournament's most outstanding player, returned to the lineup a month ago and was coming off a season-high -point performance against new hampshire in the semifinals.   hope for maya photos jwalant gurung (in tan pants) ran into maya and her father and brought them back to kathmandu for care.   hopeful chase the ace ticket holders jammed the arena in tignish, p.e.i., on friday night.   "hopefully now there will be some kind of movement toward that."   hopefully people will find love, compassion and forgiveness in all this."   hopefully this won't happen to anyone else."   "hopefully those are learning experiences.   hopefully we have some of the players we were missing this weekend to help us but the experience that our girls had this weekend could also serve them well in the future."   hopes for peace in ukraine rest on minsk summit .. fierce fighting has continued in eastern ukraine in the build-up to a key summit in belarus, bringing together leaders from ukraine, russia, france and germany.   hopes of a turnaround tuesday faded into realization that there is just no support for equities as the dow settled at levels first reached in the summer of .   hope was so anxious she chewed a hole in the door trying to get to me.   hoping to follow in the footsteps of joaquin phoenix as johnny cash in "walk the line," a whopping eight music biopics and docs were scheduled for release in toronto this week.   hopkins, who is from fort st. john, says she's decided to practice her residency there because of her attachment to her city, despite the high average costs of living adding to her already significant level of debt.   hopson said he is looking forward to spending time with his family and going to more roughriders games.   hopson said taking some time to pet-proof your home will keep your animals safe and help avoid a trip to the vet during the busy holiday season.   horgan won the qualifier, knocking the two northern teams out of the competition.   horizon declined by percent.   horns blared and hundreds of the rebel flags fluttered as more than , vehicles and some , people turned out for the "florida southern pride ride" in ocala, according to police estimates.   horry county officials reported that the event was winding down monday, with heavy traffic heading away from the beach.   horseplay: hasselbeck fights through injury sure, the colts lost sunday, but what about matt hasselbeck?   horton and the kwuggerbug and more lost stories, features four tales which originally appeared in a magazine in the s.   horwath told cbc radio's afternoon drive on wednesday that the government is wrong to believe it will be able to retain control of the utility.   hospital staff had alerted quebec's youth protection service to the case when the girl, weeks pregnant at the time, was escorted to the hospital by her mother for a medical exam.   hossain, , made his debut for the national team in , and has gone on to play in test matches and one day internationals for his country.   hotel sales to buyers with ties to china increased to four in from just one in , according to sales information provided to reuters by global hotel consulting firm hvs.   hotels also are the most resistant type of property to inflation because room rates can be reset at any time.   hotovely will manage the ministry's day-to-day functions, but netanyahu will remain in charge of foreign policy.   hough has actually spoken about her appearance in the beloved children's movie on more than one occasion.   hours after acquiring second baseman neil walker from the pittsburgh pirates for left-hander jon niese, the mets reportedly signed cabrera to a two-year deal worth $. million.   hours earlier gurr had wrongly accused mr davies of stealing £ cash from him and threatened to stab him “for fun” while waving a knife around.   hours later, amman and tokyo both anxiously awaited news on the fate of the men, as japan's foreign minister said the situation remained "severe".   "(house bill) is a wolf compensation legislation that increases the current amount of the tax credit from, i think, $, to $,,” said oca’s nathan jackson.   house democratic leader nancy pelosi supports the original language and believes it is "an important step in advancing the debate over human rights as the tpp is negotiated," her spokesman said.   households are using much of the savings from cheaper gasoline to pay down debt and build savings.   households spent an average of $ per month on their communication services in , up about $ per month — or . per cent — from .   house leaders consider it a major break of party loyalty, although democrats did score a rare victory recently by compelling a vote to resurrect the export-import bank, legislation a swath of republicans signed onto in support.   house minority leader kenton onstad, a democrat from parshall, and fargo democratic rep. josh boschee, the state's first openly gay lawmaker, said no one from their party threatened boehning about outing him as payback for his vote.   house minority leader nancy pelosi (d-calif.) right, prepares to take a picture in her capitol office with supreme court justices, from left, elena kagan, ruth bader ginsburg and sonia sotomayor, before a reception on march , .   house of windsor babies photos house of windsor babies photos prince george of cambridge arrives with parents prince william, duke of cambridge, and catherine, duchess of cambridge, for his christening on october , .   house speaker john boehner and other party leaders have supported scalise.   house speaker john boehner promised a fight.   house speaker john boehner (r-oh) addressed the report with a statement pointing out its shortcomings.   house speaker john boehner, r-ohio, said disapprovingly that obama's proposal would "tie his hands even further" than current law.   house speaker john boehner, r-ohio, said obama's economic initiatives weren't just "the wrong policies, they're the wrong priorities: growing washington's bureaucracy instead of america's economy."   "housewives are playing angry birds or farmville, not wii fit or guitar hero," he says.   housing is a key issue for the john howard society, which works with former inmates as they try to find stability outside prison walls.   houston's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown's condition, who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months.   houthi advances earlier this year forced yemeni president abd-rabbu mansour hadi to flee the capital sanaa and take refuge in aden before leaving for saudi arabia.   houthi rebels issue ultimatum to yemen's political parties .. in yemen, houthi rebels have issued an ultimatum to the country's politicians.   houthi shiite yemeni hold their weapons during clashes in near the presidential palace in sanaa, yemen, monday, …anytime we have a vacuum, any time we have chaos, aqap and other terrorist groups thrive.   houthis swept into the capital last year, sparking battles that left more than people dead in a month.   hovey said he asked chism whose blood it was and he responded, "it's the girl's."   how about them ducks?   how antibiotics operate penicillin damages bacteria's cell wall synthesis.   howard county police "can't confirm there was any sexual activity involved," spokeswoman mary phelan told the associated press on tuesday.   howard has been a mainstay in goal for the english premier league team and if not for a back injury two years ago, likely would have matched -- and exceeded -- neville southall's everton record of consecutive league appearances.   how are they able to sleep at night?   how are they potentially targeting black people and young black people in particular."   how are you dealing with the current situation?   how bizarre and again how unprecedented this is!   how can cell phone companies possibly process all that data?   how can i not be proud today?"   how can it be so funny?   how can it not be when we have holographic tech, real-time visual telecommunications, advanced cad software, and effortless d printing?   how can they think they are surrounded by enemies on all sides?   how can this do other than distort the findings?   "how can vw polish themselves off and move on?   how can we prepare ourselves for our lunches or, worse, our haagen-dazs caramel cone ice cream blowing up in our faces?   “how can you compare?” he said, with a laugh, evoking the difficulty of an oenophile picking a fine red wine.   how can you cut down?   how can you tell what happened, what the chairman was calling?" said tetsuro fukuyama, committee leader for the democratic party of japan.   how children's scooters transformed the school run children's scooters are growing in popularity.   how could governments heavily regulate, tax, and penalise fossil fuel companies when all such measures were being dismissed as relics of "command and control" communism?   how did i miss this all of these years?   how did it get so late, so soon?"   how did you get involve in filmmaking?   how does it work?   how do syrian refugees get into the u.s.? explaining the process updated gmt ( hkt) november , which states will welcome syrian refugees?   "how do you define success?" asks michael maduell, president of the u.s.-based sovereign wealth fund institute, a research organization.   how do you do that?   how do you feel about politicians making statements about your religion?   "how do you not notice him slip his handcuffs?   how do you parent a child who identifies as transgender?   how do you plan a world tour from a distance?   how do you raise $. billion?   however, games later it ended on the lush green turf, under the warm sun at desert oasis high school in las vegas.   however, percent of essure patients required reoperations later on compared to just . percent of surgical patients.   however, percent also reported experiencing technical difficulties in streaming content during the seven-day period.   however, a bill introduced in december by calgary mla moe amery aims to change that.   "however, a bottom in the higher-margin aerospace business could be pushed well into the second half ," he said.   however, according to amnesty, many use this pass to travel through macedonia and onwards through serbia, into hungary, with transport subsidised by the authorities.   however, a comres poll showed the general public was now more than twice as likely to say they have an unfavorable view of corbyn as favorable.   however, a jump in crude could be spurred by a worsening geopolitical situation in the middle east that will lead to questions about supply; if a so-called geopolitical premium creeps back into oil, a sharp spike could be in store.   however, allison said the west oakland bart station will be closed.   however, a new study from the arc center of excellence in coral reef studies in queensland, australia, says fish should be the no. answer on that survey.   however, another key player will be recently-elected european commission leader jean-claude juncker, who cameron last year tried to block from the role, without success.   however, a russian tv channel late on saturday quoted the wife of the co-pilot as saying her husband had complained about the plane's condition.   however, as a species, human beings have been so successful that we are threatening our own basis for existence.   however, as australia’s maiden entry in the annual jamboree of the camp, the catchy and the corny, watched by about million people worldwide, achieving victory will be tough — and a major upset.   however, as he indicates, he is a presbyterian, and is not an active member of marble," the statement said.   however, as investigation continues, they say that could change.   however, as jahabar sadiq writes, online journalism is struggling to be heard.   however, as natural gas prices remain depressed for the better part of the last decade, the gas city keeps moving further away from its wealth generator of the past.   however, as shakespeare put it, to beat or not to beat hillary, that is the question.   however, attacks on minority communities have increased with the rise of the islamic state, which regularly targets such sects in syria, as well as sunnis who it says have violated its interpretation of islam.   however, azerbaijan denied entry to several journalists and rights activists ahead of the european games.   however, casey believes this is a temporary situation.   however, colleges were given instructions that programs that evaluated poorly must find ways to improve.   however, company workers at the site near santa barbara were contending with "demands and distractions" and couldn't be reached by plains personnel based in bakersfield.   however, dunga’s team were unable to find a second goal.   however, during the s and s, genetic analyses unexpectedly revealed that humanity's closest living relatives were chimpanzees.   however, elm said, even though the forgery business is booming, "it looks like maybe the counterfeiters have overdone it."   however, even in the depths of the rain, drizzle and fog, at least the snow was melting … the snow took a little longer to melt along the west coast of the island, where it never really stopped falling last winter.   however, even the prosecutor called for him to be acquitted, saying that "neither the judicial enquiry nor the hearing have established that mr strauss-kahn is guilty".   however, ferber still cautions runners who spend their winters on the treadmill to cut their mileage in half when they finally get back out on the road.   however, few observers share the government's optimism, saying mistrust, a lack of political will and an entrenched culture of violence have undermined real progress toward peace in the world's youngest nation of million people.   however, fires outside that zone may or may not be fought, depending on an assessment.   however, for reasons not entirely clear, the actor won solely for "disraeli."   however, germany is determined to maintain sanctions against moscow despite some of its key industries being adversely affected.   however, gowdy on tuesday cast doubt on the reliability of the information in the memos, saying that it had not been vetted.   however, he acknowledges there is evidence that the disease can be prevented by increasing physical activity and losing weight - which can include restricting sugary drinks.   however, he also said that although eastern oregon provides the state with food and fiber, the west side of the state provides a tax base that supports state services.   however, he also said that only certain types of foamy soap could be used on the device, which will only be sold in japan for now.   however, he denied a motion by defense attorneys at the preliminary hearing to dismiss murder, aggravated assault and aggravated battery charges.   however, he has failed to win a six nations title in four attempts, finishing second each time, and critics have accused him of being out of his depth at the world cup.   however, hendrickson says journey will need to be fitted with custom socks, boots and braces for her feet so she can live a 'normal' and comfortable life in the future.   however he never made it there after being caught up in the blast at aldgate.   however, her campaign has launched an online ad entitled "mark kirk's outrageous statements," highlighting not only the recent comments, but exaggerations he told about his military record that became part of his campaign for senate.   however, he said the airport is hoping the impact will be minimal, with number of southern destinations is on the rise, with sunwing adding a weekly orlando flight from deer lake.   however, he saw a lighter side of the incident later, posting that there was "heavy air traffic in italy" on his instagram account.   however, his support for a carbon trading scheme, gay marriage and an australian republic have made turnbull unpopular with his party's right wing.   however, his words were: "their value proposition was: 'make it whatever you want.   however, houthi officials said they were still in control of al-anad air base, which has served as the rebel group's center for operations in southern yemen.   however, if chu gives wang a consolation prize of a fourth term as legislative speaker, the two factions will cross swords as they battle for dominance.   however, if customers don’t set up overdraft protection, the bank still doesn’t penalize them and simply denies the charge.   however, if the film turns out to be a hit, "it will be used as evidence that you can get away with this kind of thing and that you shouldn't take the 'risk' of crafting a movie such as this one with ethnically-accurate casts," he said.   however, i'm best known as the co-founder/editor of monk: the mobile magazine, which, from -, i peripatetically published from the dashboard of my -foot “monkmobile.”   however, in , three different experts from the alabama department of forensic sciences couldn't determine if any of those bullets were fired through the revolver taken from hinton's home, or even if they had been fired from the same gun.   however, in an email to cbc, ford canada said there are no technical service bulletins for - model year escapes regarding paint flaking or bubbling.   however, in the age of information, utilizing tools like hashtags is an effective way of getting your messages out there and spreading your activism world wide.   however, in the past few weeks the general mood in the oil market has improved, with most industry watchers saying prices could rise further from now on.   however, in this case the girls involved were not suspected in advance.   however, it also has a dark side.   however, it does not seem these tests are necessarily keeping people without genetic risk factors from having the procedure.   however it plays it, the new land grab is on--for both platforms and the new app channels.   however, it's a rule the general director of ste-julie's sports and cultural centre refuses to bend on, even for a man without a hair on his head.   however, its unwillingness to revise its humility, a few days ago i searched the internet resources in the search for specific knowledge.   however, it was something of an exaggeration.   however, it would not be the first time if the green shoots of hope were to be trampled on rapidly by interested parties," steinmeier said.   however, just because a lot of people are familiar with albertsons, doesn't mean the stock is worth buying—or at least not at the price where it is expected to come public.   however, king’s fans last year noticed that some performances were increasingly erratic, and he canceled remaining dates in october after falling ill at a show in chicago.   however, lawrence also pointed out that building with wood can still have its benefits if carefully planned out.   however, many jamaicans did not support the suggestion of the name change.   however, merkel was not in line for the credit this time, with the un refugee organization unhcr and eritrean priest mussie zerai - an advocate for eritrean refugees - tipped as joint contenders for the top spot.   however, modifications had to be made to the engines to ensure that they'll work on the sls.   however, monaco — who were third in ligue last season — struck four times in devastating second-half minutes to inflict a crushing - aggregate defeat on the swiss capital club.   however, nearly , tonnes produced annually only cover a third of the needs of the country’s nuclear power plants.   however, net profit after minority interests rose percent to . million egyptian pounds ($. million) from . million pounds a year ago.   however, newson wants people to know they can prearrange to have any cab to pick them up, it does not have to be yellow cab.   however, no one had made it to the summit in a continuous free-climb.   however, norwich’s central defender russell martin scored his third goal of the season to equalize after a mistake by goalkeeper simon mignolet at a corner.   however, not everyone feels included in the neighborhood's upbeat comeback.   however, officials are still working with college provosts to determine the minimum standards as well as how to avoid capacity issues in the event too many students select primarily just one university.   however, officials say residents don't need to take any special precautions otherwise.   however, o’hare said that october’s rally lost some steam as the month progressed, shifting from a broad-based surge that lifted most stocks, to one enjoyed primarily by giants like microsoft and amazon.   however, oil is just one source of isis money.   however, on october , nakhid was omitted from fifa's final list.   however, over the past eight years, the situation has become increasingly intensified in taiwan.   however, rajoub denied that abbas was involved in the decision to drop the resolution, insisting that the president “had nothing to do with it.”   however, scientists have finally given it a shot.   however, signs of divisions among the participants emerged quickly, when ahrar al-sham, one of the most powerful rebel factions in syria, released a statement suggested a compromise vision for the country's future remains far from reach.   however, since then, us exports and inflation have looked weaker, more doubts have arisen over china’s ability to beat back a sharp downturn and the powerful us job creation machine of the past two years has ratcheted back into first gear.   however, some aren’t very confident that congress will come to an agreement any time soon.   however, stocks can be volatile.   however strong winds and continuing intermittent showers again played havoc with the field with a number of former irish open winners and leading european stars certain to miss the halfway cut.   however, support for an end to the ban is growing in us congress among republicans and democrats from oil states such as texas.   however, technology executives also said that the deal process itself is subject to significant cyber risk, according to % of those surveyed.   however, that wasn't on hassan noor's mind as he arrived in malmo after a four-month journey from turkey.   however, the abrupt u-turn and admission that even powerhouse germany cannot cope with the record influx has underlined the importance of the interior ministers’ talks.   however, the agreement has not yet been presented to the quebec cabinet.   "however, the air mass will be unstable enough on friday to produce some afternoon showers in much of the area, then clearing friday evening into a sunny saturday."   however, the area has burned previously.   however, the big numbers of refugees pouring in with every train coming from salzburg frighten him.   however, the central bank is to remain vigilant for signs of renewed “froth” in the residential property market on the back of still-elevated prices in certain market segments, it added.   "however, the choice should be simple," granade wrote in her -page opinion.   however, the clippers failed to close out their western conference semi-final series on tuesday in houston where they were pounded -, then fell apart in game six when victory was beckoning as they were outscored - in the final quarter.   however the coalition coordinating no-deforestation efforts among indonesian producers — known as the indonesia palm oil pledge — is working to help smaller firms and community producers achieve no-deforestation compliance.   however, the commission was asked for its assistance with a $, lighting project for the baseball complex.   however, the company said its capital adequacy ratio of . percent is sufficient and that the figure appears low due to the way risks associated with home loans are calculated in taiwan.   however, the dust’s low temperature means it gives off far-infrared radiation, making it visible to the special detectors on akari.   however, the exclusivity of the explorer program, the abject design of the product and its hefty price tag meant that the last people who'd be wearing glass down life's catwalk were real people.   however, the fact that puffin books re-issued a series of classics of children literature earlier this year, suggests these books have an enduring appeal - even if it is the parents buying them on behalf of their children.   however, the government delegation did make substantial progress in attracting direct foreign investment.   however, the memory of nato’s broken promises also matters because it touches on the legitimacy, in russian eyes, of the international settlement established during the german unification process and the european order that emerged in its wake.   however, the most memorable meetings have come in the playoffs, both also won by seattle — a - victory at centurylink field in the nfc title game in and a - triumph in a divisional playoff game last january.   however, the nation had a de facto ban on executions since until last december, when taliban militants massacred more than people, mostly children, at a school in the country's northwest.   however, the party has not released how the numbers were split between the two candidates.   however, the point of chu replacing hung was never about winning the presidency for the kmt, because that is seen by many as a lost cause at this point.   however, the police—unsurprisingly—don’t see quite eye to eye with dumke and newburger.   however the q&a requirement came about, one of the prospective presidential candidates was not enthusiastic about the decision.   however, there is still a long way to go."   however, there's a significant backlog of permit applications.   however, there will be a tipping point when they blame erdogan for mismanaging turkey's affairs, endangering its security, and turning a blind eye to criminal profiteering by his friends and family.   however, the road to graduation is not always an easy path.   however, the russian federation asked for a six-month prolongation, which expires on september . meanwhile, ukraine continues to collect evidence of russian aggression in its territory.   however, the similarities between the two companies are undeniable.   however, the socialist candidate at the by-election in doubs, eastern france, won by less than three points.   however the two countries have diverse bribery levels -- south africa stands at just % while nigeria is at % according to transparency international.   however, the upcoming digital accounts will be limited to savings accounts and other low-risk new taiwan dollar transactions, the commission said.   however, the vertebrae of the corpse was broken in a number of locations.   however, this is anecdotal evidence from a single user and there is no guarantee this approach will work for others.   however, this islamic state attack in the village of al-qudeeh in the eastern qatif region targeted shiites, whom ultraconservatives in saudi arabia regularly denounce as heretics.   however, this might suit the needs of ultra-frequent fliers who find themselves commuting between two given cities, let's say, new york and boston, several times per week.   however, this phrase right here is a great way to start a day.   however, tuchel admitted pre-match that the "goalkeeper question is still open" and that roman weidenfeller would start the second leg next thursday.   however, uber does not pay the same fees to operate in the city or insurance costs as traditional taxi services.   however, unlike in uganda where the constitution provides for the enforcement of the right to education, in tanzania no law criminalizes parents who fail to put children in class.   however, unlike uber, drivers will not be able to make a living from ridewith: they'll be limited to offering two rides a day, and will receive only a small payment from passengers based on distance traveled and a nominal car maintenance fee.   however, we have been waiting on the funding, which has not come, and from my point of view, it's just a comedy of errors," hickling told the gleaner yesterday.   "however, when consumption is allocated by income decile, percent of the population does not have the purchasing power to meet the nutritional target."   however, when it comes to common everyday encounters with racism, we can take a good, life-changing bite out of the everyday personal stress of racism by challenging our own default assumptions, and reactions to racism.   however, when the researchers tested urine samples from about teenagers who had never had sex, zero tested positive for the infection.   however, when waheeda tried to bring the infant to canada, the canadian government would not allow it.   however, with evidence mounting that little progress has been made, officials from rio’s governor to the mayor have acknowledged there is no way the water will be clean ahead of the olympics.   however, with the newly released nova launcher ., that's all a thing of the past.   however you say it, wynne is intent on not letting stephen harper off the hook on a variety of issues affecting canada's most populous province.   how far has laser-eye surgery come?   how fiat chrysler cars could be hacked laguardia airport: should it be fixed or shut down?   how good will the mayweather-pacquiao fight be? in cbc sports's hangs on lockerdome report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   how hoffman and pincus manage their wealth.   howie said anyone who finds a trap should call their local conservation service.   how is this year's anniversary different?   howland is just moving on.   how long does it take to pick a jury? photos the jury that heard the case against george zimmerman, center, was picked in a day.   how long do these people have to decide?   how many inspections has he or she done?   how many millions does gender studies bring in?   "how much constitutes too much time is really difficult to answer," said michael casserly, the council's executive director.   "how much longer?") and the state of race relations in america, and daniels & co. want viewers to feel that discomfort.   how much people would stare.   how much this drives a man who covered the kennedy assassination, watergate, the disputed election, the / attacks to continue to prove himself to cbs news, only a psychiatrist would truly know.   how quickly and to what degree uberpool gains traction in the district remains to be seen.   how social media has redefined 'hanging out.'   how the ebola virus spreads ebola is a scary infectious disease but the first thing you should know is that it's not very contagious.   how to avoid auto-repossession it can be tough to make all car payments, with extremes leading to a repo man showing up and taking your vehicle.   how to be poor: a facebook guide would your child go off with a stranger?   how to finish with financial finesse one of the obstacles that many of us still face is reining in our spending and paying ourselves first.   how urgent is it for the u. s. to build a defense against soviet missile attack—to try to save millions upon millions of american lives?   how will sharon feel about kathy being back on the scene?   "how will they predict what is planned by two or three people who are loosely associated to groups and can be self-radicalized?   how worried should businesses, investors, and policymakers around the world be about the end of near-zero interest rates and the start of the first monetary-tightening cycle since -?   "how would ya like to have one of those in the garage?"   how you can find your own strength roger and kadian discovered their emotional strength through physical fitness and along the way uncovered other gifts they had gained from growing up with adversities in their homes.   how you can help in the migrant crisis croatian police said friday that more than , migrants had entered the country since borders were opened.   hpd has hired contractors to secure all three buildings, but a vacate order will remain in effect until work is complete.   hpd reallllllly needs to run thos through their system for unsolved sexual assaults.   hp is scheduled to report its final fourth-quarter results on nov. . hp also raised its forecast for full fiscal revenue to $ billion to $ billion, from $ billion to $ billion previously.   hpv can cause genital warts and cervical cancer, as well as other forms of cancer.   hsieh invited the celebrities, who are to start arriving in taiwan on saturday.   hsi> has gained nearly percent so far in april, but is up about percent for the year to date.   htc first: what was htc thinking?   “htc, lg, motorola, samsung, and anyone else who makes a phone whose unlocked or off contract price is above $ should make gb the standard and work up from there.”   htc's sense ui isn't just bearable anymore; it's actually pretty nice!   htc to deploy advertisements to users' home screens 'native promotions' have made their way into htc's home-screen news feed, blinkfeed, for users in five countries.   huang is also showing a vertical screen being split into two to show dynamic menus and navigation maps, but mostly it's crazy neon and faux-metallic speedometer skins so far.   hua's comments followed the signing of an enhanced defense cooperation agreement yesterday between us defense secretary ash carter (pictured) and singapore defense minister ng eng hen.   huawei, china's top smartphone maker, says it has found a way to speed it up times faster than current batteries.   huband said dehlin helped him navigate a recent faith crisis and figure out a way to focus on the positives of mormonism and stay in the religion.   hubbard said he considered todd a friend and was sorry he upset her, but they have a "fundamental disagreement on allowing same-sex marriages in alabama."   hubble is currently engaged in what is called the frontier fields programme.   hubert served his country in the u.s. army during wwii in italy.   huckabee said during his announcement speech that he'll count primarily on small-dollar donations to power his bid.   huckabee said in an interview on fox news that he will announce his plans in his hometown of hope, arkansas.   huckabee seemed to connect with the crowd in dothan.   huffman wrote, linking to a mock-up of a new website layout.   huff was a surprise addition to the injury report saturday, listed as questionable with a hamstring injury.   huge, gross maggot removed from woman's lip botox is old news.   hughes is currently working on another potential unclaimed body.   hughes is tied with cindy klassen for most olympic medals won by a canadian, having competed in both the winter and summer games.   hugo castro, , walked into the main lobby of the santa clara county jail on monday and told a civilian staff member he wanted to "turn himself in," sheriff laurie smith said in a statement.   hulsey, a -year-old trans woman who recently moved to san francisco from savannah, georgia, was attacked at van ness and golden gate avenues after being harassed aboard the bus.   hulton's lawyers say even flechtheim's persecution is being "dangerously relativized."   hulu announced this morning that it's giving the mindy project a fourth, -episode season, saving it from fox's cancellation.   humala's party has not yet announced a candidate.   "human consumption alone won't solve the problem," wall told the columbia tribune.   human, i of the storm and mountain sound came next, one of their biggest hits off the first album, which was upbeat and brought people into the aisles to dance.   human rights watch describes bahgat, founder of the egyptian initiative for personal rights, as "a leading defender of civil rights and liberties in egypt" who played a prominent role in the revolution that toppled longtime president hosni mubarak.   humber wouldn't provide details of the alleged misconduct, only saying that it was not in keeping with its institutional values related to athletics and student life.   hundreds more including morsi have been sentenced to death after speedy trials, which the united nations denounced as "unprecedented in recent history".   hundreds of flights were canceled at boston's logan international airport, connecticut's bradley international airport and maine's portland international jetport and bangor international airport.   hundreds of lawyers have volunteered to represent the victim.   hundreds of migrants and refugees -- like this man -- this week filled a train station here in munich, hoping that this stop could be one of their last ones on their grueling journey from lives of war, violence, poverty and oppression.   hundreds of parents protested outside toronto's thorncliffe park public school to express their opposition to ontario's new sex-ed curriculum.   hundreds of people injured in the air raids just over a week earlier continued to be treated in nagasaki’s hospitals, and at the tuberculosis hospital in the northern urakami valley, staff members served a late breakfast to their patients.   hundreds of planes have been ordered.   hundreds of sign languages exist, and not everyone with hearing problems uses sign language.   hundreds of sunni tribal fighters had already been fighting under the popular mobilization banner in anbar in recent weeks, but friday marked their official recruitment.   hundreds of thousands of mainly syrian refugees have braved the short but precarious crossing from turkey to greece's eastern islands this year, mainly in flimsy and overcrowded inflatable boats.   hundreds of thousands of migrants fleeing conflict have poured into europe from the middle east and africa this year, straining external borders along europe's southern flank.   hundreds of thousands of refugees are languishing in camps, relying on international aid or struggling to support themselves in host countries where jobs are scarce.   hundreds of thousands of salmon have died before reaching their spawning grounds.   hundreds of thousands were killed or went missing in years of civil war.   hundreds of us fbi employees with foreign ties have been subjected to what some called an unfair program of background checks to prevent espionage, the new york times reported on saturday.   hundreds of villagers attacked a group of men who grabbed a piece of land illegally.   hundreds packed nairobi's anglican cathedral where archbishop eliud wabukala said easter services were overshadowed by "great and terrible evil" as police patrolled outside.   hungary and latvia are examples of countries who have taken advantage of such assistance.   "hungary cannot allow itself to wait any longer.   hungary has been erecting a barbed wire fence along its more than -mile border with serbia, which fabius said should be taken down.   hungary's closure of its border with serbia on sept. triggered a domino effect that sent those fleeing their homelands scurrying from one european border to the next as they tried to reach western europe.   "hungary will become a refugee camp," prime minister viktor orban warned.   hunger games salute sparks warning from thailand's junta updated blast occurred near a well-known hindu shrine in central bangkok.   hunka said ugm also fought to have prescription pill bottles and inhalers count as a form of identification, a first for a federal election.   huntelaar then atoned for his earlier miss in the st minute when he beat karius from a narrow angle and scored inside the far corner.   hunter is questioning whether the mistake rested in part on the military's controversial distributed common ground system, which is supposed to provide information about the battlefield but has been bedeviled by problems.   hunt runs have i been pwned, which helps people see if their account was compromised in a data breach.   hurricane joaquin is battering the bahamas and moving northward.   hurricane joaquin is lingering over the central bahamas, and the dangerous category storm is expected to affect the islands through early friday.   hüther explains why.   hutson spent slightly more than four years in prison after being caught in nevada putting his entrepreneurial zeal to work efficiently routing marijuana shipments through a business he owned.   hydroelectric plants accounted for percent of the energy production.   hydro-québec says it's working to contain the spill and has alerted the provincial ministry of sustainable development, as well as the federal department of fisheries and oceans.   hypersonic weapons would require the development of new guidance systems and materials.   hythe, meanwhile, suffered their first defeat since boxing day, as they went down to a battling - defeat at play-off chasing whyteleafe.   "i accept that track and field, athletics and swimming is a lower-level event, i'm not trying to hide away from this," said simon clegg, the former british olympic association chief executive who has led baku's preparations.   i added a couple of baby potatoes left over from making the creamy dill potatoes, and they were great.   i agreed to give him money because he told me he was ill and broke," zayat's statement reads.   "i agreed to it because if they also use the equipment for the promotion of the sport then we are working for the same cause," says khan.   i air up the tires on my car (in my garage) in the summer to psi.   "i allegedly beat four or five police officers," said huseynov, arguing the charge was laughable.   i almost started to sweat.   i also adore using vintage moroccan candelabras on coffee tables to amp up the glamor.   i also bet more than a few of them are composing letters just like yours to friends, family, therapists, guidance counselors, and maybe even other advice columnists.   "i also don't have a lot of doubt that there are some people out there who know that by making a claim of ongoing whiplash, they can get compensation."   i also focus on looking at reverse innovation, issues of convergence and new business models.   i also know tiny is living a happy life.   i also love jill scott’s new project, so there’s hope.”   i also talk about children and the future, bringing children into this world..   i always put that kind of pressure on myself, but it’s a team game so i figured if i played well, the team would help to get good looks in front of the goal.”   "i always said to my mother, 'the richer i get, the better it is for a lot of people, so don't worry about it.'   i am actually not feeling well but i had to be here," mair told the gleaner.   i am a happy and proud gay priest," he told gazeta wyborcza.   "i am also fond of the central poem of this page, a short series of verses cursing a goose for pulling out the eye of gwallawg, the figure after whom the poem has been named by scholars," williams said.   "i am always proud to wear the beaded poppies and i get many compliments on them.   "i am anxious for my commutation to be granted.   i am at camp one on everest in the middle of an earthquake and avalanches are starting to crash down the mountain.   i am certainly not alone.   i am committed to working with my colleagues in congress to act swiftly to ensure that all americans have the freedom to be full participants of our democracy by protecting every american’s right to vote."   i am convinced that the volkswagen group and its team will overcome this grave crisis," he added.   “i am deeply concerned for the welfare of adult and children shrimp peelers in thailand, who are forced to work in one of the most abhorrent slavery schemes of the st century,” he wrote.   "i am glad i didn't shoot you."   i am godfather to dr wykeham mcneill's (minister of tourism and entertainment) son.   i am going to work on the foundation, continue to work for justice," she said.   "i am here for another month and i would like to make sure i have some cash on me."   "i am honoured to finally announce that i will be singing the next bond theme song."   i am just as stumped as anyone else but problem is going to get worse.   “i am just excited to be a light for others, not only in the classroom, but in the community as well,” he said.   i am just happy everything clicked for me and the team.”   “i am keen to hear their views, whether it’s on tax reform, immigration or defense and foreign policy.”   i am not afraid to leave.   i am not a vigilante but where i come from we protect our women and children.   i am not going to judge their conscience.   "i am not sure what is stopping the canadian government from bringing those refugees to canada.   “i am one of the fortunate ones,” she said.   i am open to mistake, i am open to communication, i am open to dialogue.   i am out there.   i am pleased therefore, that the honourable member for centreville articulated this administration’s intent to construct a new, state of the art school which will provide an economic and educational boost for this community.   "i am proud to announce that our event will be more open and accessible than ever, with a variety of ways to engage and hear our democratic message."   i am proud to say that i know many hard working mexicans — many of them are working for and with me … and, just like our country, my organization is better for it.   i am ready and waiting," she said.   i am really interested in preparing to meet and respond to what i perceive to be in the documentation," she told the gleaner-power news team.   "i am so close to the toilet, i can smell it," one inmate wrote in a complaint filed in .   "i am so excited," he said.   “i am still awaiting a response from the liberals and the conservatives,” said coderre, a former liberal cabinet minister.   i am thinking about it and talking to people both nationally and locally," he said.   i am trying to stay myself," he said, visibly moved.   i am very apprehensive about a vague, foggy word," she said.   "i am very lucky to have my daughter, my son died in an accident, but my daughter knows my life story from a-to-z.   ian gregor, a spokesman for the federal aviation administration, told the news outlet that he had “no idea” what the object was.   ian shepherdson, chief economist at pantheon macroeconomics, said trade would be less of a drag in the fourth quarter than he had previously thought.   "i answered the phones.   "i applaud south carolina state senators, members of the house of representatives and governor nikki haley for their commitment and support to the citizens of south carolina and the citizens of this country," he said.   i argue that it should be for everyone.   "i as a south african know the work of allister sparks..   "i asked him about it and he said, 'well, i'm kind of religious now,'" elrayah recalled, adding that there was nothing to suggest his devotion had crossed a line into extremism.   i asked him more questions about hedda -- whether she continued to live in san francisco after they divorced, and whether she was still alive.   i ask for pictures.   "i ask you all to vote for this request today.   "i ate a whole pizza in a night," she recalled.   i attended the public schools nearby.   i became a writer in english.   i became ceo of sap in .   "i believe for us, the most important is to focus on ourselves.   "i believe now percent that i have personally and we as an organization have absolutely followed every rule to the letter," belichick said.   i believe people should be expected to know as much about the qur'an as they do about the bible.   i believe that having a professional basketball team is a real asset to our city, particularly the downtown core, and helps make halifax a more interesting and attractive place to live."   "i believe that normal politics will only be introduced on this island fully if sinn fein uses its influence and its exhortations to ensure that the ira is put firmly out of business," flanagan told irish state broadcaster rte.   “i believe that police officers dealing with a mass shooting investigation or any type of investigation can learn from the investigation that was done, how the crime scene was investigated and documented, photographed, videoed, etc.”   "i believe (the measures) are not in line with the principles of the left.   i believe, there already exists a line to accept putin’s handouts.   i better do it well."   ibou sakro thiandoum, president of saly's natural resource commission, called for greater central government action, saying, "we are orphans here."   ibrahima conte (guinea) wins a free kick in the defensive half.   icahn enterprises offered $. in cash for each share of pep boys, $. more per share than the most-recent offer from bridgestone.   i called everyone i could think of for help, all to no avail.   "i called him 'skip.'   "i call it elegance of design.   i came here to win, i'm not afraid to say that was my goal," findlay said after the race.   i came of age amid the revolution and the terrible, eight-year war with iraq that unfolded shortly after.   i came up with them thinking, “i certainly don’t want anyone to have to go to a food pantry, but it’s reality for a lot of folks, it’s still going to happen, and every food pantry has peanut butter and jelly and oats.   i can beat cancer."   i can just about manage to cook anything.   i cannot control what i eat.   i can only assume so, given the propensity for the phrase “check your privilege.”   "i can only warn against calling diesel overall into question.   "i can put whatever i want on it, including karaoke.   "i can't confirm who is going to say what and who is going to do what," simmons said.   i can tell you of a couple cases where children have dropped out of school," said eric overby who coordinates pflag's east county chapter.   i can't give advice the way i used to.   i can't help but agree that character has a lot to do with everything.   i can think of no better perspective to take, as i commemorate moving into my fourth decade on this earth, than this.   "i can't imagine a worse thing happening from a personnel point of view … he didn't necessarily have the strongest operation anyway, and now it's sort of been hacked off by the knees."   ''i can't imagine something that could be worse than this for the software business and the intellectual-property business.'   "i can't really employ a detective to find an address because how much money will i have to pay?" said behfar.   "i can't really get into the details of which expectations have not been met," said alc's chief financial officer, patrick daigle.   "i can't say i would have done as well as she has done throughout all this," he said.   i can’t stand it when people help me with suitcases.   "i can't stop living, and i can't stop enjoying my life, and i have to give them a childhood where they can go to the park and not be worried about anything.   "i can't think of anything i would have done differently based on what i knew then," belichick said.   i can't trust you.   i can’t wait for everyone to hear it.”   "i can't wait to get started again because i feel like i played a little tight today, kind of steered it a little bit," said mickelson, who lifted the trophy here in and but hasn't finished in the top in his past two appearances.   "i can't wait to get this surgery out of the way so i can sing my ass off for you again."   i catch myself wondering why in the world the defense would want to leave a place that seems to have moved beyond, as one jury prospect put it, "an eye for an eye."   icc officials were not immediately available for comment.   'i certainly hate the concept of it.   ice shreds with scarlet shrimp perfume (mugaritz) – one of the most memorable and experimental dishes at mugaritz is shaved ice with concentrated shrimp head juice poured over it.   ichiro ties babe ruth in mlb all-time hits list ichiro suzuki has tied with us baseball legend babe ruth for nd place on major league baseball's all-time hits list.   i climb the hillside on the opposite side of the villahe and scout for the target, but every person i survey is just an ordinary schmo.   "i congratulate them for their achievements.   i contacted chappelle-nadal's office multiple times last week, asking for an interview with her.   i continued to watch this episode for the same reason i watched last season.   "i could not get my mind off the thought that at any moment, amidst all this tension, yelling of orders and aggression, that something was going to go terribly wrong and my head would get blown off."   i couldn’t believe it.   "i couldn't have done it without her, because i know she's shining down on me," buchholz said.   i couldn't move, i couldn't even scream.   "i couldn't unlock it so i clicked emergency and called ," isabelle told cnn affiliate kmbc.   "i could place full-page ad in a newspaper, but my chances for making a sale are next to none," she says.   i could see it clear as a bell in my mind right now, the lights of the city coming back and it was all blurry, kind of the lights, and i passed out again," she said.   i crave them constantly.   i cut an album there and after that, jack warner called me into his office and said “waaait a minute we own you for everything,” and i said but “mr.   i cut and pasted my thoughts from the other story..   i’d been selling stuff on the side at craft shows for a few years at that point, part of a larger wave of modern crafters who met online and inspired each other to start businesses.   i'd call his style preppy casual.   idc said the tablet market is cooling after explosive growth following the introduction of the ipad in .   i'd do that easy, and sometimes more.   idealist historians hold out for the day when western museums will return artifacts to their places of origin (western museum directors less so).   i decided to look at returns for the last years, from to , adjusted for inflation.   "i definitely like fruits and vegetables more than i used to," admitted liam, who also spends time reading cookbooks for fresh ideas on how to cook with fruits and veggies.   identification of victims not expected until monday the faa and ntsb are on the scene investigating the crash (cnn)five people are dead following a small plane crash in bakersfield, california.   "i'd feel light-headed and i'd be training and i'd actually feel in a dream.   i did a gladiator movie, so i had some funny qualifications that allowed me to get into the ring.   i did it for a reason.   “i did not say he could not go and he can come to the group if he wants.   "i didn't come into this business to be bland," he said.   i didn't count but i would venture to bet "thug' and "shocked" were used more than any other words throughout the breathless coverage.   “i didn’t do anything different with my putting.   i didn’t get the feeling in preseason that we got yesterday (sunday).   "i didn't have any financial relationship with him whatever."   i didn't know then just how much the people i would meet there would affect me.   "i didn't know what to expect.   i didn’t realize that this event was so meaningful to some people.”   "i didn't really mean for any of it to go public."   i didn't really want to do it in the public eye this time.   "i didn't think i would get into any," rojas told the orange county register on saturday.   "i didn't want him to go but i didn't have a choice in the matter," keith broomfield's mother, donna, tearfully said in a phone interview wednesday from westminster, massachusetts.   "i didn't want it to be a film that spoke only to people in the industry.   i didn't want to be white, but if i had to be, i wanted to be white in a way that was different from other white people i knew.   “i didn’t want to cause a scene or walk out or anything,” maryama said.   "i didn't want to embarrass or let down my country, my husband, or myself," clinton wrote.   i did some research and came to the conclusion that ted stands for “technology, entertainment, design.”   "i dispute the notion that contributors gave, because they expected something in return or that the mayor would ever even entertain such thought."   i'd like kids' movies that i can take my kids to, and grown-up movies with hard edges that i can go and see myself.   "i'd like to thank our customers for their patience while the team reviewed several options for restoring import workflows and addressing quality in lightroom."   "i'd lose pounds every spring, and then i got too fond of the barley corn and i'd just start missing it too much," he told david letterman on the late show.   i'd love to be able to just hang out and play mario kart with him.   "i'd love to bring my friend carl icahn," trump said on the show.   i'd never seen anything like it."   "i'd never try to hurt somebody.   "i do enjoy this chance to wish america a happy thanksgiving," obama added.   "i do feel i can have such a meeting with him," park, who is due to meet u.s. president barack obama at the white house on friday, told the center for strategic and international studies.   “i do hope someone will spot him.”   “i do know the structure is end-over-end, which means that they were on the ceiling,” darrin brown, with pendleton county search and rescue, said.   "i do like it," said paige hueffel, a cargo member getting into her car in south lake union.   i do not like all these discussions in the media while we have a coach in place.   “i do not like the violence that’s present in football games,” she says.   “i do not think of beating usain bolt now, because the championship is not tomorrow.   “i do not understand why there would be a day for male family members and not for female family members.   i do not want the negotiations for my release to be your duty, if there is any other option take it, even if it takes more time.   i do not want to be part of a fight over my fathers estate is it possible for me to walk away from my inheritamy father has a second family after divorcing my mom and re-marrying.   i do not want to see that occur."   i don't agree with all the huge sports complexes, but you've gotta make room for all the kids.   "i don't believe that raising property taxes almost four-fold is a solution," bobby allen said.   “i don’t believe the europeans will punish greece just for having a referendum and telling them that we can’t take any more austerity,” she said.   "i don't blame anyone in the changing room, but i haven't led from the front.   i don't care," he said.   i don't complain about it.   “i don’t completely know what is going to happen as we’re slowly being written into certain scripts.   i don't doubt that his not infrequent coziness with the city of london, the british equivalent of the far more recent wall street, would have gone down more easily if he hadn't so fervently backed and participated in the bush/cheney invasion of iraq.   i don't ever want this to happen again."   "i don't feel like it, why do i have to come to the door?   "i don't feel unbeatable, but it does definitely feel great when i'm playing the way i played today, when i feel like i'm dictating the pace, the match itself, most of the rallies, i feel like i'm on top of my opponent," djokovic told reporters.   i don’t forgive that divide, those unforgiving depths into which my people are slipping, disappearing.   i don't have much interest in "relationship" novels or romance.   i don't have, really, any independent knowledge of those things," mcdaniel said in a recent interview.   i don't have to," he said.   "i don't know anyone who has anything bad to say about him," said one senior honda executive, speaking on condition of anonymity.   "i don't know how old i was, i might have been or ," the -year-old recalls.   “i don’t know how you can play a better game,’’ carroll said.   i don't know if it's because of any phenomenal economic statistics, although it's comforting the u.s. consumer is reasonably strong," said ben pace, chief investment officer at hpm partners.   "i don't know if i would call it a victory, i would call it an acknowledgement of common sense."   “i don’t know if we can outright beat her in iowa and new hampshire,” devine said, “but we have a real shot at it in both places.”   "i don't know if we're going to play the ball up or down, but hopefully we don't touch it.   "i don't know of any arm that was distributed to our members.   i don't know what else to do.   "i don't know what impact it will have on piracy.   i don’t know what it is.   "i don't know what it's going to take for us to move on some of this common-sense legislation," watson coleman said.   "i don't know what that makes me."   "i don't mind if it remains all that anonymous."   i don't promise anything, but i'll do my best if you do yours.   "i don't really care who he is.   i don't really know because i've never had that kind of problem in the workplace.   "i don't really want to comment on what happened and i don't really know for sure anyway."   "i don't see the likelihood of a framework agreement," obama said in an interview with uvda, a current-affairs program produced by israel's top-rated channel two and keshet television.   "i don't see who else it could be.   "i don't see why he needs those extra people," said ford.   "i don't think anyone should have to choose between following their conscience and religious beliefs and giving up their job and facing financial sanctions.   "i don't think anyone should rush to judgment," bart said.   i don't think anyone underrates his toughness."   "i don't think anything was scrutinized well.   “i don’t think he understood the impact it had on people.”   "i don't think initially justice was served," anderson said.   i don't think it has been good for our sport — to a large degree, we have all lost," brady said.   "i don't think it's a bad thing that there's conversation going on about it, and hopefully that will curtail future examples of it," mccaffery said.   "i don't think it's a completely 'yes' or 'no' answer," reich said.   i don't think it's just me.   "i don't think it's sunk in yet," she said.   "i don't think it will make that much of a difference," said francis gaskins, president of ipo research firm ipopremium.com in marina del ray, california.   i don't think she's earned it.   "i don't think that's a reasonable thing to do," he said.   i don't think that's the point.   "i don't think there's any building plan for down there.   "i don't think there's any one answer for every woman," said schrobsdorff.   “i don't think these are traditions as much as they’re structures that have proved they can bear comedy weight.   i don't think this is fair.   i don’t think we should read too much into it.   "i don't think we were any less moral or less patriotic than we are now," she said.   "i don't think you get that sort of creative freedom with any broadcast shows today."   "i don't think you're going to find a resolution to assad until you figure out how you're going to deal with isis."   "i don't want a court-appointed lawyer," jonchuk said, seeming slightly perturbed.   i don't want anybody thinking i'm telling, you know, fish tales."   "i don't want people to think for one minute that i'm not looking at the other companies and the amount of money that they have made," williams said.   "i don't want to be excessive in stating that, but i am cautiously encouraged."   “i don’t want to have this conflict.   i don’t work with photographers as closely as i once did, and i miss the daily exchange.   i do remember having more good feelings and good memories than bad, and he was definitely a part of that.”   i doubt it," said another gulf opec delegate.   "i doubt that he even approached beyoncé with the idea."   "i doubt we're going to see a number that was as strong as last month, but you need a number like , or , for the fed not to go in december.   i do what i want.   “i do wonder about those schools that are still unsafe that aren't going to be getting any of those dollars,” she said.   i'd rather be the one who fell over at the start of the race and never make it to the finish line."   i dread to think what could happen if a us-backed group were to shoot down a russian plane - or indeed, if assad's troops, newly armed with modern russian weaponry and aided by russian "advisers", managed to shoot down a us plane.   i dream of playing music.   i dreamt about the tv show, dexter, and more blood.   i’d recommend reading them in quick succession; so much happens in both trilogies that if you read them too far apart, you may end up lost each time you start a new one.   "i drive a mustang and in some areas the water has been coming up to the hood.   "i'd take it out anywhere," vincent says proudly of his shoe box ford.   "i'd tell every woman who wants to abort or has aborted in chile that there's nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to feel guilty about.   i'd unsuccessfully attempt to make meaning of the story at such a young age.   "i'd wear anything," the beauty and fitness entrepreneur hannah bronfman, a girl-about-town and native new yorker, said after the show.   idyllic white sand beaches stretch along the coast of west borneo, indonesia.   "i encourage all invited representatives, including those who did not attend this round, to participate in the second round of talks next week with the same spirit of respect and consensus."   i enjoyed that outcome very much, holmes having possessed all of the arrogance of muhammad ali but none of the charm.   i enjoy my tattoos, as you can see.   i exhausted my quota of polite rebuttals to the stream of offers from young men offering to act as guides.   "i expected maybe a few t-shirt sales, but not a few thousand," stefan wilson said.   i expected this to draw out a little bit, and to be fair, the big thing is to be fair and get the right guy, make the right decision."   i expect that in the end, after many years, china will eventually realize and accept that no state, whether coastal or landlocked, will ever agree to china's claim of sovereignty or sovereign jurisdiction to almost the entire south china sea.   "i experienced this fear.   "i express my hope that religious, political and intellectual leaders, especially those of the muslim community, will condemn all fundamentalist and extremist interpretations of religion that attempt to justify such acts of violence," the pope said.   “i express my solidarity and salute the brave men and women serving (the u.n. mission) throughout the country for their efforts to bringing lasting peace to mali in these difficult conditions.”   if percent of your time on the phone is spent on business, you could legitimately deduct percent of your phone bill.   "if accurate, the report of new syrian force members providing equipment to al nusra front is very concerning and a violation of syria train-and-equip program guidelines," said air force col. patrick ryder, a spokesman for u.s. central command.   if a company or app claims to be endorsed by another company (often with a logo on an about us page), make sure the company providing the alleged support reflects the same endorsement on their website.   if a consumer shows interest in an ad, such as raising the wrist for a better look, watchkit allows for notifications that expand and take up more room on the screen.   if a driver opts for a hearing and is found not-guilty, fromberg says, all tow-related fees are returned.   if a family goes through a case of bottled water per week at $ a case, the savings can be dramatic.   if a lot of people make such decisions, the net result is a self-reinforcing economic slowdown.   if a mission extension is granted, new horizons will seek out another kuiper belt object before heading out of the solar system — for good.   if an individual experiences a slip or a fall in a location such as a grocery store or a restaurant, they should notify a manager immediately.   if an official of the government, such as officer harrison were to engage in official police work, then he must have had a reason.   if an owner paid for electricity, it would add up to three cents per mile.   "if any of you abandons the regime and repents..   if anything, his remarks reflected the afc's long-standing association with autocracy in a soccer crazy region where rulers see the game as a tool in exercising absolute control of public space.   if anything, i think she may very well have been very happy to be around the show business surroundings.   if anything, retailers and online selling go together, coradino said.   if a refugee is found to have entered hungary through a safe country — and serbia is a safe country, according to this law — then the refugee can be expelled back across the border.   "if a ruling has been issued and is now being reviewed, this puts on the onus on iran's senior leaders to demonstrate the fairness and justice that could only lead to jason's exoneration and release."   if authorities were serious about clamping down on corruption, they could start with breaking the monopoly of state gas firm naftogaz, she says.   if bernie sanders is looking for immorality in america, he can start with our underperforming schools.   if canada can pull off a victory, it will end a -game winless streak against european rivals.   if christ reconciles his people into one body by tearing down the dividing wall of hostility, then christ's people certainly gain nothing by building up a dividing wall of hostility to exclude those far off from opportunity.   if coachspeak didn't inspire them, all those big words will at least keep them confused for a few more years.   if conservative lawmakers regard their new speaker as too closely aligned with obama, his fate could look worse than boehner's.   if customers want the additional protection, they'll need to show that they've taken adequate care of their device and operators can request proof a device has been stolen, such as a crime reference number.   if disabled people do decide to try somewhere new, particularly those who use wheelchairs, they tend to plan meticulously in advance.   "if dr. carson is ever going to hit anybody in the head, it's going to be donald trump after everything he said," graham said, a reference to a story from carson's childhood where he said he hit someone with a padlock.   i fear people like the single mother, the accidental addict, or the battered spouse are the ones who will pay the price for ethan couch's inexcusable violation of his very generous probation.   i fear that britain walking out of the eu is the biggest risk to our economy in the next decade."   i feel a lot more comfortable right now.   i feel blown away, like if i was a leaf, i'd have blown right off the stage."   i feel energized and excited to start the day.   "i feel excited because it's the first time i have participated," said rahming, a tenth-grader at anatol rogers.   i feel for brent in that situation, but obviously excited for the opportunity we have for our family and that team over there.”   i feel he escalated the situation," mason told a news conference outside the office of her lawyer, brent bryson.   "i feel like country music is songwriters' music, so for me country music is always dope to listen to."   "i feel like now it's a group effort," he said.   “i feel like she’s also not trying to be slanderous towards him in any way.”   i feel lucky to have been armed with knowledge i have and to have been able to act on it.   i feel more confident, however, that khalifa's arrest will serve to heighten the excitement for hovering, if not disturbing some with the apparent enthusiasm of the police officers.   i feel pretty good and confident about that pitch."   i feel strong anger and firmly condemn it," abe said told reporters saturday, adding that he demands goto be released immediately.   i fell in love with obama."   i felt like putting downwind was very tricky.   "i felt like we were really fast in race trim.   i felt really bad about myself," she says, fighting tears.   i felt rushed and disappointed that i couldn't do more for these people, especially the one young lady who was inconsolable after spending her first night behind bars.   “i felt that it not only explained life lessons when it comes to hiv and aids but safe sex on the whole,” he said.   i felt tired and distracted and busy trying to get things done.   i felt uncomfortable in the warm-up tonight so i had to give up the idea of competing,'' said sun.   if enough political pressure builds on congress, republicans might go along with at least a temporary restoration of the subsidies with few or no strings attached, if they were willing to take heat from conservatives about “endorsing” obamacare.   if getting a bachelor’s degree is meant to guarantee entry to an arena in which jobs are plentiful and wages rise steadily, the education system has been failing for some time.   if government officials today can commit wrongdoings in spite of so much media coverage, if li had been involved in any corruption or abuse of power, the public would have known nothing of it.   "if governor o'malley decides to run, we will expect a full, robust, and inclusive set of debates—both nationally and in early primary and caucus states.   if he eventually has no choice but to shoot in a tv-like digital medium, he might as well cut the middleman and produce for tv.   if he has to be cut-throat then he will be.   "if he or she looks or smells terrible, then something is wrong."   if he’s right, however, the woman in the tomb is not the macedonian cleopatra eurydice, but another, foreign bride of philip ii’s.   if he survives, he'll bring home rands ($, euros) for every gram of gold he discovers.   if he wanted to take pictures like this he would've.   if he were intent on perpetrating a fraud, bayne asked her, duffy would hardly have openly provided the detail he sometimes did, would he?   if he wins new hampshire, if he picks up momentum, he could swiftly consolidate the establishment behind him.   if he would come and visit or you had to go to him, your pulse would go up," the former vw executive told reuters.   if higher education doesn't trust its own credits, why should anyone else?   "if hillary clinton can't win an election," potential female candidates will ask, "how can i?" flaw in the reasoning extrapolating from one female candidate's experiences to women in politics more broadly is always suspect.   if history is any indicator simplicity will be the determining factor of what ces products thrive or dive.   "if i can go through this, i have nothing to complain about later in the year," he says.   "if i could sit down and talk to her, i would shake her hand, i would give her a hug.   if idict is as effective (and as simple to use) as prx claims, apple needs to act fast to avoid another controversy like the celebrity photo scandal of .   if i go into the ditch maybe i'm going to roll over.   i figured if we have to do all this each week, at least we get to eat brisket on weekends."   i figured that meant i must not have gender identity disorder, and so i felt perplexed."   if i had ever heard him extol the loveliness of a bagpipe procession, i would have assumed he was having an aneurysm and braced for impact.   if i had my way, for instance, the country's , prosecutors, like its traffic cops, would summarily dismissed and replaced with new people who are forced to adhere to reforms, the rule of law and transparency.   "if i hadn't, it might have been some time before it reappeared and the cancer would have been more advanced and potentially more difficult to treat.   if i’m going to listen to a new song, before i even understand what it’s saying, i better be just excited by the sound that i’m hearing.”   "i finished what i had to do on-air and then took out my iphone and took video of them."   if i place that next to data protection, what's more important for europe?   "if iran threatens to walk away from the table -- and this often happens in a persian bazaar -- call their bluff.   "if it can be moved, they'll move it," said dickerson.   if it could make up for its industrial losses with a commensurate increase in the high-value service sector and domestic demand for its goods and services, it would be on a solid path for the future.   if it does not, the power of its own technology will destroy it.   "if it goes in, it goes in," he said.   if it has a new seasons?   if i try to meditate—i have tried—i end up with other thoughts.   if its current price equals its face value, the bond is said to be selling at "par."   if it's in close range, maybe at the baggage carousel, the bluetooth will kick in and let you know your luggage awaits.   if it's not built, ucan may have to discontinue the head start program.   if it's not women telling pregnant women that they're doing it all wrong, then it's the subject of working mothers versus stay-at-home mothers.   if it’s safe, they’ll work on a plan to reopen that business.   "if it's thin ice, don't skate.   "if it was one of them who passed away, you think they would have those camouflage pants?"   “if it weren’t for our cellphones, we’d have been in trouble,” said anders, whose mother’s home burned down during the fires.   if it were, we wouldn't need police.   “if i want a lobster roll,” he replied, “i could think of a dozen places between here and the nearest mcdonald’s where i’d get it.”   if john wooden were in charge of the league i think andrew luck would be playing in his first superbowl.   "if kurt had just been another guy who abandoned his family in the most awful way possible," cobain said, hinting at the anger and heartbreak she must have felt growing up without him.   if leaked pictures of the galaxy s are to be believed, samsung's next major smartphone release will be built using an all-metal back, which is likely to have contributed to the thermal challenges the company has encountered in its testing.   if lebron's (james) got at half, you're not going to stop passing it to him.   if l'imprimerie were in the west village (for example), the place would be mobbed; as it is, there's a steady stream of grateful bushwickians eating in and taking out, with weekday afternoons dominated by laptop people.   if local authorities decline to prosecute a hate crime, the federal government can take over, making hate crime offenders more likely to face prosecution.   if lunch periods can’t be lengthened, they added, schools could still maximize student eating time by adding more serving lines, implementing automated payment systems or taking other measures to make their cafeterias more efficient.   if medical marijuana is part of your treatment, save your receipts as you may be able to claim the expense.   if mission team members decide to go with one of the alternate trajectories, new horizons would likely perform an engine burn days before the july flyby.   "if modi's policies are to succeed then it needs to have exposure and involvement with a lot of the technological development, incubation, catapult centres, upstream technology companies that we have here.   if my purpose is to help end als, then i'm ready!   if my retirement account is suffering minusculely, so be it.   if neither wins a majority of seats in parliament, they will need to gain the support of smaller parties, which range from scottish nationalists to vehement eurosceptics, to form a government.   if new evidence is found, we will follow it" because "getting to the right answer is more important than speed."   if no ob­jec­tions are filed the pe­ti­tion may be grant­ed with­out a hear­ing.   if nothing else, it is a call to mix jail personnel and schedules often, to ensure that one bad seed doesn't affect the others.   if not, then we should just all stay home.   if nova scotia followed new brunswick's example and instituted a pay cut for the premier and cabinet ministers, it would save taxpayers in this province a total of $,..   if observed in deeds and not only in words, then i think we will have a consistent way to stability, but if not, these decisions will quickly be brought back to the table," klimkin said.   if oil keeps falling, it is likely to drag down the s&p . drillers and other energy companies make up a significant chunk of that index.   if online strippers are harassed on messaging apps, there's nothing they can do.   if, on occasion, lena thinks she has written well, that’s because she has somehow captured lila’s spirit, made “space for her in me.”   if, on the other hand, you're using the default messenger app, you would actually have to view the text before processing begins.   ifo said the pickup would be based on strong consumer confidence fueling domestic consumption.   “if other campaigns wish that we’re going to uncork money on donald trump, they’ll be disappointed,” said mike murphy, chief strategist of the right to rise pac.   "i found a louse on her already, and it's a pretty big guy."   “i found out i had problems when i was and since then, as a family, we have had to look out for it.   "i found that going to bed at night, hearing the train at night was really sad because you're longing for home, you're longing for your parents and each night you'd be hearing a lot of five and four year olds crying."   i found that "oh, this person resembled me a little bit."   "if our car broke down she would say, 'oh, that's the alternator.'   "if people weren't trying to buy child sex it wouldn't be being sold."   if police officers were on regular foot patrols, people would eventually become more familiar with them and give them more information, he said.   if poroshenko holds his ground and demand on the implementation of the minsk agreements, the fake elections will be off the agenda, the expert says.   "i frankly think it is, for our purposes today, wholly inappropriate and i am not going to blemish anyone's character, particularly someone's as young as his."   if replicated, it could represent a huge step forward in treating leukemia and other cancers."   if russia refuses to renegotiate ukraine's debt by the end of the year, ukraine would be forced into default, putting the imf in a delicate situation.   if science were on their side, it might be a fight worth fighting.   "if she becomes president, she’ll be the first woman president we’d have and i’d like that.   if she defends policies viewed as having contributed to the financial crisis, daley said, "that's a problem."   if she gets the conditions, she’ll be very tough to beat.”   "if she had violated that, it wouldn't have created any less love."   "if she was released because she showed repentance, other criminals should be equally released," said -year-old college student kim ryeong-hui.   if so, debt restructuring would be needed, for example through a one-off extension of maturities or a haircut.   if somebody gets a hold of him, he’s going to do really well for them.”   "if someone comes to torpedo (the agreement), i believe (the person or entity) should be isolated by the international community, whether it's the us congress or anybody else.   if some people acted individually, the department has not been made aware and we do not condone the action.   "if something like that happens to you at , it's terrible," she says.   if something offends you, you should just look away.   if so, what does that really mean?   if steel prices go up, less steel will be used.   if step one is organizing a play date for your child, step two isn't inviting the entire class over for a surprise party.   if stocks and houses start to fall, you tell me where the money has gone.   if successful, he would be only the second fifa chief from outside europe, and the first ever from the middle east.   "if successful, this project may be one of the first to show that certain conditions can begin to be treated prior to birth, leading to better outcomes for the child," she said, according to the hospital.   if sunlight is truly the best disinfectant, then the international community owes it to pichugin to shine as much light as possible on this maligned case and thereby pressure russian authorities to rethink his wrongful imprisonment.   if terrorists and criminals do still get guns, despite existing gun laws, there is no reason to have gun laws at all.   if that isn't enough, and if the computer is no more than four years old, add gb of memory.   if that is the case, it could indicate that the pilots were unconscious.   if that is the chief problem, there appears to now be a ray of hope.   if that may release date sounds familiar, it’ll be years to the day after star wars attacked theaters.   "if that screw was filled with medicine, it could be used to deliver drugs at the same time, while your bone is healing."   if the absurdity of the kentucky court clerk denying same-sex couples marriages licenses teaches us anything, it's that even when something seems pretty obviously unconstitutional, there are always stubborn individuals who will try it anyway.   if the allegation is determined to be credible, the statement said, authorities will determine next steps, which could include an investigation.   "if the argument in the lawsuit were successful, the federal government could, in theory, adopt any un treaty, then force the states, including oklahoma, to help impose it," the letter reads.   "if the chinese market were to double from here it would indeed be in bubble," james griffiths of citi research said in a commentary wednesday.   if the colonials have anything to be confident about, it’s their goal-scoring ability lately.   if the combined power of law enforcement agencies in the hundreds of countries where fifa does business cannot tackle its outrageous deeds, what hope is there for attacking the daily destructive acts that affect millions of people around the world?   if the comments on last week’s recap are to be believed, so many of you will have skipped this week’s two-hour grey’s anatomy that i might just be recapping it for an audience of one.   if the company does not abide by the terms of the agreement, the corporation could face criminal charges.   if the company wants to jump-start sales by offering higher quality products that resonate with diners, the company will need to make sure it has the manpower to implement those changes without further hurting service quality.   if the conservatives and the ndp contributed to his fall from grace, many of the sins were his own.   “if the deal is not good enough for you, walk away.”   "if the department of justice feels that they have to prosecute that as a hate crime, i don't think they'll find an awful lot of opposition," baker said, noting that city officials emphasize racial sensitivity.   "if the epa wants to come in here and enforce it, come on in. (but) i'm not going to help them," said michigan state sen. tom casperson, whose law barring state enforcement of the epa regulations takes effect march .   if the fed gets the timing wrong, america could end up in another recession.   if the film bull durham taught us nothing else, it's that you have to respect the streak.   if the free mixtape is eventually cannibalized by a for-profit one, it will be because the way we listen to music has shifted.   "if the french president asks me to think about what more we can do, then it's our task to think about that and we will act quickly," merkel said, adding that the islamic state "can't be convinced with words, it must be fought with military means."   if the government were ultimately to blame someone other than north korea, a defense lawyer would easily "stand up and say, 'but that's not what they said before.   if the identifying numbers are missing, more tests will need to be conducted on the part to determine its origin.   if their current unhappiness turns into unrest, the government will be forced to grapple with a political crisis as well.   "if the judge grants the protection order that means the abusive party has to stay away from the victim."   if the jury found bergdahl guilty and elected to sentence him to more than years in prison, it would require a three-fourths vote via secret ballot, the judge said.   if the liberal changes to the advertising act are approved, lysyk wants to be relieved of her duty to review government ads before they can run.   if the long, troubled history of these two countries is any indication, we are headed for more bloodshed, displacement and death.   “if the macedonian police had known that the group had entered the country, it means that they were followed and allowed to station themselves in the second biggest city in the country.   if the man in question is chugging a red bull and vodka, which is literally a bad sign for his heart, you should probably call it a night and walk quickly in the opposite direction.   if the mixture is dry, add one or two more tablespoons of water.   if the moderators are able to tempt mrs. clinton into sparring with senator bernie sanders of vermont or martin o’malley, the former governor of maryland, the arguments will most likely not be waged on substantive grounds.   "if the money is possible, we would like to continue the train to hudson," said lincoln.   if the patriots win, star-lord goes to christopher's haven, a nonprofit that provides supportive housing for families whose children are receiving outpatient pediatric cancer treatments in boston.   if the person collapses, the case will issue voice warnings that alert bystanders to an allergic reaction, and can do so in two languages if a person is travelling.   if the players don't respect this, we will be obliged to take action."   if the prints are as old as they appear, they are also the oldest evidence ever found of humans living along the coast of b.c., added mclaren.   if the project is deemed a success, many hope that the regulation can be lifted altogether.   if the project is successful, it could serve as a model for to communicate other medical research.   if the properties aren't sold, they could remain vacant and dilapidated for years to come, which is harmful to those communities and neighborhoods."   if the province takes over the area, it will remain undeveloped.   if there is anything that would suggest a risk of harm to themselves or another — then they will be admitted."   "if there is a referendum looming, you can't be certain that we're going to be in eu.   if there is no evidence that the death penalty has a deterrent effect on crime, capital punishment should not be legitimized.   if there is no other argument, there is no point to the post other to inflame.   if there’s a coming army of millennial homebuyers in the seattle area, the goldsmiths are in the vanguard.   if there's a loser in all this, it could be projects like fiber that fall in between the wild moonshots and the reliable moneymakers.   if there's one destination you need to see now, it's antarctica."   if the rest of your portfolio pays no attention to fossil-fuel companies, for example, you may already own big-oil companies in your traditional large-cap stock funds.   if there weren’t some truth to your friend’s observation, wouldn’t you have laughed it off?   if the run comes in as predicted it would be the sixth-largest return since .   if the sea lion had been an adult, he would have stayed away.   "if these states join the fight against terrorists in a serious and sincere manner, at least in terms of stopping them getting support, we will achieve results much faster," assad said.   if these trends continue, tobacco-related casualties in china will reach million per year by .   if these weren't enough to inspire serious concern, there's that company you may have heard of called amazon, already a dominant e-commerce player in india, licking its chops at the prospect of tapping into the entertainment sector.   if the slate is destined to sit on your coffee table for the majority of its tenure, though, it'll turn out to be one of those devices you forget to charge for days on end, because you simply don't need to.   if the sparkblocks technology ships as planned in april , though, it could save you the trouble of hunting down a small audio system that meets your needs -- you'll just build it yourself.   if the table is unreadable in your browser, you can view the image here.   if the us believes in democracy and freedom as it says it does, then it should state clearly that it will support the democratically expressed will of taiwanese, whether that offends the chinese communist party or not.   if the vehicles become louder than the ordinance allows, dpd will require the company to make further adjustments, the agency says.   if the west indies commit another minor over-rate breach in tests within months of this offence with holder as captain, it will be deemed his second offence and he will face a suspension, the icc said.   if they answered yes, he had a followup question: whether they could put it all out of their minds and consider the case only on the evidence they were to hear.   if they are, it'll both identify the person and show user-uploaded photos and videos that recall past events.   if they are more than feet apart you will need more than one detector.   if they believed they weren't being bought off then they didn't see a problem with an appearance.   if they can successfully confront such devastation, can haiti's people next figure out a way to work and prosper together?   if they can't make them go away, they want to blame the people who made them.   if they catch you, you go back to the registration center and you lose your euros.”   if they didn't, i'd revisit the mastectomy idea.   “if they don’t want - teams in the bowl, then change the rule, but right now that’s the rule.”   "if they go to church, they have to change their clothes when they get home before they go to the chicken barn, and then change their boots again at the barn," duong said.   “if they have to work, that’s great too.   if they leave on their own without proper registration, however, and police stop them, their status is that of illegal immigrant, and the entire registration process begins anew.   if they lose, it would mean in a row for the blue and white — the last time that happened, it was , and the team went on to win the stanley cup.   if they really believe in justice they have to tell them, you know?   if they request the service, they can receive their luggage at the airport, or keep their luggage at an office or a front desk on the first floor.   "if they see somebody that they feel is an impaired driver, the best thing they can do is to get the license plate and description of the vehicle," said mathis.   "if they were to have positions that were to be lost, they would be dealt with through the collective agreement, and the process established within the collective agreement," she says.   if they win it all school officials say the symbol was made from tiles that snap together, and there was no damage to the field.   if things don't change soon the african elephant could be extinct within decades, experts warn.   "if this collapses any further down, that million gallons is going to basically go to the river, to the power substation, to the front part of the lot," scott kelley, chief operator of the huntington sanitary board, said.   if this continues we could experience an even bigger fall," he told a german newspaper on friday.   "if this court does not find purposeful discrimination on the facts of this case, then it will render batson meaningless."   ； ：if this human is so intelligent,； jim asked, ：why does it show itself only to the lowest and least intelligent of all us fish?   if this is a sales role, what are some concrete numbers that must be attained?   "if this is just a matter of showing how many people have thc in their systems, then it's essentially useless," said steve sarich, who runs a cannabis advocacy group and serves as an expert witness for cases involving thc-related impairment.   "if this was a regular pga tour event lots of players would have withdrawn and gone home on wednesday, but players won't do that for a major.   if we are going to be the best in the world, we have to create more.   "if we can afford it, it would be well worth it," councilwoman wallace said.   "if we catch them, they could be held liable for these costs," he added.   if we could change one thing, it might be to spruce up the utilitarian interface.   "if we could get a jet ski ride, i could take her," the floridian told voters near his tent.   'if we delay these tough decisions, it's going to get even more difficult.'   "if we delay these tough decisions, it's going to get even more difficult," he said.   "if we did lung, he would die of liver failure after.   "if we don't have that, our bid's not going to go very far," he said in an interview with cbc news.   if we don't have the agreement, we don't have that certainty."   if we don’t know the ugly, i don’t know how you can really love the pretty.”   if we ever did that, we think we'd have a heart attack, but demi played it off like a pro.   “if we execute, we’re a hard team to beat,” said murray, who led rainier beach with points.   “if we get even a fraction of that traffic to our beaches, it would transform the islands,” island chief secretary anand prakash said.   “if we let this go as if it were a nonevent, we are basically giving a blank check to any country” involved in an armed conflict, ms. liu said in geneva.   if we're going to get into all these areas, what's the exit strategy for getting out?   if we surpass the ipo mark this year, it would mark a three-year streak, a milestone that hasn’t been hit since the market heyday of the late s.   "if we want our overall fixed-income strategy to have a shorter duration, we need to take some money and go somewhere else," roe says.   if we want to see significant change in this area, then we should do away with such definitions altogether.   if what you really want is a new independent window of the same application, you have to right-click on the icon and choose new window, or you can simply click-drag-and-drop the icon to the desktop.   if you are alone from friends and companions, by the help of god become a saheb-qeran.   if you are buying the car, factor in the interest on your loan and depreciation on your vehicle.   if you are charged with a crime as an illegal alien, you should either be in jail or be deported.   if you are going to test new things, to strive to get ahead, you are going to get it wrong sometimes.   if you are interested, contact chief dutcher at -.   "if you are serving a sentence and you have something to offer the police or the dpp with respect to any other crime, you can get that sentence reduced, but there will have to be an application from the prosecutor to revisit the matter.   if you can't provide a receipt, staples will try to look up the purchase to give you a full refund in the original payment method.   if you choose to donate canned goods they are looking for meat and other high protein products.   if you complain to the police, they will lock you up."   "if you continue to have extreme poverty areas where women given birth to six children and the population doubles in one generation, then you will have problems.   if you currently have a username with "@" in it, please email support@voxmedia.com. we'll email you a reset link.   if you'd have asked me the day before if he could have done this i'd have said 'not in a million years'."   if you did an honest threat & risk assessment (as one should) on these sorts of office systems, you'd have to conclude they are not safe to handle sensitive data nor to be operated by most human beings.   if you did not receive the form (many did not), contact the marketplace directly to obtain a copy.   "if you didn't like it, you moved of your own accord or you were performance-managed out of the business," he said.   if you don't agree on what our european security principles are, and if you don't see a threat in the same things, you cannot really deploy an army somewhere.   if you don't feel it inside, the environment needs to help nurture that.   if you don't have a pfd and you're out in a boat for the weekend, stop by one of our service centres and borrow a pfd," she said.   if you don’t know who margaret atwood is by , you may be beyond help.   if you don't like his immigration executive order, what would you do as president?"   "if you don't like someone as a person, you're not going to do very well carrying their child," audra says.   if you don't like the message or brand you portray online, take the lead and change it.   "if you don't own the problem, you can't fix it," said glenn poshard.   if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it," he posted under the picture, using a quote from the movie "ferris bueller's day off."   "if you don't trust the shot, your mind goes to technique.   "if you drive enough prime memberships and keep margins up, then it's something you continue and expand in other markets and it makes sense," hottovy said.   "if you ever spot a cancer, you are going out to get treatment and find out what's wrong with you," he said.   if you feel as if you're working harder for the same pay, or even less, it's not just your imagination.   if you feel that a comment is offensive, please login or create an account first, and then you will be able to flag a comment as objectionable.   if you find yourself playing more games on the apple tv, consider buying a dedicated game controller.   if you forget to bring your information with you on the th, you will be required to write it out at the registration table.   "if you get stressed can get a massage or a facial."   if you go easy on the fatty dressing, or opt for a low-fat vinaigrette, these are healthy and good value.   if you had seen the signs, things might have turned out differently, but you also would have spent the last few days, weeks, months or years in a state of worry, which is a totally different kind of suffering.   if you had to describe the tory austerity mantra in the run up to may's election with three words, these would probably cover it.   if you had written a script, it maybe couldn't have gone better to plan for karlsruhe.   if you have active personnel you would like to be recognized, call the hansford county extension office at -.   if you have a quality tenant, why get greed if that tenant is covering your mortgage?   if you have been following our piggy story, you will get a kick out of this.   "if you have chocolates lying around, as you get so many chocolates at christmas and you can't use them all, you put them in the whisk, then you wrap it in paper and you put a note saying 'we whisk you a merry christmas,'" said nerbas.   if you have information on this or other gang/gun related crimes, police ask that you call --.   if you have loans to pay off, don't feel embarrassed to admit that you value money.   • if you have two or more relatives on the same side with early onset prostate cancer (under age ).   "if you hook up a rain barrel to the downspout in your home, you can use that water to water plants - nanging plants, potted plants, even wash your car," said megan murphy, an environmental services technician with the city.   if you imbibe before bed, you might help yourself nod off, but you're not doing your body any favors in the long run.   if you know you're going to have a high-intensity workout that day, be sure you eat carbohydrates like you normally would, because you'll need the energy for activity.   if you lived within nassau village and most bahamians did -- then you would have a comprehensive understanding of the challenges of marginalization.   if you'll incur an exit fee or surrender charge for getting out of an investment, that should be disclosed as well.   "if you look at all the other countries that have red flags, thailand is the only one other than nepal in this region, and there will be concerns raised about this," he says.   if you looked only at facebook’s yearbook, was defined by massive historical moments that would unsteady even the most optimistic person.   if you need to, consult a financially literate friend to send a "pep-text" to get you pumped about doing right by your wallet.   if your answer is yes to these questions, you could potentially be addicted," andrews said.   if your couch is feet back, having k isn't worth it because you won't be able to tell the difference anyway.   if you’re a firefighter, the best place for home shopping is riverside, ca, where you’ll make a median annual income of $,.   “if you realise a price is high somewhere, shop somewhere else, it’s that simple.   if you're concerned about being too exposed, then set your account to private.   if you're dragoned right out (got owes a tonne load to rpgs) then how about exploring stupendously rendered far flung galaxies as the maverick hero of your own star ship?   if you're embracing something and putting an intense amount of effort into it, i think that can be a good thing in the long run.   if you’re feeling nostalgic, grab those friends you met in thurston and j street to relive some first-year traditions during your last few nights as a student.   if you're going to get a court to side with you, generally, you have to prove that the seller actually knew about the defects when they sold you the house, says peter boscas, owner of red cedar real estate in columbia, maryland.   if you're in a middle-skill job, look for training and experience that might help you upgrade your skills and hang on to your job.   if you’re interested in becoming a foster for helping hands, you can find foster applications on their website helpinghandsrescue.com. just click on “become a foster care provider” under “how you can help.”   "if you're in tunisia and you don't have an essential need to remain you should leave by commercial means," the updated uk travel advisory issued thursday said.   if you’re looking to cultivate a good impression, consider a narrow bracketing range.   if you're looking to find archived notes or ones from other subsections you might not have touched for years, then you'll either end up scrolling for a long time or giving up.   if you're making a delivery, go around the corner and park your car.   if you're not celebrating force friday, i assume you have no idea what i'm talking about.   "if you're replacing windows, for example, go for quality windows with good thermal screening to keep your electric bills low during the summer months."   if you’re still in college, don’t just learn about entrepreneurship – practice it.   if you're the parent of someone going to college, ask yourself how you'd be behaving if your kid was headed to the army or the workplace.   if you’re this truck’s owner, you sure as hell still do. ers hood/trunk slip cover the hood/trunk door slip cover is a mass-produced accessory available for all nfl teams, and it’s not even a permanent vehicle fixture.   if your idea of the perfect vacation is holing up in some airbnb in the middle of nowhere and vegetating with your favorite shows, slingbox m is your new bff.   if your mutual fund invests in large u.s. stocks like apple and walmart, you probably lost money to the tune of about percent.   if you select "while using the app," then the app will only gain access to your location data when the app is currently in the foreground and in use.   "if you send an image to ten people, and they all say it's a zebra, we're pretty sure it's a zebra.   "if you set a good allocation in the beginning, you only need to rebalance it every six months or annually," said weir.   if you signed this petition, you really need help.   if you signed up using a rd party account like facebook or twitter, please login with it instead.   if you spend a month and a dollar, samsung is betting it can get you hooked on a galaxy smartphone.   "if you think about it gross numbers numbers, a primary artificial joint will cost between $, and $, in terms of the overall patient experience — in terms of hospital stay, implant, all those things," beaulé said.   if you think it’s impossible to sound creative and defeated at the same time, you probably haven’t heard him.   if you think you can make room for a sighthound in your home, call the centre on or visit the site at radfall road, chestfield, ct er for further details.   if you turn anytime from now through , reaching full retirement age will trigger some little-known but valuable perks.   if you underperform on even the slightest of things, people could make judgements about you and your business, which could have lasting repercussions.   if you upgraded from an earlier wp device, was it all you hoped of?   if you've already purchased it you can still play, but in a forum post the team mentioned people can go to steam or retail locations where they purchased the game for a refund.   if you've been dumping your used clothes into big metal bins thinking they're going to charity, think again.   "if you've been swimming at queensland and you're comfortable at queensland, going to lawrencetown — lawrencetown is more exposed, there are more waves — and you might not be comfortable at lawrencetown," he said.   “if you've ever thought about donating blood.   if you've fully read the terms, you'll also learn that what is contained in this hoax doesn't apply.   if you've got a cool tip or story to share, feel free to leave it in the comments section.   if you've just got one day, you can only spend it at the beach if you live on the northern coast.   if you want to be ahead of trends and know what the next big thing in tech will be, visit product hunt.   if you want to hear "phone down" for yourself, you can watch a replay of the stream here.   if you want to taste the stuff, head to glen’s garden market, smucker farms, compass coffee, or one of the other markets listed here.   if you watched the first season, you probably remember that daredevil didn’t don the iconic costume until the very last episode, but it looks like a wardrobe change is already in order for next season.   if you work for an employer who offers health insurance, that is probably going to be your most affordable option.   “i gain nothing by being defeated,” he said.   igalaaq: i am canadian (inuktitut) : in this blast from the past, salome awa responds to the famous "i am canadian" rant with her own version in may of .   "i generally don't like to frighten people and i don't like to give them diseases they don't have," rothberg says.   "i get my daughter to drive me to the grocery and to doctor appointments.   "i get the strategy, politically, of throwing ideas around on things that people care about day-to-day.   “i get upset all the time … because i don't like people staring and glaring at me, “ beggs responded.   i go to labs all over the country, truly seeking out the most innovative things."   "i got very light-headed as i kept popping pills and i thought 'this is all going to be over soon..   i grabbed the reel and flipped the fish in the boat just as a much larger bass hit my plug which had been laying motionless in the water while i brought in the bass on the empty hook.   iguala is an important way station for the opium paste that is harvested high in the surrounding mountains as it begins its journey north to the united states.   i guess i shouldn't fight.   "i guess the disappointing thing to me is the way the judges abstained from voting on this," said randy thompson, one of the landowners who sued.   i guess there's a certain sense of empathy and exclusion from heterosexual patriarchy.   "i had a few places out deep and a few places shallow, but i felt like i could catch a pretty good bag if everything worked out.   “i had an interview with claude at the end.   “i had a short list,” colangelo said.   i had a very good beginning of the year, big chance to catch no. in the world, but my body cannot handle it anymore," she said.   "i had a very pleasant conversation with him and it wasn't about running for office.   i had been accepted into the program.   i had been campaigning for other people and then when he died i realized that it wasn't just for other people, it was for me, as well.   i had been unable to eat or drink for years, and now that i was surgically reconstructed, the world was my endless buffet.   “i had come into the front room, and i turn on the news as i usually do, and i went 'oh, richland school district?'   "i had just run four miles that day.   "i had my tempo down the stretch, especially with the irons," said merritt, sporting a striking blue plaid shirt as he pursued his first pga tour title in his th start.   "i had no idea he was here," vonn added.   “i had no idea what marriage was all about.   “i hadn’t seen them a lot because i’ve been either playing for usa basketball or going to summer school here at washington,” plum said.   i had quite a lot of fun people thinking it was me, but i was never the one who started the rumor.”   i had stressed about feeling beautiful, or just feeling comfortable in my own skin, as i went through gown after gown.   i had to follow the rules and the regulations that were put upon me and also the rules of society.   i had to go bankrupt so i wouldn't lose my wife's house."   i had to provide food, and at the same time find a way out of the city which was being blocked by the kenner police.   'i had to quit my job' lockert said she had to make the choice between staying and subjecting herself to such working conditions or leaving.   i had washed every single pure cotton onesie in dye-free, scent-free, everything-free detergent and folded them in neat piles next to our diaper stacker filled with pristine newborn diapers.   i happen to like their product, since i've been taking it i almost never get sick.   i hated five at the back but that was the way he wanted to play and i respected that, that’s not a problem.   "i have absolutely no support for a city that ignores the strong evidence that should be acted on."   i have always admired the way my muslim friends approach the month of ramadan with such discipline and good humour.   "i have always turned to jmcp for the latest research on formulary and clinical management," said happe.   i have appeared on fox news channel, fox business news, cnbc, bloomberg, nbc news channel, and the bbc.   i have a relative with mesothelioma, and my three younger brothers were in a car accident and two of them needed blood."   i have argued that what is needed is a common strategy of "constructive realism."   i have a sister," hughes told the herald-tribune.   i have a tape recorder with me and if they are willing, i record their comments.   i have a tremendous amount of loyalty to him."   "i have been blessed with an amazing family, friends and husband who allowed me to grieve.   "i have been campaigning with models of diversity for disability rights in fashion since i suddenly become disabled four years ago," she said.   i have been lucky..   i have been privileged to attend several meetings of the scientific advisory board of the california walnut commission, our research funder in this area.   i have been sleeping under the open sky."   i have contract here until june and i will finish my contract here and if i can extend my contract, i will extend my contract," he said.   i have dedicated my career as a physician to improving the care of the terminally ill - and yet here was my dreadfully sick mother, stopping just short of asking me to help her die.   i have driven the track on the simulator and it is going to be an interesting race.   i have friends."   "i have had many dreams since where my dad is back home and his old self.   i have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post.   i have never been good enough for me.   "i have never supported amnesty." photos: the main republican presidential debate kentucky sen. rand paul has been in office since .   i have no idea!   i have no idea what his real philosophy is, other than that he is for promoting himself."   i have no patience for all the people who say "he should be fired for this", and "heads should roll".   i have no problem with anyone undertaking legal and constructive ventures and reaping the rewards, but the author should have noted that this family is among the least likely to pursue this path.   i have noticed that many insurance companies offer customers generous savings if they opt to insure several cars with them.   "i haven't lived in moncton since i graduated from high school in but i know it's a community that cares," he says.   i haven't noticed that so far on the s.   "i haven't reviewed that yet so that question is still outstanding."   i have personally been threatened by someone holding one while walking down the street.   i have previously edited magazines in the grocery, diy and housewares sectors.   "i have repeatedly stated that i will not compromise on safety and that no stadium will open without a valid safety certificate.   "i have set out my position and i have nothing to add to it," she said after meeting with italian premier matteo renzi in berlin.   i have successfully worked with and produced many functions, and events.   i have three kids i have to take care of in the back.   i have to admit that i love to go to college humor or youtube and watch fallon videos.   "i have to get out of here, i have to get home.   i have to hold those doubts.   i have to look for those who are suffering.   "i have to remind myself of that," he says, laughing.   i have tried to switch to something else, but this did not work out.   i have used each of these in reviving dying non-profit organizations, private businesses, and public sector organizations.   i headed home one day and saw a lady crossing the street and the traffic was coming back and forth and if she took anymore steps, she wouldn't have been eating pizza," said oakey.   ihg rewards club members will earn points toward free hotel nights.   "i hope albania reaching the european championship finals will be followed by albania being in the european union," added rama, referring to the balkan state's long-held ambition to join the european bloc.   "i hope i'm doing ok," she says.   "i hope it works," casey added.   i hope someone can improve my life and who can help me," said habeeb mohamed bin abdul raman, a -year-old retiree, leaving the polling station with his elderly wife and daughter.   “i hope that they let us help more and more,” he added.   "i hope that this settlement will bring some measure of closure to his family and to his friends."   i hope the justice system investigates what happened and if the government is responsible, that officials are sent to prison," said fernando lucero, a -year-old lawyer at a demonstration.   i hope this settlement is implemented without delay so that we can finally start helping those in need," he said in a written statement.   "i hope to work together with mitt to grow our party and lead our country forward," kentucky sen. rand paul tweeted.   i hope you like the show.   i hope you think our things are nice, too.   ii- rolls-royce plans to launch off-road suv ii- mazda rolls out mazda cx-.   i & ii narcotic offense, as of --. -mf enrique vargas has been charged with malicious or unlawful assault; assault; battery (wounding) offense, as of --.   'i implore you, i beg you, i order you in the name of god: stop the repression.'   "i join with many across the spectrum of american faith communities in my hope that the court's ruling will permit same-sex marriage in all states," the very rev. gary hall, the cathedral's dean, said in a statement.   "i just didn't want to write anything because of the subject matter that would seem like i was trying to elicit sympathy.   ‘i just didn’t worry about it’ kris penny was born in wiesbaden, germany, and grew up mostly on air force bases; both his father and stepfather were in that branch of the service.   i just don't get the fancy controller.   "i just don't think he fits into a political party.   'i just do this for fun' but eventually, what's left at the deepest part of the pan are a few flakes that look less gold than tobacco-orange.   “i just felt like it would be a more sustainable way to address the issue.”   “i just get a little bit nervous because in the past that’s been pretty bad practice to hand over property to out-of-town landlords,” county councilman harry haas said at a work session.   “i just laid down and just kept praying.”   "i just look at that as a win-win-win."   i just remember dougie screaming when the dog eventually let go.   i just tried to do those little things that i hoped would relieve her of some stress," farley-berens said.   "i just tried to stay solid and consistently keep doing what i was trying to do.   "i just walk up," danza says.   i just wanted to ask the question."   i just wanted to demonstrate the applications of the technology used in the ice cream that changes colour in other food preparations.   "i just wanted to get him a car to get back and forth to work, but thanks to everyone's generous donations, this has skyrocketed into more than just a car," he wrote on the crowdfunding page.   i just wanted to, like, hunker down and study music.   "i just wanted to make sure we called his mom and dad and let them know he was ok."   "i just want people to know where their beer comes from.   i just want to try to continue driving like i have been because last year it was too close here and in monaco and i aim to have a bit more of a cushion this time.   “i kept hearing that story,’’ keljo says.   i kept my promise to fight this case for their benefit, and although unsuccessful to prevent the execution, we have been successful in exposing some serious flaws that offend the basic concept of the american justice system.   i kinda knew right then and there that maybe something had collapsed or fell," andrew brewster told the news station.   "i knew deep down that there are certain aspects of my golf swing i struggle with and i had to get stronger," added slattery who is ranked th in the world.   i knew it would be me % and it was a combination of me and also because i have the highest amount on my head.”   i knew i wanted to use instant film and so i decided to take a walk around my neighbourhood and just take shots along the way.   "i knew my legs were gone.   i knew my notes weren't as good as they should be, always rushed.   i knew the game was up.   "i knew there was a phenomenal opportunity," he says.   "i know from looking at her, observing her, her reaction, it wasn't good.   i know, i’m as surprised as you are.   i know in my heart that this was not a choice,” his wife, bridget turner, wrote in a public facebook posting days before the funeral.   i know it may sound a bit counterintuitive, but i decided to place my own personal development and interests as a priority.   i know one guy who has flown them in africa and australia who thinks it's a great aircraft.   "i know people who are taking drugs because they have been waiting for years and still don't know what will happen to their asylum request," he said.   i know she's the type of fighter that i want to test myself against.   i know someone who can get that done for us right away."   "i know that the politics around trade can be hard in both our countries, but i know that prime minister abe, like me, is deeply committed to getting this done.   "i know the family of michael tierney are so grateful for the help and support of the community.   “i know their league form isn’t great and i am sure they will be dangerous opposition on saturday after a tough defeat at home (- against oxford).   "i know the left wants to make this into an attack on religion and that's not what this is.   i know this is a western country and people won't like it, but those are the instructions from the rcmp."   "i know this seems misleading to you but it is meant as more of a visual effect more than an accurate location of drivers in the area," wrote the uber staff member.   i know you're wondering what the hell you've done.   i learned from everyone around me.   i leave him to ponder the carbon make-up of boxes as i turn to the other volunteer - we can call him colin.   "i let my team down, i feel like.   ilha grande with its hiking trails and isolated beaches, this tropical island and former pirate roost makes for a perfect downshift from the buzz of rio.   i liked eileen in the beginning; however i'm starting to see a dark, insecure, cynical side to her that will become her downfall.   i like having a bit of pressure," added the attacker.   "i like her because she puts up with all the muck that gets thrown at her."   "i like the way uber is right now," phinney said.   i like to get away from the bustle and hustle of the city, so like last weekend i went out.   “i like to have a variety of palettes.”   i literally made a bet with my friend that it would never happen and i felt so cocky.   "i lived in nc for years.   "i'll be able to go to my tomb and rest in peace because my name has finally been cleared and justice has been done," william vasquez said after his named was cleared at a hearing in brooklyn state supreme court.   i'll be alright," jastremski responded.   i'll distribute the paper to you when the final draft is completed.   i’ll have more to say about it below, after which i hope it’ll seem obvious.) step : remember, from step , that the little and medium triangles add up to the original big one.   i'll just point out the irony of thomas jefferson, the author of the declaration of independence, owning hundreds of slaves -- and slowly walk away.   "i'll march with a flag to david cameron before i see it close, we won't go without a fight."   illnesses tied to the outbreak occurred between march and may , according to the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention (cdc).   illo said he wants to get an altar boy program up and running for all masses, as part of a larger father and sons program at the church.   "i'll probably never work again.   "i'll probably reflect on the fact that i'm still lucky enough to be here to celebrate and unfortunately others aren't."   i look around and sure enough a young japanese couple (in shorts) is placing an order at a touch screen kiosk that looks a little incongruous in such an opulent setting.   "i look at who might be able to step up and take on those challenges, and to me, i see a lot of good people out there, but i see gaps," he told conservative talk-radio host charlie sykes.   i looked across the road and saw people on the cafe terrace falling over.   i looked around and there was nothing but land.   i looked at him and realised this man, as my boss and the man that signed my time sheets, was never going to advance on me.   i looked at their faces and thought, 'that makeup is really good,' " he remembers.   "i look forward to getting to city and town democratic committees, calling their chairs, asking when their next meeting is and when i could attend."   'i lost my business — it's all burned up — my shop, my house, years of living.'   i lost the talent show battle, the peppermint candy battle, the purple shoe battle, and so many more.   i love how the windows frost up and the smell of the rain and the slight chill in the air, a good book, good movie and some cowheel soup (a tasty soup common in trinidad) or corn soup, and i am literally in heaven on earth.   i love it here; great team, great city, great guys.   "i love my boys and i saw that dog and it was somebody's.   "i love periscope because broadcasts are real-time, interactive and very engaging.   i love shopping at costco (cost) as much as the next guy.   "i love the nfl.   “i love the philosophy of snapchat and the idea of capturing a moment that then immediately disappears, unpolished and rough around the edges,” mr. bailey said before the show.   “i love the snow,” he says.   i love this complicated idea of how many lena's there are.   i love you, paris and your glorious people.   i'm about to type words that shouldn't need to be typed, but no parent should ever have to bury their child — ever.   i made a couple of long putts, which always helps."   i made every effort to make sure my party didn’t interfere with my niece’s.   i made my first exposure in a state of ecstasy, but by the time i loaded the second plate, the vision has vanished to become just another landscape.   “i made some introductions for her and said good luck,” says lee, who looked at alba’s -page powerpoint in but didn’t bite.   image of tom harding carries the family dog, blackie, to a napa county dump truck before his family followed him to catch a ride out of their ragatz road neighborhood in napa county in february .   image of hai nguyen (left) and mark streeter are married by deputy marriage commissioner john pleskach at city hall in san francisco, california, shortly after the supreme court's ruling in favor of same-sex marriage on friday, june , .   image of as is tradition at the bay to breakers, some individuals chose not to dress for the occasion, like this group of men making their way down howard street during the race.   image caption alicia pena bizama says students are feeling extra financial pressure three student protests and occupations this year have called for better counselling services.   image caption entertainment stories lead some papers, with the sunday people reporting that a band of filipina sisters who proved a hit on x factor were already professional singers who had recorded songs in their home nation.   image caption groningen "i thought do i want to settle for paying £, to go to a university that is not going to give me the same quality of education as somewhere that costs , euros (£,)?   image caption home secretary theresa may described previous findings as "deeply troubling" the new investigation was prompted by the findings of a review in which named a former undercover met police officer and said he spied on the lawrence family.   image copyright edwin koo image caption a total of , masks were taken over for distribution the team of five arrived in kalimantan on monday, where they spent three days visiting local schools and hospitals to distribute masks.   image copyright fotis plegas / reuters image caption a migrant woman is seen carrying her child after arriving at a rocky beach on the greek island of lesbos, having crossed the aegean sea from the turkish coast.   image copyright getty images both mr keary and former deputy head alison brannick said prevent training for teachers had focused on "the stereotype of the angry young man", which none of the girls had fitted.   image copyright getty images image caption the tea ceremony and other traditional attractions remain popular with visitors mr mikami says that one of the biggest cheerleaders for the country during the two events can be the japanese public.   image copyright mark ralston / afp image caption firefighters in the us state of california are still battling to stop the spread of major wildfires.   image copyright my stealthy freedom alinejad tells bbc trending that many women "simply don't know" they can request amendments to their marriage contract, even after they've signed it.   image copyright nammo image caption nammo of norway will be providing the hybrid rocket motors the design configuration, with all components present and linked together, has yet to run in anger.   image: samsung by partnering with brands, samsung is effectively helping shape this particular streak of content that's branded, but not aggressively so.   images: china takes flight photos china takes flight – china's j- fighter jets perform during the airshow on november , .   "image sensors are critical to smartphones," ranking third in importance after battery power and the display, said infotrends analyst ed lee.   image sensors, which are used in digital cameras and smartphones, are part of toshiba's system lsi semiconductor business.   images like this one, from his last film "giant," ensure that james dean will remain in our collective memory as a role model for being laid back.   images of some of the letters and papers will be available online to researchers and the public as part of a collection of anti-slavery material.   images of the crash site showed that the plane had been pulverized.   imagine an american flag.   imagine how fed up you'd get, having your merits and achievements ignored, while everyone gawped at your kneecaps, and stroked them and grabbed them without your permission.   imagine how much more time you'd spend in the past if berenice abbott's photos from the s were added.   imagine how much you could save if you stop heading to restaurants two or three times a week.   imagine living in a neighbourhood that is often bombed, and you constantly run the risk of getting sniped at or threatened at gunpoint.   i make no apologies for that – those are important businesses, and we run them well," rometty said at a conference hosted by the wall street journal in laguna beach, california on tuesday.   "i make sure i talk about the new services that are out there.   "i'm allergic to cats, which results in a nasty reaction around my eyes, but when i was away, the cat had come into my room and sat on my pillow," says emma, who lived as a weekday lodger with a mother and daughter in eastbourne while studying.   i'm a lot more worried about getting enough calories to keep going.   i'm an expert in business growth and overcoming organizational obstacles to success and a public speaker at conferences and management meetings on how to grow your organization.   "i'm a preacher's daughter and this is the hardest thing i've ever had to do in my life," she added.   i’m assuming not, because the above winners (yes, even the best ones) would make you think golden globes songs are reserved only for anthems of sorrow.   i'm a strong advocate of choosing foods that match the season but making simple yet scrumptious soup out of any veggie goes great with heavier food and cold days.   “i’m at a loss for words.   i'm a third year student and i’m about to graduate, so i decided to tell my teacher because if i had ruined our relationship at this late stage, it wouldn’t have mattered that much."   imax corporation is headquartered in toronto with executive offices in new york and los angeles, and offices in london, tokyo, shanghai and beijing.   i’m being held hostage by abu sayyaf for -billion pesos,” he said.   i'm betting @barackobama one case of canadian beer per hockey game this week.   i'm called an illegal "alien" in this country, even though i consider it home.   i'm careless about these things," he said.   “i’m concerned about japan always following the united states.”   "i'm confident you will be a strong voice for alberta in the federal government," notley said.   i'm continuing to pursue it,'' he said in .   "i'm definitely a chip off the old block.   i'm definitely not yours, or your brother's."   i mean at that time, i don't even think could go and buy those jerseys," palson said "so it wasn't as simple as going out to a store, picking up a jersey and wearing it," palson said.   "i mean, he came from the business community and as a lawyer.   i mean i don't have any white in me.   "i mean, i'm kind of mad because i've been suspended for five games.   "i mean, it's obvious.   i mean, it's unbelievable really, man."   i mean it was obviously a scary incident," lippert added.   i mean, look, where can you throw it anymore?   i mean, my main character is brazenly, unapologetically bisexual, and you don't see a lot of characters like that in either so-called cinema or queer cinema.   "i mean, that's something you can only dream about.   "i mean, to be her size, she hits so hard and she plays so well," the american said of her next opponent.   "i mean, we've got kun (sergio aguero) up front, we've got (wilfried) bony, we've got so many players who will be able to link up with him we will be able to make him better as well."   i met jerry nine, the rail-thin auction owner, who told me ranchers have called him in tears during drought years because they've had to sell nearly all of their cattle.   i'm excited for her, but i'm more excited for myself,” said anderson.   imf chief christine lagarde on thursday repeated her plea to fed chair janet yellen to stay her hand.   i’m fine, my family’s fine.   i'm forced to ride in ngovene's four-by-four while the photographer, toby selander, is put in a different car.   “i’m from jerusalem and people are dying everyday.   "i'm going to be the new kid on the block and i want to have a lot of support from the people, especially my teammates," he said.   "i'm going to bring millions of jobs back into this country."   “i’m going to lead the charge in the next couple of weeks as the patriot act comes forward,” he told the union leader.   "i'm going to restore it, no matter how much work it is," he says.   i'm happy for the team and the club.   i'm happy i got through it.   "i'm happy to say i'm going home to texas and will be a spur!   "i'm here in china to help forge closer economic and cultural relationships between our nations, and this announcement is another great example of things we are doing to help grow both of our economies."   "i'm hoping that fifa will be coming (to micronesia) next week for inspections and to hopefully affiliate us with asia," foster said.   i’m hoping to get this resolved by next week.”   i'm hugely grateful that at this point only van der vliet, martin jetpack's chief mechanical technician timothy spencer and a couple of passers-by are on hand to witness my embarrassment.   i might argue that most who came back died over there, at least a little bit.   "i might not have as many options if i choose to boycott air canada and i want to fly somewhere within the canadian border."   i'm in a positive place right now," rose said.   i'm inspired by two specific examples.   i'm in the immigration line at the turkey-iran border and my heart is pounding as i wait to be stamped into the islamic republic.   "i'm in third place now.   i miss that little face because you love it."   i'm jaded when it comes to new windows versions.   “i’m just happy to be back, and i’m happy i got it done.”   “i'm just sad, more than anything.   i’m looking forward to exploring.”   "i'm lucky because i live with my parents, who are retired and get pensions.   "i'm marking you down as a neutral and i want to be your second choice if i decide to go beyond this," bush said.   immigrants started to get bail hearings late last year after the th circuit court of appeals overturned the law.   immigration and customs enforcement spokesman bryan cox says his agency is not pursuing any kind of criminal investigation of the people involved.   immigration enforcement has been under intense scrutiny since an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times was charged with the fatal shooting of a woman on a san francisco pier this summer.   immigration has helped britain, but integration remains a challenge at first glance, it might seem that the uk and china have the opposite problem when it comes to population.   'i'm nearly half way through my life'- -year-old alex tilley, founder, tilley endurables the surprise decision came in a newspaper ad on tuesday announcing the company' sale.   i'm no legal expert, but it almost sounds like sleeping with a prostitute and then paying her, then charging her with prostitution.   "i'm not a brilliant white-coated jimmy neutron trapped in a lab," she once told her alma mater's michigan engineer magazine, making reference to the kid-scientist cartoon character.   "i'm not afraid to wait," said -year-old idy leong.   "i'm not a girl trying to be a star," says winehouse at the end of the trailer.   i'm not an expert."   "i'm not being critical of my party, but campaigns themselves are reflective of this new america."   "i'm not comparing my self to anyone "i'm admiring and acknowledging there rebel hearts "this is niether a crime or an insult or racist!   i'm not finding it alarming at this point, although i do think it may well be reflecting in the fact that people are coming forward to report an … underreported crime."   “i’m not going to apologize for any of it,” claeys said.   i'm not going to let this opportunity go away."   i'm not gonna lie about that."   i'm not interested in giving my children the gifts of obesity, hypertension, diabetes and any number of associated health problems because all i can afford is cheaper sugar- and sodium-laden processed foods.   "i'm not saying this is going to develop in to some formal peace process.   i'm not sure they'll be able to accept my check and record it."   "i'm not that sad anymore or depressed.   i'm obsessed with the symbology of america: mcdonald's, marlboro, coca-cola, nike.   "i'm out near the old concrete plant checking out two male white, a male black," gliniewicz said over the radio on september , according to the affiliate.   impact investments are becoming more important among european governments and uhnwis.   "implementation day will not happen until iran complies with all steps under jcpoa," a u.s. official told reporters on a conference call late saturday.   imports of bottled water are up sharply in volume terms, rising from million litres two years ago to million litres in the first months of this year, according to chinese customs.   "impossible," she says.   i’m praying to god to show me how.”   impressionist and modern artworks continue to corner the market because "they are beautiful, accessible and a proven value," added sarah lichtman, a professor of design history and curatorial studies at the new school.   "i'm probably also the only person alive to already have seven graves," he says, enjoying my careful attention.   improved pubs were generally built on a bigger scale - and often tried to offer activities beyond drinking.   improvements need to be made to our education and criminal justice system.   improvements to marina infrastructure are important because the montague waterfront is the town's best asset, says mayor richard collins.   i’m really angry.   "i'm really excited to be in korea.   "i'm really glad director hou gave this opportunity to challenge myself," shu qi said.   "i'm really proud of our young people, not just from chicago but from around the nation who have organized, advocated and agitated so that none of us can deny the reality of the problem of unchecked police abuse in black communities."   “i’m really, really proud of them.   "i'm really saddened," erdogan said.   "i'm relieved that it's over, but i don't think it will ever be over, you know?" said rena medek, whose daughter micayla was among those killed.   i'm so excited about that."   “i’m sorry, bollocks,” shot back may, before showing the savagery of the “sport” with a graphic picture of a fox being flushed out.   i'm sorry what happened but stop misleading.   “i’m standing in the threshold,” gyllenhaal recalled, “using the doorway as a defense against his challenging words.   "i'm starting to like it now," she said.   i'm supposed to have my followers in mind at all times, never letting a "just because" celebratory image slip through the cracks, lest i give the wrong impression of how easy and/or struggle-fuelled my days are.   i'm sure ross will be with us that evening.   "i'm surprised," infante said.   i'm surprised the bbc haven't opened one up on the new man utd home kit, so obvious is their bias.   “i’m tasked with keeping us relevant in terms of what’s trending, what’s happening in other places that maybe our customers aren’t aware of — and sharing that information,” kim says.   "i'm the best in sweden at entrepreneurship," he proclaims, sounding a bit like donald trump, a figure whose anti-establishment moxie he says he admires, as he speeds from his native town skara to his first and biggest site for refugees.   i'm the ceo of tiqiq.   “i'm trying,” she said, “to be good.”   "i'm trying to get over into the other lane — i need to push!" she said.   “i’m very fortunate in my life, and to be able to do this for this family that works so hard, it is an amazing feeling,” he added.   "i'm very honored to be able to write for this particular pope, but it's also a great honor for me to be a part of such an event," he said.   "i'm very lucky that he was my father.   "i'm well aware i'm going to come into some criticism for those remarks," coe said.   i'm worried whether they will, like their counterparts in europe, be tempted to turn against the american order that has so badly served them.   "i myself have been mourning over the irreparable damage that has been done to many by this whole circumstance, yet the reason i feel obliged to make these remarks is an overwhelming desire to vindicate the name of god."   "i myself was interested in the truth being established in this case.   in , the bell was turned so an undamaged portion is now struck with a smaller hammer.   in , utah was admitted as the th state.   "in months i'm turning over the keys.   "in months, we've rolled it out to north america, to both the commercial and federal sector; we've rolled it out to the uk, we've rolled it out to japan; we've rolled it out to germany; we've now rolled it out to australia.   in , herman fisher and irving price embarked on a journey to change the toy industry.   in , the united auto workers union staged its first "sit-down" strike at the general motors fisher body plant no. in flint, michigan.   in , the nazis occupied brussels, belgium, during world war ii.   in , german forces massacred residents of the french village of oradour-sur-glane.   in desmond was arrested and fined for refusing to leave the whites-only section of the roseland theatre in new glasgow.   in , the doors to the disneyland hotel are thrown open to the public.   in , the country's government asked benjamin britten to write it an anthem.   in , it become independent.   in , erich honecker became the first east german head of state to visit west germany as he arrived for a five-day visit.   in , alleyne toured countries in the caribbean and africa with pianist oliver jones.   in , bulgaria's grand national assembly voted to change the country's name from the people's republic of bulgaria to the republic of bulgaria and invalidate the communist constitution of .   in , iraq launched a scud missile attack against israel, injuring people.   in , the united states closed its embassy in somalia as the african nation plunged into civil war, according to the state department.   in "i will always love you" was released - and whitney went on to sell around million albums worldwide.   in , he won a special election to fill al gore's vacant u.s. senate seat.   in , the united states placed the group on its list of foreign terrorist organizations, where it remains today.   in , baseball great joe dimaggio died at age .   in , the first king ranch f- arrived.   in , taiwan formally became the wto’s th member.   in , "crazy in love" had all of the elements of a summer hit: catchy lyrics, an irresistible beat, built-in dance moves and a hot music video to match.   in , the captive wildlife safety act was passed, criminalizing the import, export, buying, selling, transporting, receiving and acquiring of certain big cats, with exemptions.   in , when netanyahu was finance minister, israel shifted to a free-market economy.   “in , i rallied on the steps of the massachusetts state house in support of same-sex marriage and i was proud when massachusetts became the first state to recognize marriage equality.   in , the institute of medicine released a report saying a careful review showed that complications from all vaccines are rare.   in , the radio-television news directors association honored mitchell with the leonard zeidenberg award for her contribution to the protection of first amendment freedoms.   in , billionaire kirk kerkorian bought a stake in gm, and later urged then-gm ceo rick wagoner to forge an alliance with the renault-nissan alliance, run then and now by carlos ghosn.   in , he was inducted into the wwe hall of fame.   in , then-transit director john hubbell boasted of ordering diesel for cents per litre before it soared to retail prices in the mid-s.   in , we nearly lost an ndot worker when the shaft opened up.   in , when the board became owner-controlled, the hoa requested orbitel terminate the agreement because of the conflict of interest.   in , colombian president alvaro uribe won a second term by a sizable margin.   in , iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki announced a restoration of diplomatic ties with syria after years of strained relations.   in , sacha baron cohen and isla fisher swapped vows in paris in front of just six wedding guests.   in , casebolt and other officers arrested albert brown jr., who authorities say was found with crack cocaine during a traffic stop.   in , his remains, together with those of the man who may have been his lover, the scholar-poet angelo poliziano, were disinterred from the dominican convent of san marco, in florence.   in , gno fair housing filed a lawsuit claiming racial discrimination.   in , new jersey concrete company bilcon appealed the rejection of its proposal to open a -year quarry at whites point on digby neck.   in then-chinese president hu jintao (胡錦濤) made six taiwan policy proposals, known as “hu’s six points.”   in , he had an especially impressive windfall.   in , i was fortunate enough to meet tam, a male bornean rhinoceros in a sanctuary in malaysia.   in , leon panetta, former california congressman and chief of staff to president bill clinton, was chosen by president-elect barack obama to be head of the cia.   in prime launched same-day delivery and last year started a one-hour delivery service, prime now.   in , the controversial king was convicted of manslaughter, arson and assault charges for offences committed more than two decades ago.   in , about percent of people in sub-saharan africa were christian, according to a pew research center study.   in , a doctor in bakersfield was found dead inside her ex's chimney three days after getting stuck while attempting to break into his home.   in , a worldwide ban on cluster bombs went into effect.   in , flash floods swept across arkansas campgrounds, killing at least people.   in , he produced the off-broadway world premiere musical falling for eve, written by tony award winner joe di pietro.   in just . percent were vegetarian or vegan.   in , former arkansas governor mike huckabee (who is running for the white house in ) played to his party’s base by echoing the conspiracy theory that president obama grew up in kenya.   in , gander marked the tenth anniversary of / with a reunion.   in , he said his fourth mandate would be his last but he stood again this year.   in , he told christians not to rent space in their churches to muslims because he claimed muslims believe "that jesus christ and all the people that follow him are a bunch of infidels who should be essentially obliterated."   in , sullivan became the youngest director of policy in department history, an experience that earned him clinton's implicit respect and trust.   in , the car maker established a joint venture with mitsubishi motors to produce minicars and other vehicles.   in , tokyo electric power co.’s nuclear plant disaster and accounting fraud at olympus corp. failed to elicit shareholders’ public wrath.   in , a white supremacist killed six people at a sikh temple in oak creek, wisconsin.   in it asked all staff to consider taking voluntary redundancy in a bid to save money, but only a handful of staff applied, and even fewer were accepted.   in it produced water to help victims of hurricane sandy even though the company has a brewery in newark, nj as well.   in , nearly million blood donations were collected worldwide.   in , rakhine gained notoriety after buddhist monks in the state violently attacked rohingya muslims, leaving approximately , displaced.   in , the first company dropped out, followed by a second the following year.   in , the group was hit by a major it meltdown that led to a large fine.   in , the state approved funding to support a mein kampf edition with academic annotation for publication in to place the work in a clearer historical and moral context.   in - the price increased from amd up to amd totaling amd by apr , .   in , about . million malaria cases and , deaths were reported there, out of a population of . million, who data show.   in , a contracting service, petrosan contracting ltd., filed a lawsuit against terrasan, alleging it hadn't been paid for preliminary work and materials provided to the developer in relation to the royal york road property.   in , a french tribunal suspended the plans for a few months before the administrative court of paris' appeals court allowed the federation to expand into the serres d'auteuil.   in , ffortissimo "covertly" rolled an old grand piano onto the bluffs over half moon bay, and sunset piano was born.   in he had to apologize to ronaldo after a bizarre impersonation of the madrid star.   in , he pleaded no contest in los angeles to a charge of driving under the influence and was ordered to complete three months of rehabilitation for alcohol abuse.   in he unveiled a one-of-a-kind exhibit, nancy loves nashville, at the nashville international airport that revealed the location of three rocks as a suburb just outside of nashville.   in , only % of hospitals made sure that only breast milk was given to healthy infants who were being breast-fed and who did not require formula for medical reasons.   in only % completed the challenge.   in , the guinness world records certified that nearly , zombies were the world's largest gathering of the undead.   in , the magazine specifically threatened charb and included an article titled “france the imbecile invader.”   in , yet another tax category was added, a . percent net investment income tax on married couples earning more than $, per year.   in , germany received six times the number of asylum seeker applicants than britain, and twice as many as any other country in europe, the guardian reported.   in , reeve enrolled at bhsu to round out his degree and become eligible for the alternate certification program in south dakota, which was done at a master’s level.   in , russians jammed the virtual fence that serves as their border and snatched an estonian federal agent.   in , the number spiked, and although the final numbers haven't been calculated, it's estimated somewhere around , jews left for israel.   in , vinyl lp sales increased % and accounted for % of all physical album sales, according to the nielsen music report.   in , with jon cooper, a tech entrepreneur specializing in marketing and sales, wendschuh started ebbu, setting up a lab and hiring five research scientists.   in , the eia sees production falling by , barrels a day, about percent.   in years, hurcomb has documented a profound transition in life in the north.   in a essay, he wrote that he’d donated more than $ billion to his foundations.   in a survey from the national small business administration, four out of five business owners reported having no mobile website.   in a study, the pew research center showed that the median income for a white household is close to $, compared to the meager $, for black households.   in a bid to stem the flow of foreign fighters heading to the middle east, australia made it a criminal offense for its citizens to travel to certain parts of iraq and syria that are held by islamic state movement fighters.   in a blog post on monday, the company said the "million dollar ios bug bounty" is aimed at security researchers, reverse engineers and jailbreak developers willing to take on apple security for financial reward.   in a blog post, the company said: "the updated language emphasizes that twitter will not tolerate behaviour intended to harass, intimidate, or use fear to silence another user's voice.   in a brief statement, palace officials said the duchess of cambridge was admitted at a.m. local time saturday at st. mary's hospital.   in a chicago appearance recently, the retired congressman had the sold-out crowd at the center on halsted well entertained as he detailed his -year journey in public service.   in a comment left on huffman's announcement, wong attacks huffman's claim, alleging that he was perfectly willing to eradicate controversial content in the past.   in a conventional microchip, the processor, which executes computations, and the memory, which stores data, are separate components.   in acting, they call it going "off script."   in addition, $, has been provided for educational, sports and cultural programs.   in addition, arm plans to launch iot operating system embed os to make it easier for clients to develop iot devices and connect them with each other through arm’s server software, he added.   “in addition, as an mp, i have no hospitality budget so when, for example, the mayor of bournemouth comes up for an annual lunch at the house of commons, the bill comes out of my own pocket.   in addition, electrical stimulation of the back muscles could help activate the muscles and help the patient to keep his torso upright, without the use of a body support system, do said.   in addition, former gov. jim gilmore of virginia is expected to announce his candidacy soon.   in addition, golfers hit more balls which increases muscle memory and most importantly, hitting off a power tee system is fun.   in addition, instruction coach mindi gates said colleges do not want students skipping math studies in the junior or senior years, according to chancellor, universities ultimately want to see students exposed to more math classes.   in addition, it will add missouri to the list of other states that require welfare recipients to take immediate steps to seek employment in order to receive benefits.   in addition, laparoscopic appendectomy is minimally invasive and patients usually go home the same day, he added.   in addition, new york city public advocate letitia james will be filing a brief tuesday, a spokesman told the huffington post, and the naacp is also expected to file a brief.   in addition, no carbon particles were found in their trachea, indicating that they died instantly upon impact rather than from smoke inhalation, the report said.   in addition, some of the chickens had developed antibodies for “h” hemagglutinin, thereby disqualifying them from their intended use, as sentinel chickens must not be infected or carry any antibodies, chang said.   in addition, spouses or civil partners will, in most cases, be able to inherit some of the payments.   in addition, the apple watch has the ability to track your activity and exercise.   in addition, the device is not recommended for children younger than . "prolonged use should be avoided, as this could negatively impact hand-eye coordination, balance and multitasking ability," the lengthy disclaimer warns.   in addition, the migrants themselves then moved around on the overcrowded boat, which was already unbalanced from the collision, making it capsize.   in addition, the samsung pay app will create a barcode that can be scanned if the magnetic card reader function doesn't work.   in addition, the transitioning process can take years, and some transgender people forego reassignment surgery because of cost or other reasons.   in addition to cutting the time of your colds, zinc may boost your libido, help heal wounds, and prevent out-of-control inflammation.   in addition to dropping a misdemeanor domestic violence charge against galette, prosecutors dropped a simple battery charge against galette's cousin, codefendant terrance banks.   in addition to financial compensation for day scholars, gottfriedson says he is also seeking compensation for their descendants, as well as money for a healing fund.   in addition to ford's han solo, carrie fisher returns as princess leia, and mark hamill reprises his role as luke skywalker.   in addition to gaining more ground that would make it harder to turn back the tide on the growth in isis, much of lebanon's resources and armaments could be compromised.   in addition to his base salary and benefits, he will receive incentive bonuses.   in addition to increased risk because of crowded living situations, proximity to a person diagnosed with disease (e.   in addition to international sales and marketing efforts, the phlcvb also relies on robust global public relations outreach within those markets to grow awareness of philadelphia as a world-class tourism destination.   in addition, to isolate isil from the international financial system, we've actively targeted isil's key financial facilitators.   in addition, tokyo and manila held their first joint naval exercises in the south china sea this month.   in addition to photography skills, tour guides share knowledge of the birds and other wildlife of the area.   in addition to playing trumpet in the band's wind ensemble and ceremonial band, mu ratliff is the outreach coordinator, vocalist, and leading petty officer of the wind ensemble.   "in addition to providing leisure space for citizens, it is also bundled with the purification of danshui river and other rivers."   in addition to providing support to many victims of sexual abuse they have both become incredible advocates and have gone about making significant change."   in addition to providing tv content production services to foreign customers, promising is the industry of developing formats and ideas.   in addition to quality electrochemical instruments and cell design, gamry takes pride in offering top notch support both before and after the sale.   in addition to the failed unixware partnership, in june of , novell looked to enter the office productivity software space by purchasing wordperfect corporation.   in addition to the five-story, -million-square-feet terminal (scheduled to open in about ), terminal 's second round of upgrades will be completed in .   in addition to these more-traditional methods of promotion, both sites have also partnered with individual franchises in major u.s. professional sports leagues.   in addition to the tax deduction on your ira contribution, you can also claim the saver’s credit.   in addition to those on passenger lists, some have suggested that the number of missing could actually be higher, as would-be migrants often try to sneak onto such vessels.   in addition to walking through the church, joanne stentaford also managed to get up and dance with her son to what a wonderful world.   in addition, using the lesser standard of "reasonable actionable suspicion" to query the database does not meet the constitutional standard of "probable cause."   in addition, with starting salaries above the national median, the teaching profession attracts, develops, and retains some of the best graduates.   in a december interview with france television, he described xi as a "realist" who was being held back by elements within the communist party.   in a dimly lit restaurant, the galaxy’s photos picked up more details and looked sharper but had an orangish cast.   in a facebook posting, yoon meehyang, who heads an activist group representing south korean women forced to serve as wartime sex slaves for japanese troops, said kim was a consistent trouble-maker at the group's rallies several years ago.   in a farmhouse on a puget sound island in , a young girl named setsuko kobayashi hides her precious japanese doll, while her parents hastily burn all papers and photographs that might tie them to japan.   in afghanistan's first summer fighting season since foreign troops stepped back from combat roles, the taliban have pushed into several districts in the north and south but have mostly struggled to keep hold of them.   in a fight to save the trees, firefighters have been clearing lines with bulldozers around the grant grove and putting up sprinklers.   in a footnote nobody was anxious to discuss, manning came up short in his bid to break brett favre's league records for passing yardage and wins by a starting quarterback.   in a four-page public response, hrc admitted it had serious internal problems, but promised to change.   in a fresh sign that the united states is creating more distance with the weakness in europe and elsewhere, the commerce department said friday that the economy churned out , jobs last month.   in afternoon trade, trade volume in shares of the financial services firm was nearly double its average for the entire day.   in a game where the second period kiss-cam offered more action than the better part of three periods of play, the dynamic last few minutes proved a fitting end to a jets season that's had its fair share of highs and lows.   in a hearing on capitol hill last month, former cia director david petraeus also said the u.s. has the "capability" of stopping assad's air force if the syrian dictator continues to use barrel bombs against his own people.   in a january hearing, he accused democrats of being hypocritical.   in a joint declaration, they pledged their continued military support, through the provision of equipment, training and airstrikes, as well as stressing the importance of reforms and reconciliation by iraq's government to tackle sectarian division.   in a joint press conference at the white house on friday, president barack obama said the us and uk will do everything in their power to help france seek justice for last week's terror attacks.   in a later incident, the generator was placed in the rear of a structure, but not far enough; carbon monoxide went back through the exhaust into the building.   in a letter sent to the citizenship court judge earlier this month, dror bar-natan states his opposition to the oath, which he calls “repulsive,” and his plan to renege on the pledge following his citizenship ceremony on monday.   in all, , firefighters worked large fires saturday in california, where a four-year drought has created ideal conditions for a wildfires, said the state agency cal fire.   in all buttler clobbered eight sixes and ten boundaries to pulverise pakistan's bowling.   in all of them, the model seemed to be striving to meet a certain look or expectation, and there was always shading or color blocking done over the top in a pop art style.   in all, prosecutors allege fifa officials took more than $ million in bribes to provide "lucrative media and marketing rights" to soccer tournaments.   in all, she personally led more than slaves to freedom along the underground railway.   in all three regions, ethnic minorities were less likely to use a pump: percent of minorities used a pump compared to percent of non-minorities.   in a major climate change speech in , obama established a litmus test, saying keystone wouldn't move forward if it was shown to significantly increase greenhouse gas emissions — a matter still hotly contested.   in a meeting with reporters the following month, comey left open the possibility that an agent might again pose as a journalist, though he said such a tactic ought to be rare and “done carefully with significant supervision, if it’s going to be done.”   in a message to investors rattled by the political uncertainty, erdogan insisted that the election result "certainly does not mean turkey will remain without a government".   in an advertisement that began tuesday evening, the group frames bevin as "dishonest" for misrepresenting himself on the social media site linkedin and claims that he's "not a kentucky conservative."   in an announcement last week, the online craft market said that starting in spring , macy's will stock "a unique product selection from etsy designers" in a brand-new "one below" floor at its herald square location.   in an apparent attempt to address those who may have been confused or simply unamused by the times' subsequent "wanted" ad, cacciola took to twitter: two points: ) i love my job, and ) we're still covering the knicks.   in an april report, supreme court justice marie deschamps called sexual misconduct "endemic" in canada's military forces.   in an article produced by six professional journalists, the tabloid portrayed him as a professional moocher who was living the good life on $/hour thanks to the generosity of a bunch of well-intentioned suckers.   in an article published by the journal nature, the team noted that oxygen was most likely incorporated into the nucleus of the comet during its formation.   in an email statement, vollero said that as part of their sentences the defendants were ordered to pay back more than $. million in restitution on the money stolen from u.s. taxpayers.   in a news conference friday, a police spokesman urged the public to respect differing views on the shooting.   in a new trend, many governments seeking to censor content from opponents have shifted their efforts to targeting online platforms, pressuring services like google, facebook and twitter to remove content, the report said.   in an exclusive interview with cbc's chief correspondent peter mansbridge lawson said the "terrible issue" of military sexual harassment "disturbs the great majority of everyone in uniform and yet, we're still dealing with it."   in an incident in new york, bowman "had one glass of wine and then i blacked out.   in an incredibly competitive business landscape, it takes something extraordinary to take your company to the top," says inc. president and editor-in-chief eric schurenberg.   in an informal polling, mount vernon was expected by coaches to finish at or near the bottom of the league standings.   in an instant, these contracts become judge and jury and decide whether you or someone else must write a large check to make the problem go away.   in an interview at the warsaw headquarters of frontex, leggeri said the numbers since jan. of what his agency terms "irregular crossings" into europe at all border points was the highest ever recorded.   in an interview, labrador acknowledged that obama can veto bills even if they squeak through the senate.   in an interview monday on radio-canada — she steered clear of quebec city commercial radio — marois defended payette’s -page report.   in an interview on cbc radio's metro morning on wednesday, levy said last year more than people died while waiting for a transplant.   in an interview with nbc news that aired friday, clinton said her use of the private email system wasn't the "best choice" and acknowledged she didn't "stop and think" about her email setup when she took over at the state department.   in an interview with reuters in damascus, deputy foreign minister faisal mekdad acknowledged insurgent gains, blaming support from damascus's enemies turkey, qatar and saudi arabia.   in an online statement, the militants said the district center had been completely overrun and that they had captured large quantities of weapons and other military equipment.   in an open letter, the previously unknown cossack group said the figure encouraged "open worship of satan" and was unacceptable because it was opposite a church.   in a note to clients pacific crest's hargreaves wrote: 'anecdotal evidence suggests apple watch demand is slowing quickly' and predicted sales for will reach . million - , less than his initial estimates.   in another concern for the fed, some investors are borrowing dollars cheaply and then exchanging them for the currencies of countries like australia and norway, where interest rates are higher.   in another instance, olmert asked for a $, loan, and talansky said he would like to see the money returned as soon as possible.   in another life, i covered wide receiver ed mccaffrey when he was at stanford, prior to a fine nine-year nfl career.   in another post, a woman was shown in a bikini with the caption "bang until stress is relieved or unconscious."   in another potential breakthrough, myanmar deputy foreign minister thant kyaw indicated his country would likely join regional talks in bangkok next week.   in another scandal, a leaked letter showed that at a dozen conservative cardinals had criticized the way the synod was being run and questioned any compromises the church took on marriage.   in another shanghai hospital, family members of yang chunyu said they were repeatedly denied requests to see the woman's body.   in another, she asks adviser huma abedin to teach her how to use a new ipad when it arrived in june .   in an unguarded moment, she was mourning the loss of the emotional and physical connection they once enjoyed.   in an unusual move by a foreign leader, british prime minister david cameron said he was personally calling u.s. senators to say that new sanctions would drive a wedge through international unity.   in an unusual move, last month the ambassadors of the united states, britain and nine other countries said kenya faced a "corruption crisis" and they would step up efforts to prevent the flow of illicit funds out of the country.   in an urgent hearing, south africa’s high court found that president zuma’s government was obliged to arrest, with the intention of transferring president bashir to the hague to face trial.   in a nutshell, the new version of siri coming out in ios is more like google now, offering you suggestions and information without needing to ask for it.   in any case, answers are at the end.   in any case, the evolution of our archaic voting system toward mobile platforms is inevitable.   in any environment, the competition between target and wal-mart will remain cutthroat.   "in a partisan crowd you could see how that would work out, but i don't think mrs. clinton's been forthcoming and i think she has created a problem for herself by not being forthcoming," bush said wednesday night while campaigning in new hampshire.   in a piece of news that should surprise no one, sunday night’s game of thrones finale set an all-time piracy record, according to a report from torrent freak.   "in a pluralistic society, when a person does wrong, regardless of their faith, individuals have to take a firm stand and say, 'a wrong is a wrong,' and that has to be shunned," he said.   in a poor country like pakistan, many cannot turn to bottled water as an alternative.   in a previous study, rayner found alcohol left the stomach and entered the bloodstream faster when people used diet drinks in their mixed beverages, compared to when they used regularly sweetened drinks.   in april, bloomberg news became the recipient of america's top journalism prize for the first time in the company's history.   in april, marshfield principal doug holland announced he would not be renewing his contract.   in april, officers arrested gray, a -year-old black man, just blocks from where the kids safe zone now stands.   in april, when the administration rolled out the initial framework of a nuclear agreement, top iranian officials quickly contradicted many of the details.   in a q&a session with zdnet, rohyt belani, co-founder and ceo of ny-based phishme talked about malicious threats affecting the enterprise today, and what the future holds for today's businesses.   in a recent interview relayed by entertainment weekly, the man responsible for iconic hits like jaws and jurassic park effectively said that current age of the superhero movie is nothing more than a passing fad destined to go away of the western.   in a recording of a call, hof's spokesman richard hunter said odom was breathing but in a "deep sleep" and had fluid coming from his nose and mouth.   in a scene that suggests the intent of the whole show, she simply looks up at didi and asks, “do you think about me?”   in a separate case filed by the american civil liberties union, a different appeals court in new york ruled in may that the nsa program was illegal because it exceeded the scope of what congress had authorized.   in a separate civil lawsuit ajibade's family alleges that the incident started jan. when ajibade was having a manic episode caused by his bipolar disorder, and his girlfriend called police for help.   in a separate measure of state employment, there were nonfarm jobs added in december over the previous month with government showing the biggest increase with jobs.   in a separate report, financial data firm markit said its preliminary u.s. manufacturing purchasing managers' index rose to . this month from a -month low of . in june.   in a september exchange, the bank's london desk head pleads with an external banker at barclays for a reduction in the euribor rate, and apparently got it.   in a series of events in the week leading up to the actual anniversary, the city has held lectures, given tours of the levee improvements and released a resiliency plan.   in asking for money, he said he wanted some good to come out of the tragedy.   in a small pot, combine quinoa and bulgur wheat with ¾ cup water and remaining tsp chicken base.   "in a small, rural community like ours, you read about those things happening, but you don't ever imagine them happening in your hometown," allen county judge-executive johnny hobdy said friday.   in a statement carried by the saudi press agency, the coalition said it was investigating the cause of the crash in saudi arabia's border province of jizan.   in a statement, elfenbein said that snipsnap is "building a bridge between analog and digital coupon distribution."   in a statement emailed to cbc news, samsung clarified that if voice recognition is enabled, the voice data consists of "tv commands, or search sentences, only," suggesting that it shouldn't normally capture idle chatter.   in a statement explaining its poor record, wind said per cent of the complaints arose from its imposition of a cap on its unlimited u.s. roaming plan in july .   in a statement, frontier city said its rules were "developed in consultation with industry professionals."   in a statement late friday, police spokesman anthony guglielmi says chicago police turned over all evidence to the independent police review authority.   in a statement on tuesday, the coalition said nine strikes in syria hit near four cities, destroying several fighting positions, vehicles and other targets.   in a statement posted on his facebook page, huang said he would "calmly and bravely face and bear the consequences" but that what he is accused of is "not a crime".   in a statement posted on its official weibo page, the public security bureau said it took the step because of increased traffic at shopping centers during christmas.   in a statement released on saturday, the ethics committee said it had sent its final conclusions with the recommendation for sanctions to fifa's ethics judge, hans-joachim eckert, who will decide on issuing a for a binding decision.   in a statement released on tuesday, the halifax-based environmental organization slams cuts to their "longstanding and highly successful walk and bike to school" initiatives, which affect all active transportation programs for youth in nova scotia.   in a statement released through lawyer gloria allred's office, helen hayes alleged that cosby followed her and two friends "around all day" at a summer celebrity tennis tournament in pebble beach, california, hosted by actor clint eastwood.   in a statement, sia said the airbus a-, carrying passengers and crew members, "encountered bad weather at , feet about three and a half hours after departure" from singapore.   in a statement, the chief secretary to the president and cabinet, dr misheck sibanda confirmed that bhasikiti has been dismissed from his post as minister.   in a statement to cbc arts, a domtar spokesperson wrote that the company was "pleased to underwrite its programs for a number of years."   in a statement to reuters, china's foreign ministry said it hoped japan would "speak and act cautiously" over the south china sea, adding tokyo was not a party to the dispute.   in a story on wednesday by propublica and bbc, former salazar assistant steve magness accused salazar of using doping practices for his athletes at the nike oregon project.   in a telephone call with tsipras, he also called on the greeks to "fully" implement the budget cuts and economic reforms they had agreed to.   in a test of cells growing in a lab dish, this drug resulted in skin cells migrating more than twice as fast as normal.   in athens, cleaners removed overnight the debris of a pitched battle on syntagma square outside parliament between black-masked anti-bailout militants and riot police.   in a time when the issues affecting african-americans have reached new heights in the media, now, more than ever, is the time for entertainers to spread awareness and use their influence to effect positive change.   in a tweet friday afternoon, the seattle education association said productive talks with mediators earlier in the day led to the development.   in august , actress ashley tisdale tweeted about the "best night of my life" after musician christopher french popped the question on the rd floor of the empire state building.   in august, walter perkowitz of joan's on third santa monica sued joan's on third licensing alleging breach of contract, according to the hollywood reporter.   in a victory for the ncaa, a federal labor board blocked an effort by members of the northwestern university football players to form the first union for college athletes.   in a video of the incident released by police, mcnabb denies having consumed alcohol and tells the officer he was sick and was taking cough medicine.   in a video of the shooting, a man oklahoma authorities identified as bates is heard saying: "oh, i shot him.   in a vote thursday, out of hong kong's lawmakers rejected the proposal.   "in a world where it is increasingly easy to mass produce almost anything, including art, we wanted to create a space that celebrates the individuality of art that is entirely one-off, and created by hand," said helen.   in ballard, firefly kitchens is offering a “fermentation ” workshop in january, and the pantry’s upcoming fermentation classes are selling out.   'in best shape of my life' such single-mindedness is not a new discovery.   in between, he coached the nrl's st. george illawarra and the newcastle knights.   in bordeaux, , buyers from nations will hop from luxury chateaux to prestige vineyards partying and guzzling as france, the world's leading wine producer, lays out its best bottles and fare for a five-day get-together starting sunday.   in boston, temperatures are expected to be between to degrees above the normal high, with christmas eve's record high of f (c) at risk.   “in broad terms, we know what needs to be done,” he said.   in cambodia last week, security forces prevented hundreds of activists, unionists and charity workers from protesting against a proposed law which requires them to report their activities.   in came will harris, and robertson bunted up the first base line.   in canada, vehicle manufacturers are responsible for carrying out recall campaigns, not parts suppliers, nor transport canada.   "in case of emergency, we have japan on the way, so we have identified airports where we could stop but this only really is in case of very difficult technical problems," borschberg said.   in case this musical genre has passed you by, here's its leading exponent, mr b, the gentleman rhymer, playing out newsnight.   in case you’re thinking of running down there to collect a check, gichun knows what she looks like.   in castello, sea-foam green formica furniture appear on set, just as they furnish bar luce.   in championing the benefits of immigration, merkel has shown a marked turnaround from her position just five years ago.   "in chicago, snow is possible, but any totals will still be less than normal," anderson said.   "in chicago, you've got a real variation within the city among markets.   in china, gm expects total sales to slow to a to percent annual growth rate between now and .   in china, gm's profit margins fell to . percent in the first quarter from . percent a year earlier.   in china today, says liu tingfang, a professor at tsinghua university, "hospitals have to expand if they want to survive".   in classical china, there were no citizens.   in cleveland, shapiro signed cy young award winner corey kluber to a seven-year deal with the final two years being team options.   in closing arguments this week, an attorney representing one defendant accused prosecutors of overreaching in charging them with violating laws that are usually linked to organized crime.   included in this year's photo gallery are images of the first family, vice president joe biden and some of the oval office's most memorable visitors.   "include them in family gatherings and help them feel involved," she says.   including more of them in beta testing might have shown apple which missing features were important to customers and shown customers the direction the software was headed.   including those still at large, those tried comprised seven kuwaitis, five saudis, three pakistanis and stateless arabs, as well as the unidentified fugitive.   in cochran county, cotton, peanuts, peas, sorghum and sunflowers continued to mature.   income: forgetting dividends, state tax refunds, unemployment payments, and earnings from side jobs or freelance work.   income inequality in america – a nurse takes care of children of migratory farm workers in arvin, california, in .   in coming days, the white house will talk to companies in the tech sector about developing a "clearer understanding of when we believe social media is being used actively and operationally to promote terrorism," said the official, speaking on background.   in competing on top chef, she follows in the footsteps of several previous contestants from the washington area who have seen tv success elevate their culinary careers.   in contrast, i grew up in the tradition of the talmud, which creates more space for doubt and actually encourages self-reflection and existential questioning.   in contrast, u.s. policy remains confused and failing, with conflicting goals.   in court, martinez answered “guilty” to each count read aloud by judge brett alldredge.   in court, she was asked if she knew why she was feeling cold.   in court thursday, moses ordered a -day extension of a restraining order barring hernandez from selling his hummer and keeping the money.   increase in sales today does not equate to growth in future.   increase the number of opportunities to "lose" yourself in a new or old activity that occupies your brain and body.   increasing intake of omega- fats encourages fat burning and reduces the amount of insulin in the blood.   increasingly, neuroscientists believe that the key to understanding how the brain works lies in its over-all neural circuitry, and the way that widely separated brain regions communicate through the long-range projection of nerve fibres.   increasingly, researchers worldwide are developing flexible electronics, such as batteries, video displays and solar panels, that could one day make their way into clothing and even human bodies.   increasingly young ears cannot reach out to this enchanted world, and therefore turn away from it.   increasing the business license tax on landlords and using new tax revenues from short term rentals will ensure some revenue flow each year.   incredibly, children smile more than times a day.   incumbent michelle claflin will run again as will newcomers marlene moran and cody claflin.   in december, the nbaot's executive director, ellen snider, told cbc news her members were "very concerned" about wait times for equipment, for the health and safety of clients, and for the lack of choice that the move to the red cross could bring.   in december, twitter introduced a button to report abuses on the social platform as a first step.   indecom says its team has processed the scene and the body and the police officers are to interviewed.   indeed, all but four states applied for a slice of the $ billion pie, and only states and the district of columbia won grants.   indeed, by doing so, he is provoking the sunni partners he needs to crush isis and other sunni terrorist groups.   indeed, even professional theologians and life-long pastors struggle with the weight of the claims we make.   indeed, facebook itself had its own issues this year when its year in review feature surfaced painful memories of deceased loved ones for users, so it's not surprising to see the company taking steps to avoid that happening again.   indeed, he has been widely praised for his teaching, and beloved particularly by his research assistants, many of whom have gone on to important careers in practice, academia, and politics.   indeed, it’s been half a century, but that game of tug of war is still going on.   indeed, new america has studied the backgrounds of some u.s.-based militants since / who have been indicted in or convicted of some kind of jihadist terrorist crime.   indeed, one of conservative prime minister stephen harper’s last campaign appearances before monday’s election was alongside rob and his brother doug ford at a rally in toronto.   indeed, saudi motives in yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country's "legitimate government," its constitution or its electoral process.   indeed, the political answer to any and all economic problems seems to be to fire up the engine of unsustainable economic growth in such a way that the only possible impact can be further environmental destruction.   indeed, the ruling family in bahrain has traditionally cracked down hard on the opposition: in november, shiite politician sheikh ali salman was detained, accused of instigating the overthrow of the government using "violence, threats and illegal means."   indeed, they were a superior road team with the best record away from home in the league, --.   "indeed, unilingual executives are unable to manage some employees in their language of their choice.   'indeed, we need to seek a formal recognition of the kind of relationship that exists between many gay and lesbian couples.   in denmark, there was also a pattern of second-generation migrants being more "alienated" from school.   in denver, about people gathered to honor the victims of the paris attacks.   independent activists reported seven strikes and at least three major explosions in the city.   independent refiners, such as valero energy corp <vlo.   in-depth what's the big deal about deflated footballs?   "in developed countries, we're almost too clean," said dr purvi parikh, immunologist with the allergy & asthma network.   india is known for triple-a technology: appropriate, adoptable, and affordable.   india is set to surpass china as the world's most populous country -- and much sooner than previously thought.   indian activists protest against nestle's maggi instant noodles during a rally in kolkata, on ju … "the safety of our consumers is paramount.   indianapolis -- indiana attorney general greg zoeller filed a lawsuit monday morning against an indianapolis car dealership exposed earlier this year by call investigates for selling totaled vehicles to customers without disclosing that information.   indianapolis - police were looking for the driver of a stolen vehicle involved in a crash that injured two people on the city's east side early saturday.   indiana won back-to-back road games by double digits for only the second time in franchise history.   indian embassy official namgya c. khampa said "the agreements have a bilateral commercial engagement in sectors like renewable energy, industrial parks, power, steel, logistics finance and media and entertainment."   indian prime minister narendra modi, whose government has yet to announce its action plan for climate change, declared that helping his country's poor will have "great consequences for the sustainable development of our beautiful planet."   indian prime minister narendra modi yesterday led tens of thousands of people in a yoga session in the center of new delhi to showcase the country’s signature cultural export, which has prompted criticism of fomenting social divisions at home.   indians will benefit from the same developments in technology as the west -- with smart watches and fitness-tracking wristbands and smart glasses and connected contact lenses.   india were cruising at - when sri lanka hit back with four quick wickets on either side of the second new ball to make it - at tea.   indifference, and then some watson comes from a place where human indifference to other species is the ultimate crime, and where rules and laws that protect this indifference must be broken no matter who approved them.   in different ways this weekend is poignant.   in doing so, they found that cities with more racially tolerant whites have higher tipping points. . do you 'only date' a certain type?   indonesia hopes membership will strengthen its ability to secure oil supplies and attract investment to its domestic energy industry.   indonesian authorities declined the offer.   indonesian search teams divers were struggling against rough weather and strong poor visibility to lift the fuselage and what appears to be the plane's cockpit from the seabed at a depth of meters ( feet).   indonesia's disaster management agency said late on monday haze had begun drifting south towards java island, where more than half of indonesia's population lives.   indonesia's growth has been slowing for the past four years, and has recently fallen below percent for the first time since the global financial crisis.   indonesia's search and rescue agency, basarnas, will continue its work to try to retrieve bodies from the wreckage site in the java sea, the head of the agency, bambang soelistyo, said wednesday.   indonesia, the world’s largest archipelago, is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the pacific “ring of fire,” an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the pacific basin.   indonesia, who beat denmark - on wednesday, play taiwan in the quarters while the danes, weakened by the axing of top players in a cookie sponsorship row, are against japan.   industrial output fell . percent from the previous month as manufacturing lagged.   industry critics said divesting from coal for the sake of addressing climate goals was a short-sighted investment strategy.   industry executives say drug prices in india are also among the lowest in the world.   industry groups have said they welcome regulation of chemicals but said they should not have to contend with a potential for different standards across the country.   industry group the china association of automobile manufacturers reportedly said it expected sales to decrease this year.   industry is aware of the threat, and the government has called for a "digital economic miracle".   industry representatives warn the increase could have unintended effects on the economy.   indycar has produced a memorial t-shirt for sale to benefit a fund for wilson's two young daughters, and teams have been given memorial decals to put on their cars.   in each case, hazra said, henthorn stood to benefit from his wife's life insurance policies.   “in each of the last three elections, conservatives have been convicted of wrongdoing.   in early , bertone applied for the vatican to join moneyval, an oversight agency set up by the council of europe to standardize banking-transparency norms among european countries, which included on-site visits.   in early , the minsk i and ii accords effectively brought hostilities to an end after more than , people were killed in the civil war that broke in april .   in early trade the ftseurofirst index of leading european shares was up . percent at a fresh seven-year high of , points, and britain's ftse rose . percent to , points, its highest since january .   in eastern south dakota, officials were evacuating residents of delmont, population , after a tornado touched down at : a.m. ( gmt), causing minor injuries to a few people, demolishing a lutheran church, and damaging buildings.   "i need to practice the pronunciation."   i need to use it right now.   in egypt that day, a different sort of trouble struck.   in enforcing community laws, police officers are given a great deal of responsibility, latitude and discretion.   “in essence, he has been looked after by his sisters and mother all his life,” mr howard said.   in essence, the successful immigration story is about assimilating into the city on the hill.   in europe, . million metric tons of plastic is collected and recycled each year, according to industry group plastics recyclers europe (pre).   "i never buy more house than i can afford, in the game or in real life.   "i never expected him to come down, but two or three days later he was watching the first team and took a training session with our under-s.   "i never had any sick days and if i did have a sick day, it must have been on a long weekend."   i never knew aniya "ray ray" parker until after she was gone.   "i never once saw brake lights," he said.   i never realized that i actually carried my head stiff and straight to avoid snagging the cord on my shirt or arm and popping the buds right out of my ears.   "i never reported a last-minute deathbed scene where beau grabbed his father's hand," she added.   i never thought enough to do so (change the name).   i never thought it possible.   i never thought it would get the response it did.”   "i never told anyone."   i never tried that option," she added with a laugh after the question was cleared up.   "in every course there will be pieces of what i taught at crotonville," he says.   in exchange for its support, the pdci gained the post of prime minister, along with several other key government portfolios.   in exchange, india hopes for a share of africa's vast natural resources to power its own growth, as well as the support of african states to boost its profile as a global power.   in fact, a linkedin article by steve anderson states that "using electronic signatures could save billions."   in fact, about half of adults snore at least some of the time, says grandner, and it's usually not dangerous.   in fact, according to emarketer, mobile usage increased % in over what it was in .   in fact, at times it seems they view these communities as enemy combatants.   in fact, beaming data via laser has a number of advantages.   in fact, by the time isis rolled south, the effective fighting force was less than a quarter of its peak strength of ,.   in fact, caitlyn’s coming out has shed some light on his childhood.   in fact, consumer spending jumped in the final three months of last year.   in fact, governor ducey even encouraged vigilance against the dangers associated with monsoons by declaring june th through the th, "monsoon awareness week."   in fact, happy brain expert dr. richard davidson says his data shows if a person sits quietly and thinks about kindness and compassion for a half hour a day, their brain will show noticeable changes in just two weeks.   in fact, he really has some nerve to even open his mouth about the bank of the bahamas.   in fact, house parties and “organized social events” are not allowed on the premises, a rule i thought i was not breaking when i invited the neighbors over.   in fact: how could rose’s representatives even let him go speak to the commissioner of baseball knowing that the guy still bets on the game?   in fact, huawei was one company that the us national security agency (nsa) had spied on, according to leaked documents by former us government contractor edward snowden.   in fact, if you are properly prepared, you should absolutely win at your first hearing.   in fact, i'm not even sure i see the point of holidays.   in fact, it could be the last chance to save the valley from ruin.   in fact, it might be better to take care of any damages or medical bills from a bike-car collision off the bureaucratic grid.   in fact, it's actually pretty comfortable to hold in your hand, though the silicone will cling to your pants pockets whenever you take your phone out.   in fact, last season — when it wasn’t wilson running the ball — seattle averaged . yards out of the shotgun vs. . when running under center.   in fact, only % of women were very satisfied with their experiences buying bedding.   in fact, redshirting could mean that a preschool-educated -year-old is learning alongside a low-income -year-old who’s never stepped foot in a classroom—a kid whose vocabulary may be -million words smaller than her wealthier peers.   in fact, rifle sales actually fell . percent in november from the previous year, ruttenbur said.   in fact, sanders opposed doma on states' rights grounds, saying that the federal government shouldn't intrude in areas like marriage laws that historically were the prerogative of the states.   in fact, the -year police veteran killed himself on sept. because his theft of thousands of dollars from a youth program was about to be exposed, authorities revealed wednesday.   in fact, the drive has sequential read/write speeds of up to megabytes per second (mb/s) with a usb . super speed interface and random read/write speeds of up to , inputs/outputs per second (iops) and , iops respectively.   in fact, the opposite is true, argues professor fratzscher: "we would see a slowdown in the german economy, if it weren't for the massive stimulus of spending on refugees," he said.   in fact, the patriots did not even try to re-sign chung even though he had started games for them in four seasons.   in fact, the privacy group has just asked the federal trade commission to investigate whether the south korean company has really been recording people's living room convos.   in fact, the same approach was taken when the smoking ban in enclosed public places - bars, restaurants and clubs - was introduced in .   in fact, the series was started after a study found a decline in the number of young people in the uk entering the engineering workforce.   in fact, they are opposites.   in fact, they were created by printing wallpaper designs onto edible paper.   in fact, this question isn't even a question at all.   in fact, we're twice as likely to use "raunchy" emojis in personal communications than residents of any other country — and our rates of "violent" emoji usage are the highest in the entire world, at more than double the average.   "in fact, you're victimizing the most vulnerable people of a society -- jamaican as well as the u.s." lottery scamming sprang up between and when legitimate american and canadian call centers set up operations in montego bay.   in february, -year-old mario valencia was seen by police in marana, arizona, walking down the street with a rifle he had allegedly stolen from a walmart.   in february, a similar large-scale attack affected customers' names and account numbers.   in february, chief magistrate judge joseph spero allowed the suit, first filed in , to move forward on behalf of women who have donated eggs in recent years.   in february, is claimed the beheading of coptic christians in libya, mostly egyptians, prompting air strikes by cairo inside its western neighbour.   in february, sony announced a new partnership with marvel studios that brings the popular superhero into the marvel universe and added that the first standalone would bow on july , .   in february, we'll be two years removed from the incident.   infection prevention and control measures are critical to prevent the possible spread of mers-cov in health care facilities.   infectious diseases who to send team to south korea to respond to mers outbreak the who has said it will send a team to south korea to assist in local efforts to contain an outbreak of middle east respiratory syndrome.   in ferguson, a st. louis suburb which drew national attention following the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teen by a white police officer, federal authorities found racially biased abuses in both the police department and municipal court.   "infidel" author ayaan hirsi ali warns that we can't let political islamists define the territory of insult.   infiltrator infiltrators are best suited for close-quarters combat, and are particularly useful when wearing stealth camouflage.   inflatable rides for the children will be placed on pine street for enjoyment friday afternoon and evening and saturday.   "inflation is through the roof, unemployment is shockingly high and we get nothing for the amount of taxes we pay," said andre patrao, , an economist demonstrating in rio's posh copacabana neighborhood.   inflation tends to be a persistent data series, and it won't suddenly jump from . to to ," particularly in the current environment.   information about those arriving and leaving is collected together in large databases alongside the fingerprints and biometric data of visa holders and asylum seekers.   information from: lewiston tribune younews idaho potato drop by tammybixbyfa published: jan , at : am mst last updated: jan , at : am mst great night great beginning of a new year read more..   information on any match is sent back to the appropriate law enforcement agency to see if it can advance the investigation.   information society commissioner viviane reding encouraged member states to move to digital tv by january .   infowars could not be reached for immediate comment.   infusing the covert agent genre with a bit of that cheech and chong vibe gives american ultra a deliriously off-kilter energy, says cbc film reviewer eli glasner.   in general it shuts them up.   in general, the idea that public service exists for private benefit is one of the principal legacies of his regime.   "in general, the ukrainian armed forces have successfully repelled militant attacks and inflicted heavy losses in their manpower and equipment,” stelmakh said.   in gene's piece, she states that black americans, because of their misuse of african fashion and tribal markings, are responsible for the same type of cultural appropriation that white people are.   in germany, they can buy the abandoned rails and trains for cheap, about rmb, ($,) for two compartments, which is around one-tenth of the price in china.   in germany, transport minister alexander dobrindt told parliament that . million vehicles in germany are affected — diesels with -liter and .-liter engines and possibly with .-liter engines.   in gorgeous cities and medieval towns.   “in government she does what she is doing, thanks to our docility as citizens, clueless opposition parties and a civil society failing to provide direction to the ordinary men and women in the country.   in hamilton, the city and the crown corporation are involved in a bitter court dispute over the issue, with the municipal government arguing for greater local input in determining the site of each cmb.   in handcuffs, he was led around the yard to show officials where to dig.   in harlan county, kentucky, the battle of evarts ended in four deaths.   in hearing his stream of descriptions, i could almost understand what salinas meant when he described the daily bombardment of ambient feelings as a kind of white noise.   in her exact words: "what we have achieved is the result of the strong political will of all parties, and the combined commitment of many.   in her facebook post delisa lynch specifically questioned the final call of the game, a zone read option on fourth-and-one when marshawn lynch was tackled for a one-yard loss.   in her investors note, huberty also chimed in with iphone sales predictions.   in her spare time, she greatly enjoys karaoke, feeding her diablo addiction, and hanging out with her husband, jimi.   in her testimony, khayat accused the international tribunal in the hague of gagging the free press after she was ordered to take down videos showing witnesses to the assassination.   in highlands prisons along the western rim of the apurimac river valley, nearly half the inmates are in for cocaine trafficking — compared to a fifth nationwide.   in high-pressure rental markets like washington, d.c., public housing is essentially the only low-income housing that's left.   in his block, people live up to six per room, sharing three toilets and a single water tap.   in his criminal case, gupta was also ordered to make $ million in restitution to goldman and pay a $ million fine.   in his first address since the violence began, palestinian president mahmud abbas said in televised remarks that he supported "peaceful and popular" struggle against israel.   in his first match he fought reggie parks and was paid $ for a -minute match that ended in a draw.   in his first telephone conversation with the us president as canada's prime minister-designate, mr trudeau informed barack obama that he would make good on his election promise to withdraw the fighter jets.   in his first week in power, greece's new prime minister alexis tsipras signaled that he would not relinquish his anti-austerity campaign pledges.   in his letters, he described learning at san quentin of the black liberation movement and efforts to improve the lives of black prisoners.   in his notebooks, instead, he seems to spend a good deal of effort trying to manufacture them from scratch.   in his posthumous memoirs - not published till - he wrote that gonne herself told him the story.   in his psa for the "you can play project," chara states that he will back an openly gay hockey player, declaring "i will always stand up for my teammates."   in his seventh state of the union address, obama was as bold and audacious as ever.   "in his (steyn) career, there will be a lot more days like this as well," langeveldt said.   in his times magazine essay, my father compared going to detroit tigers games with his father as a child to the journeys of medieval pilgrims on their way to jerusalem.   in his un address, francis also appealed anew for the protection of christians and other people persecuted by extremists in syria and iraq.   in honor of "teen wolf" turning this year, we've ranked of fox's most questionable films.   in houston, which doubles as the world's energy capital and home to the u.s. space program, there is also occasional crossover between aerospace and energy.   in humans, mutations in the duox gene can lead to underactive thyroids, the researchers said.   in indonesia, a market that's among the most social-media-savvy in the world, uber's main rival is a motorcycle taxi service call go-jek.   in interviews, richards denied that she and locklear were still friends at the time she began seeing sambora.   in interviews, veterans affair minister kent hehr has not been definitive on whether nine veterans affairs offices across the country previously closed by the conservatives would remain in their old communities under a liberal plan to reopen them.   in iowa, for example, she has a % favorability rating compared to % in the middle of july.   in iowa the next day, she announced her plan that would cap out-of-pocket drug costs for working families at $ per month for covered medications.   in it, he called mexican immigrant criminals and rapists, prompting several businesses, including nbc, univision and macy's, to cut ties with trump.   in it, he chooses a song from every year from to as that year's most important rap song, and then presents an argument for it.   "initial interest was best captured through: a desirable screen name starting with a letter in the top half of the alphabet; an attractive still picture; and a fluent headline message," the paper says.   initially a groundbreaking pp file sharing protocol, bittorrent is now a website offering a range of programs and services.   initially, commissioner travis bies called for an executive session with just mooney and custer county sheriff rick wheeler in the room, but was told by county attorney tracy kelley that was not an option.   "initially, i didn't love the way it tastes, but i knew it was good for me," stevens said.   "initially it was a shock," mays said.   initially, senate republicans refused to appoint anyone to run the cfpb unless a board replaced the director, funding was to be directed by appropriations, and the focus on consumer protection was diluted with an additional "safety and soundness" mission.   initially, the nazi culture ministry granted the kulturbund relative freedom, so long as its performers and audiences were exclusively jewish.   initially, there was no charity involved.   initially, ulukaya said tent will be housed in chobani's office in new york city.   in it, novanto and chalid apparently attempt to convince the freeport executive that they could ensure the company's contract would be extended from to because of their influence and novanto's close connections with a jokowi aide.   in its ruling, the echr said that the armenian case had to be "clearly distinguished" from the holocaust.   in its environmental assessment, cliffs said it plans to demolish all buildings and infrastructure on site.   "in its heyday there were around , stepwells throughout india.   in its new series, just begun, the program proves that it is not only the best children's show in tv history, it is one of the best parents' shows as well.   in its order the high court said five years ago it ruled that the washington public records act applied to data stored on a personal computer.   in its search for answers, spiegel explored the backgrounds of the key figures in these attacks.   in its statement, is accused arolari of "christianizing campaigns."   in january , one bitcoin was worth around $, surging in december to a high of $,.   in january , a kenyan court convicted a chinese man of smuggling ivory and ordered him to pay a fine of million shillings ($,) or serve seven years in jail, the first sentencing since kenya introduced the new anti-poaching law.   in january , texas will allow people to openly carry handguns and six months later students age and older will be allowed to carry concealed handguns into classrooms and dormitories on college campuses.   in january, a group of photos featuring a topless dancer leaning against the ruins surfaced on facebook.   in january, he entered a drug rehabilitation center after testing positive for cocaine in a test administered by the nevada athletic commission.   in january, she returned to her home village in cambodia for her third mission trip.   in january, the nebraska supreme court allowed the pipeline-siting law to stand by default, as the court fell short of a supermajority vote in favor of the opponents.   in july , american humane association held a congressional briefing on capitol hill to shed light on the need to bring home all our veterans and press for long-overdue changes to the ndaa.   in july, a revised state law allowed bars to offer drink specials before p.m. for up to four hours a day, but no more than hours a week.   in july, the company was hit with a record $ million consent order after an investigation found fiat chrysler mishandled more than recalls over the course of several years.   in july, the queensland government said it would be reviewing its taxi strategy later in the year, and has not ruled out the co-existence of taxis and uber services on the state's roads.   in july, uka said none of the "extensive information" supplied to the review panel contained any evidence of impropriety by farah or gave them reason to "question the appropriateness of the input" into his preparation by salazar's team.   in june, a federal judge denied a request for an injunction based on similar claims, and fdfc has said that no decision at this point will impact the bond issue.   in june, icao added thailand to a list of other nations found deficient in managing their airlines.   in june, the federal government confirmed that the opm, the human resources arm of the federal government, was hacked and pointed to china-based hackers as the culprits.   in june, the splc urged officials in almost municipalities to end their contracts with the company, judicial correction services (jcs).   in june the vatican appointed its first auditor-general, and each department's financial statements are now reviewed by an international auditing firm.   in june, when oculus held its press event to give details on the consumer version (cv) slated for release sometime in q, , ceo brendan iribe announced a partnership with microsoft, and that the cv would ship with the xbox one wireless controller.   in just two weeks, she will undergo what for many women would be the ultimate sacrifice – losing her womb to rid herself of the disease.   in kathmandu, the wettest period stretches from the end of june to the beginning of september, a nearly three-month chunk of the year where storms bring unsafe conditions to those without a proper form of shelter.   in kathmandu, where temples and apartment buildings collapsed in april, the new quake caused more damage to more structures and sent many terrified residents flooding out into the streets.   in kyoto, a company secured of rooms in an apartment building and offered them as hotel rooms for foreign tourists.   in last week's attack the family's small home was firebombed in the night, and daubed with slogans in hebrew, including the word "revenge".   in last week’s loose lips column, will sommer reported that bowser’s mayoral campaign accepted nearly $, worth of contributions that exceeded legal limits.   in late , while his family was battling life-threatening famine, -year-old kamkwamba was forced to drop out of high school because his family could no longer afford his school's fees.   in later years, they began taking ocean cruises, including panama canal crossings and one to alaska in with her son kevin and his wife kim that will never be forgotten.   in less than a year, (august , ) i had a second brain surgery for the hydrocephalus at johns hopkins.   in lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the alzheimers association of georgia, perimeter center east, suite , atlanta, ga .   "in line with the long standing nsw police force sponsorship policy, the vehicles are not operational and have not been fitted with lights and sirens.   in making their announcement, the new democrats said the un has called on western countries to resettle one million syrians over the next five years, with canada taking in , of those.   in many cases, larsson said, commercial collectors who recognize that a fossil is a new species will save it for a museum.   in many ways it is the antithesis of centuries of inclusion in this region.   in march , ap hired him away to do the same thing, and soon sent him to germany to cover the aftermath of the war.   in march , sherman wrote an op-ed in the new york times urging clinton's successor, president george w. bush, to continue negotiations.   in march , political veteran joao bernardo "nino" vieira, who had led the country on and off since , was assassinated by soldiers in apparent revenge for the killing of the then army chief.   in march , evangel chapel senior pastor, dan krebs shared private information about funk with the church's board during a meeting discussing her employment, according to a labour board document.   in march , saunders was given a one-year prescription for grams a day of medical marijuana, enough for about joints.   in march, a family vacationing on st. john in the u.s. virgin islands, fell ill after a suspected pesticide exposure.   in march, alvarenga was on the move again, this time making a trip to mexico to see cordoba's family and personally tell them the story of their son's death.   in march, he said china is “creating a great wall of sand'' that is causing serious concern about militarizing reefs and artificial islands in an area of competing territorial claims by several nations.   in march, is members razed the ancient cities of nimrod and hatra in iraq — both unesco world heritage sites.   in march it razed areas of the ,-year-old city of khorsabad famous for its colossal statues of human-headed winged bulls.   in march, kulp and yin announced they were opening a high street on market branch at hudson st. in new york.   in march, the government also announced proposed regulatory amendments to the tobacco act "to further restrict flavours used to market cigars that appeal to youth," the department said.   in march the hospital announced it would cut full-time equivalent positions for a savings of $ million and said it may have to cut more to find a total of $ million in savings, or . per cent of its $. billion budget.   in march, the security council refused to cut the number of peacekeepers in congo until progress is made in the offensive against the fdlr, snubbing government calls for a decrease.   in march, washiqur rahman, , was hacked to death by two men with knives and meat cleavers just outside his house as he headed to work at a travel agency in the capital, dhaka.   inmates at the youth farm would be transferred to kilburn hall, a higher security youth jail in saskatoon.   inmates david sweat and richard matt used power tools to cut their way out of clinton correctional facility in dannemora on june . hundreds of police officers have been looking for them.   in may , we began our escape.   in may , a u.s. jury found four purported al qaeda members guilty on all charges stemming from the embassy bombings in kenya and tanzania.   in may , the world health organization said mers is not an international public health emergency, but added there is a clear sense of urgency around the illness.   in may , fifa bans temarii for another eight years for allegedly accepting money from former asian football confederation president mohamed bin hammam to cover legal costs of his appeal of fifa's ban.   in may fusion's massive millennial poll found that "% of millennials felt that gender is actually a spectrum", and that "some people fall outside conventional categories".   in may gunmen shot dead a radio journalist in the war-torn eastern state of jonglei.   in may, it flew over the islands, triggering repeated warnings from the chinese navy and on tuesday raised the stakes by sending the lassen to within nautical miles of the reclamations.   in may, sony acquired optical archive inc, a company founded last year by frank frankovsky, facebook's former vice president of hardware design and supply chain optimisation.   in medical school, tulsky said, "i was very drawn to challenging moments in patients' lives and volunteered to give bad news," particularly when he believed other doctors would botch it.   in merkel's chancellery, staff had long been aware that the information provided by the united states wasn't true.   in mid-august, tmz posted video of sabathia getting into a confrontation with hecklers outside a nightclub in toronto.   in moenchengladbach, the home side fell behind to a goal by marcel heller and then lost captain granit xhaka to a red card for retaliating in the th minute.   in moments like this, hayes entered an almost unconscious state, rapidly processing the tide of information before him and calculating the best escape route.   in more than half the american cases, the shooter had more than one firearm.   in morning trading after the holiday weekend, the dow was down points as global markets nervously watch developments in russia and ukraine.   in moscow, kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said progress had been made in russian-israeli contacts over syria, though he declined to confirm the coordinating team could meet soon.   in most countries surveyed in the region, at least % of sunnis do not accept shias as fellow muslims.   in most of the northwest territories, the yukon and nunavut, there is no service.   in my career, i've designed hundreds of products, from toilet seats to office systems to kitchen gadgets to pens.   "in my opinion, a decision on whether to refurbish or demolish is long overdue."   "in my opinion, he's one of the best bigs in the league.   "in my opinion it should be core curriculum.   in my opinion, no doubt about it - @jjwatt – the best football player on earth pic.   in my opinion, that's good."   "in my view, we've got to stabilize the commodities market.   in neighboring syria, kurdish factions have come under sharp criticism for using child soldiers.   in new york, i’d once seen a girl almost naked, in a translucent dress.   in new york next week, we'll bring together a growing number of businesses who are ready to get stuck in. of course, education is only one part of the answer.   in next-generation flagship devices, gb of lpddr mobile dram will allow consumers to enjoy seamless multitasking and maximum performance within the latest operating system (os) environments.   in nicholas county, a rock slide was reported early monday morning on birch river road.   innospec set to join the s&p smallcap innospec develops, manufactures, blends, markets, and supplies fuel additives, oilfield chemicals, and other specialty chemicals.   innovators live by the saying, "work smart, not hard."   in november spain's constitutional court blocked a resolution passed by catalonia's regional parliament to start an independence process, which entailed setting up a republic within months.   in november's poll, % said trump would do the best job on social issues, that's risen to %.   in november, the activist investor elliott management challenged a spinoff plan by a third, american capital.   in october , less than one year into his term, mayor dean jessup closed the fire house at th street and lee road in the heart of lawrence.   in october, it bought san francisco podcast aggregator stitcher, and in january it scooped up the right to serve the million muve music streaming customers of at&t's pre-paid cricket cellphone brand.   in october, the governor had to cut spending by four per cent due to revenue shortfalls, and the financial outlook of the state is still concerning.   in october, zuckerberg was invited for dinner at lei's beijing home along with facebook business development chief john lagerling and china head vaughan smith.   in ohio, a federal court two years ago barred the owner of dayton-based instant tax service from doing business after finding various abuses, including defrauding mostly low-income customers.   in oklahoma city, lots of the almost , indigenous residents turn out for the three-day red earth festival every june (in , june -).   in one case, regulators signed off on an application to inject wastewater into a federally protected aquifer, then realized their error and raced to the site.   in one case, the operator's voice grows louder and louder, ending in a high-pitched "you go!"   in one example, a home where a woman allegedly killed her four daughters she thought were possessed by demons in was sold for $, after fetching $, a year earlier.   in one incident, when chen’s wife was away, he told the female assistant: “i am free tonight,” and asked her to ride with him in a car to a riverside trail, where he said they could take a walk, holding hands.   in one instance, according to the lawsuit, one of the defendants, barbara ball, made inappropriate comments to a student who was undergoing a probe.   in one month of operation, the minor league program has already had calls from four players.   in one sense, indeed, he made history.   in one tweet, the hackers showed what appears to be the arrest records of jeremy hammond, a hacker convicted for his part in the stratfor leak.   in one week, schools in nepal are set to reopen again.   "in order to stop the suspect immediately, officer rapiejko chose the quickest, most accurate and effective method of force he felt was available, his patrol car."   in ostrava, patrick thoresen, anders bastiansen and jonas holos each scored a power-play goal and mathis olimb had two assists for norway.   in other cases, chinese consumers had already purchased low-priced, repurposed used phones.   in other election news: at present, inheritance tax is payable at % on the value of an estate in excess of the tax-free allowance of £, per person.   in other news, a water leak was dug up friday and repaired about six feet under the driveway of the jail, according to petty.   in other regional countries such as india, pakistan, bangladesh, and myanmar, section of the former british penal code criminalized homosexual acts and is still reflected in national legislation and societal norms.   in others, the poetic brevity of their tales (wayne wong and paul auster's "smoke") take on the feeling of a good short story collection.   in other words, a two-bar signal on a samsung phone might really be a three-bar signal on an iphone.   in other words, buyers are opting for higher trim levels.   in other words, ccloud tv now offers more channels than many pay tv packages.   in other words, don’t be surprised if you fall off the hoverboard and injure yourself.   in other words, economic challenges will not justify strategic shift or accommodations from the perspective of ayatollah khamenei.   in other words, greece owes . euros for every euro it earns.   in other words, his debts exceeded his income.   in other words, if you haven’t upgraded your browser yet, do it asap.   in other words, motorola might be headed into lg g territory with a big screen in a relatively compact body.   in other words, she could have taken charge.   in other words, the fed has the flexibility to cut rates after it has raised them (or in a reverse situation, raise after it has cut them).   in other words, warmer temperatures may not be causing such storms, but they are helping feed more water into storm systems.   in other words, "you're a stardust being with awareness."   “in our analysis, our nanowire cloth works fine at c,” mr. cui said.   "in our focus groups, we were hearing that boys wanted to see more of themselves on-air," says stuart snyder, who heads the network.   in our lands we have everything we need, fruit trees, fish, animals.   i now have to wear special earplugs when i go to bed to help stop my ears from ringing."   in paraguay, girls between the ages of and gave birth last year.   in paris, the interior ministry said "the size of this unprecedented demonstration makes it impossible to provide a specific count," noting that the crowds were too big to fit on the official march route and spread to other streets.   in part because of their colonial history spanning almost years, the portuguese viewed themselves as tolerant, paternal friends of the africans - and a certain latent racism existed as a result.   in particular, the mb of data is something you'll consume very quickly," says terävä.   in part, it's doing so by making visas easier to obtain, especially for chinese groups heading to crimea.   in parts of georgia, including atlanta, a flood watch was posted through friday evening as more than millimetres was expected, the national weather service said.   in part, u.s. strategists see this policy as strengthening deterrence, since a u.s. president could be self-deterred by moral reservations about retaliating with nuclear weapons against cities.   in perhaps the most heavily advertised race for jersey county board, democrat sandy hefner defeated incumbent republican dr. john houseman for the district two seat.   in politics, as in other fields, be careful what you wish for.   in portland, the state's largest city, lawmakers on wednesday approved limits on the recreational marijuana stores that will open there, such as a requirement they be no closer than , feet ( meters) from a school.   "in ports, we have a massive concentration of high value (goods) which makes it hard for insurers to make exact risk assessments."   in private emails to supporters, naghmeh abedini said she and her husband, who has been imprisoned in iran since , have faced marital difficulties.   in public comments since his son's death, biden has emphasized that his losses are no worse than those experienced by many americans, and that he deserves no special sympathy.   in q , public sector capital spending reached three times the level year earlier, while private capital spending also grew, driving overall growth in the construction sector.   in quebec, the english minority has this constitutional right."   inquirer sports columnist eagles season can go three ways inquirer sports columnist rangers welcome their new ace daily news sports columnist new birds arrive with clean slate today in philly sports did phils get enough for hamels?   in reading, percent of fourth graders nationally and percent of eighth graders were proficient or above.   in real life lasers might be the way to do it.   in recent days, the eu has called for cessation of hostilities between pro-russian separatists and kiev forces in eastern ukraine.   in recent times, the french have turned this essence of escargot into assorted creams and lotions.   in recent weeks former nokia ceo stephen elop has departed microsoft, alongside the company's head of phones jo harlow.   in recent years, business in the state, such as insurance companies baldwin & lyons and safeco have either relocated or expanded outside indianapolis’ downtown and into its surrounding suburbs, sparking development to follow.   in recent years, he had worked as a coach for russia's reserve national fencing team.   in recent years, toyota's prius plug-in hybrid has come close but has not surpassed the volt in annual sales, according to market analysts at j.d. power and associates.   in regards to a recommended level of funding, jackson pointed to particular figures.   "in regards to the civil litigation, we believe we know who harmed bobbi kristina brown and his name is nick gordon," christopher brown's statement continues.   in response, , of his men die to disease.   in response, erdogan launched airstrikes on kurdish positions in both iraq and turkey, prompting retaliatory attacks.   in response, google has argued that for europe to remain competitive in global markets, it needs to form a single digital market instead of relying on national regulations in its -member states that often act to protect local industries.   in response, he shrugs.   in response, mirkarimi called friday's city hall news conference to "set the record straight" about the sequence of events that led to sanchez's april release.   in response some on social media began posting images of her body in celebration.   in response, steinitz questioned why qatar is "supporting a jihadist organisation like hamas or islamic state, instead of putting all its efforts into eliminating such jihadi organisations".   in response, thai prime minister prayuth chan-ocha has declared combating human trafficking a national priority.   in response, the judge said when moodie gave his unsworn statement from the dock, the soldier said in his defence that he had only one bottle of guinness on the night of the incident, and was not drunk.   in response, wu said that within two months, the ministry of education would present a full report on its proposed measures, including a list of schools set for mergers.   in rorschach’s production of glass heart, liebeskind directed and reichelt acted in it.   in rudi meisel's photos, it's often hard to tell.   in saudi arabia, he wrote, a -year-old gang-rape victim was sentenced to lashes and six months in jail for "indecency" and speaking to the press.   in season one, he is suspended without pay for his actions.   in seattle’s season-opening - win over the packers at centurylink field on sept. , the seahawks held lacy to yards on carries, which proved to be a season low for lacy.   in second quarter earnings last week, ebay's total revenue for the quarter was down % to $. billion (revenue actually was up % in the quarter excluding unfavorable currency fluctuations).   in seeking to convince the residents that he is the best man for the constituency, tufton said he has a track record of performance.   in september, a letter will be sent to , households across the island.   in september, a sikh man was attacked and badly beaten in chicago by a suspect who pulled up to his car yelling racial slurs, including, "terrorist, go back to your country, bin laden," the coalition said.   in september, he said that the existing system of barricades – much of it built since at a reported cost of more than $ billion – is too small and doesn’t work.   in september, the gop led the generic house ballot by + in cbs news polling; in october it was +.   in september, the united states and china agreed to work toward nearly complete bans on the ivory trade.   in seriousness, the imaging here is fine; it's just not one of the highlights.   in several recent attacks in france, such as the january attack on the charlie hebdo magazine, investigators have found links between the assailants and french speakers in syria.   in short, black folks simply don't have the privilege of not seeing themselves as a color and know they will be seen as such, while many white folks easily enjoy not seeing their own.   in short, moving away from broad social platitudes, however comforting, to arguments grounded more specifically in particular countries and more broadly in a regional context is tricky.   inside guantanamo bay – marines get an early-morning workout at the u.s. naval base at guantanamo bay in october .   inside guantanamo bay – the u.s. naval base at guantanamo bay has held terror suspects since january .   inside north korea north korean defector admits inaccuracies how old is kim jong un?   inside one of the world's weirdest looking planes cnn's rosie tomkins explores the the striking airbus beluga which transports components of airbus aircrafts around the world.   inside the $ trillion selloff 'scarface' home's asking price cut by nearly % can china produce a good bottle of wine?   inside the arms, all sorts of stars are made: big ones, medium ones, little ones.   inside the case against aaron hernandez : play video hernandez left high school halfway through his senior year in january to join the university of florida gators, and trouble seemed to follow.   inside the fence are five tiny dwellings.   inside the plastic bag was braik's severed head.   inside the push to draft ben carson for president carson rocketed to conservative fame in after criticizing the president's policies at a national prayer breakfast.   inside the ticker will a new ceo make ralph lauren fashionable with wall street?   in sierra leone, he said, there are three districts with a few cases being reported — the capital freetown, nearby port loko, and the kambia district further west which borders guinea.   "in simplified proceedings, the federal office of justice today approved the extradition of naser oric to bosnia and herzegovina," the swiss justice office said in a statement.   in sindh province, , people have been displaced and at least killed.   in situ – in situ is located in medellin's jardin botanico.   inslee sided with the humane society of the united states and other conservation groups, which appealed a decision by the washington fish and wildlife commission to raise cougar quotas in known wolf territories.   in so doing he also broke all rules of a democratic referendum.   "in some cases we have good cameramen we can familiarize with sailing; in other cases, we can take really good sailors, like bowmen who are agile and knowledgeable, and turn them into good cameramen.   "in some geographies ad blocking will be offered as an opt-in service to subscribers, while in others, as an opt-out."   in some sense, the south china sea issue was sensationalized on purpose."   "in some ways, it depends on when these places and monuments were built," said kenneth janken, the director of the center for the study of the american south at the university of north carolina at chapel hill.   in some ways yes, in some ways no.   inspiring all girls to be strong, smart, and bold proclaiming the gospel of jesus christ through acts of compassion providing formal training to serious dance students giving you our very best put the power of personal attention to work for you.   in spite of the arrest, belmar said that he went to bed around this time because the situation appeared to be under control.   in spite of this, she continued walking.   in spokane, police said a woman was killed by a falling tree, while another woman died on state route southwest of the city when a tree struck her car, state police said on twitter.   in state after state, the confederate symbols that were seemingly embraced by the suspect in the killings, have suddenly come under question.   instead, percent say they are part of generation x. the “silent generation” also didn’t want to identify with its generation.   instead amazon decided to hire a relatively small group of machine learning experts to build an internal service that all of its developers could use.   instead, assessment fees are the only revenue the exchange has to survive.   instead, a temporary arrangement has largely remained in place despite wars, uprisings and political crises.   instead, banks will pay a new surcharge on profit.   instead, he looks at what it all means.   instead, he says, the prosecution must prove that holmes was not insane.   instead he seems set on consolidating his position in the group that ruled for six years until the u.s. invasion.   instead, hubble captures light in many different wavelengths using these cameras and instruments: • wide field camera (wfc) sees three different kinds of light: near-ultraviolet, visible and near-infrared.   instead, islam is adamant about the existence of jinn (aka genies) - a sentient race of beings who exist as pure energy.   instead, it aims to elevate others in a way that cultivates and magnifies their potential.   instead, it might be better to go with what you know.   instead, it's less hollywoodesque, less exclusive, less delusional about this "perfect human being", but more raw and honest.   instead, it's the inability to drink anything during daylight hours.   instead, it will be largely up to each nation to pursue greener growth in its own way, making good on detailed pledges submitted ahead of the two-week summit.   instead, it will focus on direct, custom orders: many establishments now have tableside tablets that customers can use to order with just a few taps of their finger.   instead, keep a distance of at least , feet and call the coast guard or () sos-whale.   instead, kochel will be chief strategist for the campaign, with a particular focus on organizing bush support in the early voting states.   instead of antibiotics, he's likely to prescribe sleep, good family relationships and an organic diet.   instead of assuming every individual who walks through the door can follow complex directions, we support them as they are and teach them skills they need to be meaningfully included in their schools and communities.   "instead of carrying lip gloss and gum in my purse, i had tums and pepto bismol," says christa, who was then . "my doctor told me that if i didn't get more rest, i'd end up with esophageal cancer."   instead of chopping down a christmas tree that will end up in a wood chipper, kennedy will rent you a living one.   instead of criticizing him, a local policeman suggested guzman is one of the few people capable of bringing order to mexico.   "instead of funding unsafe and costly energy forms that are outdated, we have to support europe's energy turnaround with the expansion of renewable energies," he said.   instead of "life is like a box of chocolates," karl's motherly advice is more along the lines of "don't think too much."   instead of ministers having the final say, warrants needed to intercept our communications and, specifically, the content of our calls and messages would be considered and authorised by a new independent surveillance and intelligence commission (isic).   instead of putting each guest in a private room, podshare guests—don't laugh, beck calls them 'podestrians'—each receive a pod.   instead of relying on proprietary equipment for the end user, its new transmitter -- the wireless universal network (wun) -- is a class-a amplifier that does not suffer from the characteristic flaws of low-power amplifiers.   instead of straw, havaianas sandal soles were made out of rubber, but the rice grain inspired the texture of the rubber sole.   instead of supporting this agreement, paul said, "we should be using the leverage of the debt ceiling to force spending restraint."   instead, purring means something more like, don't go anywhere, please.   instead, she got fired and went through nearly three years of misery until her boss' trial finally began earlier this year.   instead, the benefits would be gradually reduced for families with incomes of more than $, and ended entirely for families over $,.   instead, the campaign decided to publish it on its own website, ensuring it would receive widespread attention.   instead, the company draws its water from a groundwater aquifer, said corporate affairs director john challinor.   instead, the cubs' world series championship drought that dates to will last another year.   instead, the fish will be used for food, rizzuto said.   instead, the office of human resources management temporarily reassigned dudley to the procurement division, but no sanction for his conduct was ever imposed.   instead, the president vowed to use his veto pen to strike down the republican leadership's efforts to dismantle his signature accomplishments, including his health care and financial reform laws.   instead, they find themselves feeling threatened.   instead, they pick up objects from around the level to throw at one another, hoping to knock one another off screen.   instead, they sent this statement regarding their position.   instead, unauthorized individuals stole tax data by successfully answering simple questions about identity, among other items.   in subsequent tweets, the musician said protesters took her driver "hostage," forcing her to pay someone to take her away by motorcycle.   "in such a case, the evidence could be considered corrupted and therefore not accepted or given less evidentiary value before a court."   in syria, both the rebels and the government security forces also targeted lesbian, gay and transgender civilians, alia says.   in syria, the area around mar'a bore the brunt of the force, with three air strikes hitting islamic state tactical units.   in taichung, sellers are prepared to lower prices by percent for houses in less popular districts and by percent in central districts, the survey said.   in tehran, ordinary iranians say they are hopeful for a deal that would allow its economy to recover.   intelligence officials had initially said that the teleophone calls the agency had collected were mostly from landline, not cellular, telephone records, after snowden first revealed the wiretapping program.   intel missed the mobile revolution, even though it saw it coming.   intel self-censors as russian free speech crackdown comes into force the chip-making giant turns off all ways of contribution to its russian developer forums in response to a controversial law that stifles free speech.   intel's next unit of computing (nuc) systems are increasingly popular, though owing to their small form factor, only include so-dimm slots.   intense wildfire season expected in west climate central hrs ago intense wildfire season expected in west amid one the west’s worst droughts in centuries, more than , wildfires scorched more than , acres last year in california alone.   intentionally watching women as they stand naked at a time in their life in which they are already most vulnerable tells women that their bodies are not respected and that they are not valued as human beings.   interactive timeline south side explosion investigation on dipity.   interestingly, the colts are relying more on luck than they ever did on manning.   interestingly, there is no reference to the us$-million jamaica development infrastructure programme in the list of debt owed by the central government to china.   interfaith peace-building initiative is affiliated with the department of public record (dpr) – united nations as well as affiliated with the united religious initiative (uri), an interfaith peace organization.   interior minister bernard cazeneuve said security was tightened at religious sites around the country.   interior minister bernard cazeneuve says the investigation has just begun and cautioned against jumping to conclusions.   interior ministry troops responded and a tense stakeout ensued.   interment and military rites were done by rich hill post no. , in green lawn cemetery.   interment will follow at tallahassee memory gardens.   interment will follow in westwood gardens.   in terms of applications, the industry is bifurcated primarily into sacral nerve stimulation, deep brain stimulation and vague nerve stimulation, among others.   in terms of numbers alone, it's entirely reasonable to put adebayor into the conversation when talking about the league's greatest front men, so why doesn't he get the acclaim?   in terms of regions, north america is expected to be account for the largest market size, while middle east & africa (mea) and asia-pacific (apac) are expected to experience an increase in market traction during the forecast period.   in terms of the camera, this year’s iphones are rumored to have -megapixel sensors, which would make them the first iphones in a few years to get a bump up from megapixels.   internal figures show that the headline number continues to indicate broad contraction as well as substantial weakness in key areas.   internally, the cloud is also making d&b more agile and creating better ways to distribute data.   international atomic energy agency chief yukiya amano spoke thursday to the iaea's -nation board.   international concern has increased along with the number of fatalities, estimated at some , in the past year with about . million people driven from their homes, according to the u.s. council on foreign relations.   international cooperation north korea has announced that it will put up more satellites.   international edition american airlines takes on air zealand with direct la-auckland flights by karla cripps, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) november , american airlines will be the first u.s. carrier to offer non-stop service to auckland.   international edition are medications an effective ptsd treatment?   international edition can shane warne play tennis?   international edition comparison is the thief of joy, so why can't we stop?   international edition gun-toting witness thwarts carjacking attempt added on gmt ( hkt) april , gun-toting witness thwarts carjacking attempt an attempted carjacking was caught on surveillance camera at a car wash in georgia.   international edition is alzheimer's disease preventable?   international edition is fecal matter growing in your beard?   international edition mountain climbers rescued after stomping sos in the snow updated gmt ( hkt) may , most backpackers visit denali between late may and early september.   international edition sofia vergara reportedly sued by ex-fiance over their frozen embryos by jaqueline hurtado, cnn en espanol, and michael martinez, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) april , sofia vergara is reportedly sued over frozen embryos.   international edition this -foot vortex could swallow full-size boat added on gmt ( hkt) june , this -foot vortex could swallow full-size boat that's pretty cool!   international edition untreated lyme disease: years of hell by erik nivison, hlntv.com updated gmt ( hkt) august , erik nivison is a producer for hln's "in session."   international edition want to smell like an andy kaufman prank?   international edition watch a mom give birth on the way to the hospital watch a mom give birth on the way to the hospital oh, baby!   international edition yaser said's history of violence yaser said's history of violence the hunt with john walsh ( videos) yaser said's history of violence where is jacob wetterling?   international enrollment for the fall now stands at % of total enrollment, down from % in a typical year, wallace says.   “international pressure is the check and balance against the state’s corrupt powers,” ballbe said.   international ring in its first year they lost spruce trees that were planted on the grounds.   internet congestion sling tv is updating software “to better handle these situations where you get lots of concurrent usage and congestion over the internet,” lynch said in an interview.   internet explorer has been dinged for security holes that have left it vulnerable to hackers.   interpol also has added her to its international missing persons database, listing "sam" as a caucasian female who "appears to be in her s."   interview: hitchcock's holocaust film years later alfred hitchcock and billy wilder's uncompleted film about the liberation of the concentration camps was shelved for years.   interviewing pierce, who taught at seattle university, in his later years, martin asked, “‘how did you make art in combat?”   interview: nadia pontes environmental expert achim steiner is executive director of the united nations environment programme.   interview with vizio cto matt mcrae on ultrahd tv at..   inter went closest in the first half in a fierce five-minute spell.   in texas, and other states with large immigrant populations, the difference is more than academic.   in texas, a student who intervened to break up a fight at his high school was tased by a school police officer, causing him to fall to the ground and hit his head.   in that case, the expectations of the future oil price becomes a bigger issue than its current position.   in that image, thoreau is our national conscience: the voice in the american wilderness, urging us to be true to ourselves and to live in harmony with nature.   in that moment, shrek blinks and you can see his eyeball slicing through his eyelid.   in that poll, % of american voters, including % of republicans, said they believed the iraq war wasn't worth it.   in that sport, he's hoping to join the canadian team for the rio paralympics.   in the years that allstate has been conducting the study, this marks seattle’s worst performance, and the first time we’ve ever placed in the bottom . last year, we ranked rd.   in the s, many analysts believed that the number of states with nuclear weapons would increase to around two dozen.   in the s, gibson officially dropped the model number on the guitar he used last and most.   in the s, prince george was riding high on a boom in the lumber industry.   in the s, volcker’s historic responsibility was to reduce inflation and prevent it from ever rising again to dangerously high levels.   in the census survey, million children received snap assistance.   in the primary, the anti-establishment camp garnered more votes than the establishment candidate, a fact obscured by there being two anti-establishment candidates.   in the -meter dash, katrina engebretson had lchs' best finish with a time of . seconds to come in second place.   in the absence of convincing justification, they would be serious violations of eu rules prohibiting anti-competitive agreements.   in the adaptive snowboard x for riders with a disability, alex massie of barrie, ont., won the bronze medal and paralympian john leslie of arnprior, ont., was fourth.   in the afterlife, maybe we’ll run into all the people who were old when we were young, like the stars of “masterpiece theatre”; in the meantime, just trying to speak the language of adolescents is enough to kill a person.   in the air traffic audio, the controller tells the pilots that they keep answering for each other, suggesting confusion.   in the anniversary year of , wagner is everywhere - even in tarantino's latest film.   in the arab world, which admittedly is far removed from black-and-white (and intermediate shades) america, it is the custom when passing a stranger in the street to smile at him or her and get a smile back.   in the ballot, of the parliamentarians present voted to extend germany's role in the eu mission.   in the beer wars that waged between miller and ab for decades, the debut of light beer marked a critical period in both company’s histories.   in the capital nairobi the number of registered motor vehicles stood at . million in , many of them older vehicles emitting relatively high levels of pollution.   in the case of minimum wage requirements, unskilled labor is priced out of the marketplace.   in the case of rio, it’s also part of the risk.   in the case of “so good” — featured in a bose headphone commercial — it has.   in the case of south west st elizabeth, the meeting to decide between buchanan and ewan stephenson will take place on september . "it is a democratic party, so challenges can come.   in the case of the british project, all the sequencing will be carried out by u.s. biotech company illumina, which has pioneered fast and cheap technology to read genetic code.   in the case of the paris attacks, it is perfectly possible that one of the gun-trading middlemen may have been german, zwijnenburg added.   in the central african republic and chad in , half as many girls as boys were in secondary school.   in the cold open, the "fox & friends" team focused on the controversial planned parenthood videos.   in the coming days, attorney and investigators for the department’s civil rights division and police experts will engage with law enforcement and community members, while examining policies, practices and available data, lynch said.   in the coming years, state officials, families, and individuals will need to pay more attention to the needs of the elderly — to improve medical care, access to services, infrastructure, or other amenities that become more necessary late in life.   in the commercial-plane segment, revenue grew by percent.   "in the context of the overall reporting period, the subsequent fall in the number of oss, and the drop in the virtualisation rate, - is a return to the trend established by the years - to -."   in the description of the video, the schoolboy who posted it insists the boys had not climbed into the garden of hearnden's home in hove, east sussex, saying instead they looked around the outside of the property, before he accosted them.   in the desert, a thirsty enemy is a more desperate enemy so if there is the slightest hope for a path to peace in the middle east, it will probably have something to do with water.   in the early s gibson officially dropped the model number es- on the guitar king used and it became a custom-made signature model named lucille, manufactured exclusively for the "king of the blues."   in the early going, his uneven performance nearly got him axed, but eventually he established his own voice, complete with masturbating bears and trips to the year .   in the east bay, jcpenney salons can be found in pleasanton, hayward and concord.   in the end, after hushed chats and practical exchanges between colleagues, i climb into a car and am driven back to finsbury park.   in the end, arnold slays all the goons sent to stop his mars mission, then finally blasts cox into a fatal breath of foul air.   in the end, however, this was an attainable goal that, going forward, will significantly improve my long-term financial picture.   in the end, it becomes a two-person show, with james condensing all his once-scattered energy into a single purpose, caring for her during her final days.   in the end, it is close to being a done deal.   in the end, only part-jewish fencer helene mayer was allowed to represent germany in .   in the end, that message never quite resonated.   in the end, the shooter in the guard tower took him out.   in the end the win was decisive, with green taking of the votes over hawkins' . in a concession note on facebook, hawkins appeared to take the win gracefully.   in the essay, pell disparaged the vaticans past practices of financial secrecy, defending fiefdoms and dragging its feet in implementing international anti-money-laundering norms.   in the european elections in , they fared dismally.   in the event of a change in burn day status, reasonable efforts must be taken to extinguish and/or minimize smoke from open burning.   in the excellent catalogue that accompanies the show, sarah writes that she never works “to a plan.   in the face of such bloody provocations, there are no easy or obvious solutions.   in the filing, target said pace and large size of the expansion severely hampered its ability to respond quickly and effectively to problems.   in the film, the mines are made out to be menacing sea caves, home to an evil troll.   "in the first instance, this constituency is not recognised by the party, and therefore, other factors would have to come into play, which would then determine who earns the right to represent the pnp in east portland.   in the first nine months of the year, listed companies’ total sales were nt$. trillion, an increase of . percent year-on-year.   in the first quarter, the company reported a net income of nt$. million, or nt$. per share, with revenue of nt$ million and gross margin of percent.   in the first quarter, underlying sales rose . percent, excluding the impact of currency moves, acquisitions and disposals.   in the first scenario, k- schools become k- and middle schools.   in the first version provided to police, wallace said he'd collected the cash in a manila envelope from the bank with savopolous' accountant.   in the following year's uk general election, the new party contested eight seats and won none.   in the four-minute animated video, a narrator boasts about the growing stature of the islamic state, describes u.s. presidents as "liars" and "fornicators," and taunts american soldiers about high rates of suicide in the military.   in the fourth quarter of , exports went up by . percent.   in the future, a vaccine that could be given to kids younger than two months might reduce dramatically the number of infants with whooping cough.   in the girls match, michelle tippins won - at no. singles.   in the guise of protecting the reputation of males, women are being relegated to the second tier, and this is just wrong.   in the hours after boehner's shocking announcement, mccarthy stayed quiet, but gop lawmakers said he was a likely bet to win the top job.   in the house, the plans are also varied, although many of them center on the provision of tax credits, instead of subsides, to help consumers buy health insurance.   in their fight to influence public attitudes, the sides have found themselves battling over the use of the letter "r."   in their quest to champion biblical values, their mindset is much the same.   in their remarks the day after the attack, both clinton and president barack obama made reference to an anti-muslim video that some intelligence initially suggested prompted the attacks, a claim that was later found to be mistaken.   in their research, the police policy studies council discovered the majority of officer-involved shootings around the nation involve individuals under the influence of drugs or alcohol, and with a prior criminal history.   in the knockout matches we can't let that happen."   "in the last years, our mission has been to seek justice for doug's murder and to keep his memory alive.   in the last four weeks, his . yac/a is second best behind only andre ellington.   in the last hour of trading the dow jones industrial average was down points, or . percent, at ,.   "in the last two to three years, we've seen more stagnation of progress because there is complacency," said kezaala.   in the late s, an estimated million to million workers were laid off as state enterprises were turned into profit-oriented companies, spun off to private ownership or shut down.   in the late encounter, dortmund cruised past an outgunned eintracht frankfurt -.   in the latest nbc/wsj poll, hillary's lead over rival sen. bernie sanders is points with biden in the race (%-%) and points without him (%-%).   "in the latest 'star wars' film, the hero is called finn, and in northern germany this has already been one of the most popular names for boys for more than years."   in the lawsuit, rochelle "shelly" sterling accused stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men.   in the lead up to the ruling, the st thomas police had interviewed the councillor, an act that drew a firestorm of criticisms from other pnp councillors in the parish.   "in the longer run, (stronger demand in industrialised countries) will not be able to compensate if the chinese economy continues to cool down.   in the meantime, and to hasten this process, isis wants to stir religious hatred in europe and the united states -- so that muslims no longer feel they belong in the west, and either carry out attacks in their homelands or leave to join the caliphate.   in the meantime, dana and her husband are doing their part; they have those important papers, medicines and irreplaceable pictures ready to go in a box.   in the meantime, he noted, “the best treatment for the core features in the autisms is actually intensive behavioral intervention.   in the meantime, he said he is considering legal action.   in the meantime, miller and purcell are at least guaranteed to reunite for dc’s legends of tomorrow, premiering midseason on the cw.   in the meantime, please stop by and grab a bunch of new storybooks to enjoy together!   in the meantime, the findings provide "more evidence that when your dog is staring at you, she may not just be after your sandwich."   in the meantime, there are still , people in displacement camps — half of which did not have latrines, according to a un report.   in the meantime, the will-he-or-won’t-he parlor game is swirling around the political world and biden, whose routine trips to conduct vice presidential business have taken on the tinge of campaign stops.   in the memoir "the clinton wars," former white house aide sidney blumenthal writes of meeting bill clinton at a conference when clinton was still governor of arkansas and discovering that both were admirers of "the truly disadvantaged."   in the mid-s, in the context of a recent crime wave, as many as percent of americans stated that they were in favor of the death penalty for a person convicted of murder.   in the mid-eighties i heard talk of camilo cienfuegos as the hope for change.   in the minds of several media analysts, she should somehow have been stifled.   in the most serious incident, the company disclosed an ignition switch defect that could cause a vehicle’s engine to stall and its airbags to fail while it was in motion.   in the most striking similarity with the manitoba ndp ad, the tory commercial ends with the line "nice hair though," as its signature closing critique of trudeau.   in the nearby city of daleh, fighters allied with fugitive president abedrabbo mansour hadi attacked a huthi position, killing six militants, said southern movement chief nasser al-shuaibi.   in the next couple of years, tests could be available that would predict if a person's microbiome is incompatible with red meat, knight said.   in the next two years, , refugees will be welcomed, he said, but authorities also will conduct security screening.   in the northeast, snow may start after midnight with five centimetres expected and temperatures rising to – c by morning.   in the old city, you’ll find a museum of instruments of torture in the palace of the inquisition and a church honoring san pedro claver, a priest who baptized thousands of african slaves brought here in the s.   in the other saturday games, bayern welcomes their favorite guest hamburg.   in the other semifinal, canada will play slovakia.   in the past, both fifa and european soccer's governing body uefa have faced criticisms for imposing relatively small punishments related to discriminatory incidents.   in the past few years, we have seen attacks against sufi shrines, shiites, ahmedis and christians.   in the past, the bank has deferred up to percent of its bonuses at times of market uncertainty.   in the past, the spice would have come off cargo ships from exotic locations at docks in the thames.   "in the past, you had a few critics telling you what to see.   in the phone calls, snyder said, “you’re getting all this information from bowe, but you’re also getting the kind of information that comes from normal relationships, real life.”   in the poor, rural area, access to medical care is difficult to come by.   in the previous three months, ben carson - then the rising candidate in polling - brought in a similar $ million.   in the private sector, women make up a slightly higher percentage of managers and presidents than they did two years ago, though men still make up more than percent of both categories.   in the qualifying draw made by caf later wednesday, defending champion ivory coast was drawn in a group with sudan, sierra leone and gabon.   "in the recently released excerpts of his deposition, bill cosby admits that he was with me in denver and that he, quote, `probably had sex with me,"' ferrier said at the news conference monday.   in the same way that the world economy was largely built on slave labor, the modern american economy has become increasingly dependent on immigrant labor.   in these cases, "free" offers are accompanied by a request for a credit card payment to cover shipping and handling charges or taxes.   in the section dealing with health care, for example, the formulation "..   "in these difficult hours, our thoughts are with those who have to fear that their close ones are among the passengers and crew," he said.   in these locations, the fall in oil prices takes place "against an unfavorable economic backdrop, with high unemployment and political uncertainty" meaning that a "large part of the income gains are likely to be saved rather than spent."   “in the short term he’s accomplished the things i set out for him to do,” mcclendon said.   in the short term, the american agreement with turkey may bring u.s. drones and bombers a thousand miles closer to isis targets.   in the shot, margaret trudeau cradles her son's cheeks and gazes into his eyes.   in the south, terrorism and failed states have pushed instability up to northern africa and the middle east.   in the state’s most popular campgrounds, spots can be hard to find in summer, and some are booked months in advance.   in the story, holloway described her mother as having "turned to alcohol, leaving lakeisha to fend for herself".   in the streets, beggars carry children with swollen heads or unnaturally bent limbs.   "in the streets, people have screamed things at me.   in the study, infants listened longer to a vowel with at least one infant vocal property like high pitch.   in the study, students posted articles relevant to the topic they were studying – in this case, climate change – and then discussed the topic in a comment thread.   in the summer of , reninger, usually an upbeat person, realized she was completely unenthusiastic about her -employee business.   “in the summit, i was urging all the vice-chancellors and the councils to rally, engage about this issue of students, and also to be considerate.   "in the syrian population, the willingness to go abroad is far less.   in "the tau manifesto," hartl lays out the case for getting rid of pi as a concept and replacing it with a circle constant known as tau, which is twice pi's value.   in the texas heat, she walked for miles looking for taco bells, and found two or three, but none that had openings.   in the tumult after majority leader kevin mccarthy's withdrawal from the race, boehner issued a statement reiterating his previous pledge.   in the uk, . million vehicles could be affected.   in the uk, ford has teamed up with easycar club, a sister company of budget airline easyjet, to provide on-demand cars for younger drivers.   in the uk, the amount motorists paid in vehicle excise duty was linked to cars’ carbon dioxide emissions, effectively incentivizing people to buy diesels.   in the ultra-conservative islamic kingdom, alwaleed, who holds no government rank, is considered unusual, not least for his occasional comments about economic issues.   in the united states, the government's share was percent of economic activity that year, no. of countries.   in the us, at&t will be the first carrier to sell it, and the canadian carriers and uk's carphone warehouse will offer it, too.   in the u.s., men by far account for the largest percentage of supporters of the islamic state group.   in the video above, first obtained by wfaa, dallas police officer terigi rossi is seen in october talking to a -year-old boy who, seemingly unbeknownst to rossi, is recording the encounter on a cell phone.   in the video, he is seen brandishing a stun gun, yelling "i will light you up" after she refused to put out a cigarette and get out of her car, and reaching in through the driver's side door.   in the video, he overlaid text throughout the surveillance footage describing how desperately the intruders want a taco, as the thieves are seen searching the place.   in the video, in which she reads from two neatly hand-written pages, she begins with a slight laugh, awkward and self-aware, as if she is brushing away shyness.   in the video, the man then walks in and helps the woman and eventually they leave with all of the clothes.   in the wake of congressional scrutiny of airport employee screening procedures, private security guards at atlanta's airport last month began checking employee bags as the first step toward moving toward full employee screening.   in the wake of the great recession, western fund managers eagerly sold forms of credit financing to developing markets.   in the wake of the attacks, eu leaders have vowed to speed up efforts to reach a breakthrough on the issue.   in the wake of the complaints, the asb has ruled that the images were not sexual in nature.   in the wake of the copenhagen shootings, danish security services faced questions over whether proper actions were taken to prepare for possible attacks following the killings in paris.   in the wake of the paris killings, the western-backed palestinian president, mahmoud abbas, marched in paris alongside dozens of world leaders, including israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu, at a memorial rally for the dead.   in the west bank city of hebron, a palestinian was shot dead by a paramilitary israeli border police patrol after stabbing one of its men in the head and chest, police spokeswoman luba samri said.   "in the wintertime we used ice to make igloos, and in the summertime we used anything that would be available.   in “the witness” other questions of ongoing importance emerge, including ones relating to the penal system, in relation to kitty genovese’s killer, winston moseley, whom bill sought to interview.   in the women’s tournament, maria sharapova rallied to beat th-seeded carla suarez navarro -, -, - and win her third rome title.   in the words of an officer who filed a police report on the incident, walker "escorted ms. acker to the floor."   in the years following the death of former president muammar qaddafi, the country has seen a significant amount of turmoil.   in this april , , photo, phil sklar, seated, and brad novak sit with some of the bobbleheads t … bobblehead history is hard to come by, sklar said, but they've found some from as far back as , ceramic animals made in germany.   in this area, convincing solutions are urgently needed.   in this aug. , , file photo, bobbi kristina brown attends the los angeles premiere of "sparkle … bobbi kristina, then , became so distraught that she needed to be hospitalized.   in this case, the fistula developed between the lower airway and the tissue that surrounds the lungs.   in this case, the ringleaders are accused of hiring hackers to steal contact information and other data that they then used to help convince ordinary investors to buy little-regulated stocks.   in this exclusive first look at sunday's new episode ofjill & jessa: counting on, jessa, her husband ben seewald and a number of her sisters hit the road soon as she feels the first signs of labor -- and her family could barely keep up!   in this friday, jan. , photo, director/writer sean baker, from left, mickey o'hagan, kiki … in other words, some people will want the theatrical experience for "strangerland," and some will want to watch it in their living room.   in this game we showed there are a lot of weaknesses that we have to fix.   in this, however, he was just giving us a kind of release.   in this image released by the o amd m company, michael cerveris appears in a scene from "fun ho … "this is not the most demanding show vocally that i've ever done at all.   in this instance, google says it has created a program that identifies which incoming emails merit quick responses and then figures out the appropriate wording.   in this land of frozen daiquiris and chocolate martinis, who would want to sip on a hand crafted ale?   in this photo, pataki, left, then-new york city mayor rudy giuliani, center, and then-u.   in this picture from an augsburg district court, phone calls demanding kidnap ransom money years beforehand were played on the original device.   in this political climate with everyone’s posts from years being dug up, you don’t think yours is as bad?   in this same region, salt is panned from the mediterranean's most northerly salt flats in secovlje in a method unchanged for seven centuries.   in this scenario, the sensors would flex as the wearer moves naturally during the day and while exercising, and the energy generated by stretchsense’s sensors would power the tracker.   in this sept , , photo provided by the united nations, u.n. secretary general ban ki-moon plant … ban said bush told him: "suddenly, you came to my mind.   in this sunday, april , file photo, an unidentified health official administers a polio vaccine to a child in kawo kano, nigeria.   in this thursday, june , photo, wang nairu carries water to a garden, in new haven, conn. the … zhang, whose daughter earned a ph.   "in this town, people have an amazing capacity to sort of argue that up is down and left is right," said senator martin heinrich, a former engineer now representing new mexico, the home of the first atomic bomb.   in this tragedy, i, too, am responsible,” she said.   in this work, baritone ben kezaz and soprano ann moss sang alternate verses interspersed among verses sung by the entire chorus.   in those periods, large-cap value stocks had an average compound return of .%, and each period was more than %.   in those fleeting, free moments in post-revolution egypt, the ultras were revered as protectors of the revolution.   in those tests, the rockets tipped sideways and crashed into the ocean, causing damage that made them, basically, garbage.   in those, tsarnaev was bloodied and a laser targeted his forehead as he surrendered in a backyard in watertown, massachusetts.   "in three minutes and seconds the plane moved from , feet, tilted to the left, then climbed about , feet in seconds before it went gradually down," mardjono said.   intimate partner violence is the leading cause of female homicide and injury-related deaths during pregnancy.   in times of crisis, protecting the environment and its dwellers rarely tops lists.   in time, this account will cover not only my own experiences, but those of others i've met who also have found independence and safety, and a good measure of joy through their service dog partners.   in toronto, detached homes hovered just under $ million, an increase of . per cent.   in total, facebook brought in $. billion in revenue last quarter and $ million in profits, up %.   in total, it has , members.   in total, seven people fall sick in maryland and one person dies in california caramel apples - december , - the cdc announces it is investigating an outbreak of listeriosis linked to caramel apples.   in total, the group had more than meetings on capitol hill yesterday.   in total, there are medal events across disciplines.   into the powder – there are only about days a year when yotei can be scaled and skied, since heavy snowfall and changing weather can make the climb too hazardous.   "in traditional data processing, in the data lake and all that, the secure perimeter is around your datacenter or, if you've deployed in the cloud, it's around your servers in your cloud.   in treatment plants, wastewater winds up in “settling tanks” that separate solids from liquid waste.   in tröglitz, a town divided by xenophobia .. as conflicts force a record number of refugees to flee to europe, local communities struggle to accommodate them.   in truth, many residents said the city felt more empty than usual these days.   "intuitively it sounds great," said dawn comstock of colorado school of public health at the university of colorado anschutz medical campus in aurora.   in turn, we can recognize the ambiguities of the rhetoric of “choice” in questions of cultural coercion while still being able to tell the difference, for human rights, between a veil and a pair of leggings.   in usher hall, the big opening concert with bbc scottish symphony orchestra and the edinburgh festival chorus is taking place, in celebration of the choir's th anniversary.   investigating the 'nightmare' of apple music bill o’reilly: a jon stewart appreciationdeadline animals being total brosbrainjetsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   "investigation is ongoing to determine if the three of them are involved in any plans to launch attacks in malaysia," he said in a statement.   investigations continue, the police said.   investigators are also trying to get information on whether either of the drivers were texting or were on their phones before the crash, the senior law enforcement said.   investigators are in the process of checking whether the detonators were sold to salah abdeslam, who is on the run and the subject of a massive manhunt, the judicial official said.   investigators believe he may have been a student at the college because a receipt found at the scene showed he purchased textbooks from the campus bookstore two days before the shooting.   investigators believe the pilot was traveling alone, he said.   investigators concluded the pilot failed to maintain control of the plane after the aerobatic maneuvers, causing it to stall and lose altitude.   investigators felt it was crucial to the case, but barrett bailey wanted the convertible back and was eventually paid for its value in .   investigators never proved christie's knowledge of the plan or his involvement, but the kerfuffle still brought on a long lasting sting.   investigators said that he and two other men stole a pickup truck in pennsylvania, broke into a fireworks and gun store and stole a dozen handguns and rifles.   investigators say deniz killed -year-old jason shane and -year-old tana shane on july when they and their daughter offered to help what they believed was a stranded motorist in the small town of pryor.   investigators say the suspected plot was in the early stages and that cornell posed no threat to lawmakers.   investigators say the victim likely would have died if not for the man who spotted him while passing by.   investigators will "look not only at whether the repair done properly, but were the inspections of the repair done on a regular basis during the normal heavy maintenance checks."   investing in the s&p index would have returned percent, including dividends.   "investments are a key to higher competitiveness, sustainable prosperity, and better quality of life for people in germany and europe," the report said.   investopedia : explaining financial analysis investopedia : understanding delivery duty unpaid (ddu) investopedia : what does debit mean?   investors and bankers will also be studying these latest numbers for signs of whether bank of canada governor stephen poloz was justified in his recent cut in rates, and whether he is likely to cut again.   investors are mistakenly thinking that the falling u.s. rig count signals an immediate slide in output, he said.   "investors are rightfully concerned," says kyle o'dell, managing partner of o'dell, winkfield, roseman & shipp in englewood, colorado.   investors are scurrying instead for safer bonds, with government debt and u.s. treasury funds receiving $. billion, their th straight week of inflows.   investors are toasting a massive deal between the two biggest beer brewers in the world, anheuser-busch inbev (ahbif) and sabmiller (sbmry).   investors are widely forecasting that the fed's rate hike plans will move at a tortoise's pace instead of hare-style speed, said juckes.   "investors see the fundamentals: cybersecurity is a big, unsolved problem for society," corey thomas, ceo of rapid, told cnnmoney.   in victoria, a fire that destroyed one home has been brought under control as rain arrived to aid firefighting efforts.   in washington, retail cannabis stores are regulated by the state liquor control board under a heavily taxed and closely monitored system.   in washington, state department spokesman jeff rathke said the allegations are "one of the issues that we're working to resolve in the nuclear negotiations."   in ways, there's more work to do than when kindness week started in .   in west virginia, however, the details of when and where those trains are going, as well as how much crude oil they’re carrying, are only required to be given to first responders, and not to the public.   in what is likely meant to be an indirect reference to those promises, the throne speech says only that “the government will continue to work to keep all canadians safe, while at the same time protecting our cherished rights and freedoms.”   in what seemed like a deft political move, she publicly promised to make africa, which controls a fourth of those votes, one of her top priorities.   in what was pegida's first appearance at the ballot box, candidate tatjana festerling came fourth in the city's polls, sparked after the conservative mayor resigned for health reasons, with . percent of the vote.   in wildaid's footage, the anti-ivory activists pose as customers from mainland china at three different hong kong ivory shops.   in xieng khouang, the most affected province, uxos are found in forests and school buildings, roads and rice fields.   in your twenties and thirties, when you’re almost all in stocks, you can skip it.   ioc dismisses tokyo logo dispute kuala lumpur (afp) - the international olympic committee on saturday denied there was a legal problem over clashing logos for the tokyo games and one for a belgian theatre.   "i offered him everything.   i only answered what you commented/questioned.   iowa lottery ceo terry rich called the case one of the strangest in the history of the lottery.   iowa state: the cyclones stuck with their usual starting lineup and scored on their first five possessions after iowa state let texas tech go ahead by points in less than minutes.   i paid for my $ dinner.   "i personally don't feel that way, but i would certainly be willing to listen to somebody who had evidence to the contrary," carson said.   i personally enjoyed using the crash guard case because i like the metal feel of the back of my iphone and the rugged edge protection.   i personally weight train - times a week depending on my schedule.   i pity anyone looking at that image and seeing sex, the poor buggers must endure hard-ons when popping out for a pint.   i played aggressive and it was a good day on the golf course."   i played her a few times and it was always a close match,” she added.   "i pledge that the uk will leave europe by and the edge of the solar system by .   i prefer to "solve the case" on my own using as much relevant, primary-source information that you can get online.   "i probably deserve to be sitting here because, you know, i made concerted efforts to influence libor," he was quoted as telling investigators.   i promise you do.   "i promise you i would give anything to not be in this position today," deeds said at this year's annual national alliance on mental illness conference.   i pulled the ejection handle, and was knocked unconscious by the force of the ejection.”   "i put it down real quick and then we left, and i left it there."   i put on a smiley face to disguise what was to come," he said.   iqaluit's shelter typically takes in about dogs a month.   iranian aircraft rarely operate there and it was the first time one had approached a us warship.   iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif is expected in vienna friday, while u.s. secretary of state john kerry's plane is scheduled to land either late in the day or early saturday.   iranians, pakistanis, moroccans and others have held days of protests, and several migrants broke through a flimsy barrier into macedonia on thursday.   iranian state television on tuesday said the crew members were from britain, bulgaria, romania and myanmar.   iranian supreme leader ali khamenei, who has final say over security matters, reaffirmed a hard line toward washington on saturday, as the nuclear talks entered their final days in vienna.   iran is a terror-sponsoring, anti-american, outlaw regime.   iran is providing military support to syrian president bashar al-assad's regime, which is embroiled in a four-year-old conflict with various rebel groups.   iran is under u.n., u.s. and european union sanctions for refusing to heed u.n. security council demands that it halt all enrichment- and plutonium-related work at its nuclear sites.   iran, saudi arabia's regional shiite archrival, has criticized the kingdom over the hajj disaster and daily protests have taken place near the saudi embassy in tehran.   iran's cabinet backs draft oil contract outline day ago tehran, sept. (upi) -- iran's oil ministry said the executive branch has signed off on the general draft outlining contracts for the post-sanctions era for the country.   iran's foreign minister mohammad javad zarif spoke of the prospect of greater cooperation against is after the nuclear deal sealed in vienna on tuesday.   iran's nuclear negotiators say they already have agreed to grant united nations inspectors "managed access" to military sites under strict control and specific circumstances.   iran's regional rival saudi arabia has refused to cut its output despite crude prices falling massively in the past year.   iran’s revolutionary creed of shiite islam is anathema to the clerics who espouse saudi arabia’s extremist form of sunni islam.   iran suffered more than a hundred and fifty thousand dead between and .   iran wages media onslaught against saudis over yemen war by sam wilkin hours ago dust rises from the site of a saudi-led air strike in yemen's southwestern city of taiz july , .   iraq and yemen will also play home matches on neutral territory because of security issues.   iraq exhumes bodies of soldiers killed by isis as isis smashes history, curators battle to save threatened antiquities wednesday's fighting could also further threaten ramadi, kilometres west of baghdad.   iraq has loaded around tankers in recent weeks to deliver crude to u.s. ports in november," anz bank said on thursday.   iraqi forces backed by us-led air strikes have since regained significant ground from the jihadists north of baghdad, but large parts of the country's west remain under is control.   iraqi state tv showed troops, some waving iraqi flags and others brandishing machine guns, chanting and dancing inside what it described as the government complex.   iraqi troops close to recapturing ramadi send facebook twitter google+ whatsapp tumblr linkedin stumble digg reddit del.   iraq's military has been weakened and suffered from poor morale ever since multiple divisions collapsed in the face of an offensive by the islamic state radical group last year.   iraq's ministry of defense said in a statement tuesday afternoon that the iraqi security forces and hashd al-shaabi militia now had isis surrounded in ramadi.   iraq's three vice presidents, whose positions were to be cut, remain in place.   iraq war: top most wanted photos iraq war: top most wanted photos king of clubs – izzat ibrahim al-douri april , : killed in a security operation in iraq, according to iraqi state-run television.   i reached out to the museum and asked, "will laser floyd ever return?"   i read on and realized that, through executive action, the president was implementing measures that, a few months back, i and other signers of an open letter had urged him to take.   i realize that single moms have a load of sexism to deal with, but there are some single dad stereotypes like this one that actually come from otherwise enlightened friends.   "i really believe a public broadcaster is relevant and important, but it needs to be adapted to our times," she told q host shadrach kabango in a wide-ranging conversation about the importance of the arts, and a broader ecosystem that supports them.   "i really believe this was one of the things i was meant to do," says gere, sitting in a booth in the back.   "i really don't know what is the alternative, i'm just observing that the one that we have today has difficulties to do the job for which it was created," he said.   i really don’t want to bike with this guy, but how can i ditch someone who lives next door?   i really, really love swinging sledgehammers.   "i really wonder if i deserve this," he said after learning he had won the prize.   i re-asked this morning, and there's still no word.   "i recall smelling a bleach or a similar chemical.   i regard the last seven years as a bit sterile.   "i regret that i'm not hearing from her," superior court judge thomas trent lewis told her attorneys.   ireland's minister of drug strategy announced monday that the country has plans to become the latest european nation to provide medically supervised injection centers for heroin users.   "i relied on the expertise of my local professional guides to ensure a legal hunt."   "i remain very confident we can get to zero cases in this epidemic if we continue the way we're going and nothing unexpected happens," he said.   i remembered how i participated in the first speech contest ever scheduled in by the newly formed toastmaster’s club.   i remember he drove us children about miles to hear dr. mordecai johnson, the first black president of howard university, when he came to speak in columbia, s.c.’s auditorium.   "i remember i fell behind a few batters.   "i remember my first sexual encounter; it was with a prostitute," he said.   "i remember seeing the streets and sans people tied together with a rope so as not to get pulled into the lake when they were doing sandbagging," lulkin said.   “i remember standing outside the clubhouse and seeing the queues to get tickets.   i remember talking with desiree about how i didn't want her to post my photos on facebook because of copyright issues.   i remember thinking about it then and kind of weeping..   "i remember when i was in prison, my family did all they could to keep it out of partisan politics," she said.   i reply, oblivious to her hostility, since she's quite aggressive at the best of times.   "i respect and understand those who oppose it but i have become convinced that it is more dangerous to israel, america and our allies to walk away in the face of unified world-wide support."   i respond by asking the critics whether they have a better idea for bringing together countries that fought against each other for centuries.   iriberri also met with various rd infantry division field commanders (brigade and battalion commanders) in panay and negros.   i rise today in full support of this budget and the compendium of bills, in the midst of much debate and discourse on this government and its work and the continued strength and vitality of the great progressive liberal party.   irish minister for the diaspora jimmy deenihan said the tragedy had garnered great attention in ireland, and he was touched by how much support for the victims and their families he has found in the us.   irish president michael d. higgins said in a statement that he had "heard with the greatest sadness of the terrible loss of life of young irish people and the critical injury of others in berkeley, california today.   ironically ndlovu’s contract was not renewed by the government after allegations he attended hikwa’s funeral under the influence of alcohol, charges vehemently denied by nust spokesperson felix silandulo moyo.   ironically, the company's facebook page wrote that day, "with a million people estimated to visit sd beaches this weekend have fun and be safe!"   ironically, these all transpired even as i continue a campaign on behalf of a young man, and family, who technically have insurance "coverage," but are not covered for what matters in their moment of most urgent need.   irs: actress melissa gilbert failed to pay $, in taxes june , : am howell, mich. (ap) — the internal revenue service says former "little house on the prairie" star melissa gilbert failed to pay more than $, in federal income taxes.   isaac olowolafe, dream maker corporation isaac is the co-founder of dream maker corporation - a toronto-based brokerage, real estate firm, and development company.   "i said 'are you crazy?   i said, “i guess i’ll play drums then.”   "i said it before and i'll say it again.   i> said many greek customers were unable to book online with their cards, due to the controls, but that the airline would allow customers to pay for tickets in cash at ryanair ticket desks at airports.   i said, “that may be, but i want it in there.”   "i said to myself, 'i am in such bad shape that if i can't do burpees and not throw up, i need this more than i ever thought i needed this," he said.   i said, “wendy, i’m really sorry.   i said, 'who are these people?   'i sat on the couch for at least minutes before i called . i was in shock, i couldn't realize what had happened.   "i sat there and cried," blazey said.   "i saw cell phone parts, wiring and detonators.   "i saw him crash into the boards rather hard," cody said.   "i saw the videos and i read the newspaper articles, and there was a problem," dabrowski told the board.   “i say that as a sign of respect for that kid,’’ petersen said.   i say this as someone who has been a nato man first and last my entire career.   "i say to you people of the islamic state, kenji is not your enemy.   i say 'we' in the biggest sense of the word.   isc reported earlier this year that percent of respondents said their organizations did not have enough security professionals.   is controls large swathes of syria and iraq.   i see them, i ingest them, and then they're gone.   is group accused of using chemical weapons on iraqi kurds baghdad (ap) — the german defense ministry and kurdish fighters say the islamic state group may have used chemical weapons in an attack in northern iraq.   is had an estimated force of around fighters to defend central ramadi a week ago.   is has seized swathes of syria and iraq where it has declared a "caliphate".   ishido said both abe and japan's main government spokesman had declined to meet with her.   "i should be fine here.   "i should enjoy this, because it will probably never happen again," said brady, who threw the ball on all but nine plays — tying the nfl record for the fewest rushes in a win.   "i should probably not do that (saturday).   "i simply could not countenance serving on the fifa executive committee alongside mr blatter.   i simply would like to give an enormous thumbs up for the nice information you will have here on this post.   isis, for example, has insisted on reestablishing the islamic caliphate as a temporal empire, initially established by muhammad and his immediate followers, but which has not existed since the ottoman empire.   isis: full coverage isis' high-profile hostages by jethro mullen, cnn in its short, bloody existence, isis has taken dozens of international hostages.   isis has a sophisticated hierarchy, according to analysts following the group.   isis is already here, we are in your pcs, in each military base."   "isis is a threat, no doubt about that.   isis is responsible for shocking atrocities in the middle east.   isis militants disguised as kurdish security forces infiltrated kobani on thursday and killed "many civilians," said a spokesman for the kurds in kobani.   isis terror of an image grab taken from a video released by islamic state group's official al-raqqa site via youtube on september , , allegedly shows islamic state (is) group recruits riding in armed trucks in an unknown location.   isis unmasked: why the new beheading video is different the black-clad militant also appeared in videos in january that showed japanese hostages haruna yukawa and kenji goto, who were later killed.   isis uses social media to lure wanna-be jihadis to join them in syria.   isis wants to create an islamic state across sunni areas of iraq and syria.   is it a bigger key even now that there’s a synergy between them maybe now because of the advent of advanced metrics?   "i sit down, plug in and tune out."   is it fame and fortune at any cost, quality be damned?   is it hard for the americans to get satellite photos?"   is it ok to talk about your sex life with your kids?   is it that the cdc estimates that gay and bisexual men comprise % of the hiv positive population and % of new hiv infections?   "is it truly helping teachers be more successful and students know what their strengths and weaknesses are and build upon them?"   islamic countries make up almost one third of the united nations," he told the oic.   islamic radicals carried out a massacre at the charlie hebdo newsroom in paris last month, followed by an attack on jews at a kosher grocery store, taking the lives of victims.   "islamic state aren't many and they don't have petrol to move around," said abdul karim sabra, a local military spokesman.   'islamic state' attacks libya hotel .. militants affiliated with the "islamic state" have claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on a popular hotel in libya's capital, tripoli.   islamic state claimed responsibility for the attacks.   islamic state fighters took over the city in february, expanding their presence in the north african country by exploiting a security vacuum, as they did in iraq and syria.   islamic state has also made gains, and tries to recruit other jihadists to join it.   islamic state's spokesman said in an audio message that abu mutaz qurashi, also known as fadhil ahmad al-hayali, had been killed, site said.   islamic state suicide bombers strike in iraqi refinery town july , : am a military vehicle is seen in baiji, north of baghdad, july , .   islamic state, which has seized large swaths of syria and iraq, claimed responsibility for the nov. attacks in paris in which gunmen and suicide bombers killed people.   islamist militants based in the sinai have killed hundreds of police and soldiers since mursi's removal.   island hopping from samui – ang thong national marine park is a collection of uninhabited islands.   ismail ould cheikh ahmed, the un's yemen envoy, said three delegations representing the warring factions would meet on december for talks to end a nine-month old conflict that has left percent of the country in need of humanitarian assistance.   is new york giants coach tom coughlin on his way out?   "isn't there a moral and ethical line there?"   isn't the world of sustainable seafood approval and certification confusing enough already?   isolated and with few opportunities for its young, sbiba seems just the place to breed discontent.   "i speak hawaiian about percent of my life."   i spend more time dispelling rumors about my people than i do spending quality time with my family.   "i spend three quarters of my day crying.   i spent a lot of time during the day controlling my energy, and my mind-set, and my heart was beating faster than normally, for sure."   i squeezed fresh lime into water.   israel and hamas, which the jewish state brands a terrorist organisation, fought a july-august war in the besieged coastal strip that killed almost , palestinians and damaged tens of thousands of gazan homes, leaving around , people displaced.   israel fired warning shots toward syria after a mortar shell hit an israeli military post.   israel has accused palestinian political and religious leaders of fomenting the violence.   israel has long opposed any deal with its arch-foe iran, and prime minister benjamin netanyahu lambasted the landmark agreement struck tuesday between tehran and six world powers as a "historic mistake".   "israel has marginalized itself.   israeli director amos gitai (l) and actress einat weizman pose during the photocall of the movie &qu … "my focus was on the incitement campaign that led to his murder."   israeli forces launched a search for the man late saturday.   israeli leaders believe the framework leaves too much of iran's nuclear infrastructure intact and could still allow it to develop the means to produce a nuclear weapon.   israeli prime minister: 'israel will not be a binational state' israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu pushed back against u.s. secretary of state john kerry's warning that the palestinian authority's collapse would endanger israel.   israel is committed to international agreements, and expects all sides to fulfill their obligations.   israelis walk past campaign posters showing israeli prime minister and likud party candidate benjami …   israel, like many other nations, believes iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon.   israel pledges crackdown over druze 'lynching' of syrian .. israeli pm benjamin netanyahu has vowed to find druze villagers who dragged a syrian from an ambulance in the golan heights and beat him to death.   israel's economy ministry estimates the impact will be about $ million a year, affecting fresh produce such as grapes and dates, wine, poultry, honey, olive oil and cosmetics.   israel's "iron dome" missile-defense system was deployed in the south.   israel's military has killed four people in the clashes, including the -year-old who was mourned on tuesday.   israel unhrc human rights hamas click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   israel went to war against the islamist hamas, the de facto power in gaza, last summer with the aim of stamping out cross-border rocket and mortar attacks.   is released a video over the weekend that, they claimed, showed the killing of mr yukawa.   is sprint finally dusting itself off and getting ready to fight after year’s of being the wireless industry’s whipping boy?   issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples in kentucky and other u.s. states has become the latest flash point in the nation's long-running debate over gay marriage.   is takes % as tax.   istanbul opened her arms to me, enriched my life with beauty, culture, history and greatness.   istanbul, turkey – joana maranan described istanbul's grand bazaar as "a rainbow-colored candy heaven."   i started off as a painter.   i started training when i was , as a result of missing-out, literally at the very last hurdle in getting into the england u rugby union side.   i started walking with colin to and from school, five miles a day, and by may i had worked back up to running.   "i start thinking about the next masters the sunday i leave here every year," he said.   "i stayed up late at night, made as to get in. what was the point of working so hard when i can't even go?" she said.   is that much better?   is that really the end of the story?   is the percent rally in crude sustainable?   is the case a sign that the government may be worried about dissent escalating via social media in china?   "is the city that broke where they need to levy a $, tax on kids for our kids to play in a public park?" said stingers president greg dennis.   is the current state of life in canada the best that we can do or is there something that we can change to make it better for everyone?   is the government basically forcing them to save more and spend less in order to go into home ownership?   is there a hawaii without hotels?   "is there a real danger of something breaking out?   is there going to be dumping of greek assets?   is the uk still going to intervene abroad?   "is this the first time in modern times that a british asset has been used to conduct a strike in a country where we are not involved in a war?   is this the largest black grouper catch ever?   is this the secret to privacy in economy?   i still believe i can win this tournament," spieth said.   “i still compete in championships, but there aren’t many of them in rio, so it’s not easy,” he said.   "i still don't know the rule to be honest."   i still haven't heard the "all clear" yet.   i still have the same mentality.   "i still stand by my statement.   "i stood my ground and stated my rights, that i can legally feed where i want," she wrote.   i stopped for breakfast, and decided to take a little ride..   i strongly believe that as long as you managed to keep confident, stay positive and focus on building a happy life for your little one, you're doing just great!   i strongly believe that," he said.   "i strongly hope that teachers, doctors and judges will remain human because sometimes you need someone to talk to," nello cristianini, professor of ai at bristol university told the bbc.   i struggle to work as regularly as i can because there i'm treated like every other journalist.   i studied at the institute for integrative nutrition."   i suppose he'd run out of ammunition, but he'd refilled.   i suspect amex's latest woes are temporary, but shareholders are going to need to exhibit patience amid what could be a multi-quarter storm.   i suspect the latter is true.   is your heart older than you are?   "it acts like a plane.   it added: "no distress call was received from the vessel.   it added: "parents, families, and communities deserve to know that when children fall behind, their schools will take action to improve."   it added that its current forecast for the euro against the swiss franc is under review.   it adds that the boats' disposal "will be taken in accordance with applicable international law."   it affected port bound and usual traffic.   "it ain't over.   i take a great deal of inspiration from his work.   "i take it as a personal challenge to see what i can make out of 'trash' at our house!" she says.   italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti said via twitter from the space station.   italian coast guard cmdr. filippo marini said the vessel was cruising on autopilot toward the rocky italian coast at nautical miles per hour.   italian navy: migrant ship sinks with scores dead and hundreds rescued .. the italian navy says rescue operations are underway after a ship carrying migrants sank off libya.   italian prime minister matteo renzi on monday described the traffickers who packed their human cargo into the boat as akin to th-century slave traders.   "i talk to him all the time.   i talk to him like he is a child when i groom him.   "it all comes back to real-world application and mental math."   it all just stinks.   it all proved too much for mccain, who tore into the protesters.   it all started when price's father, jerry, got in touch with the league.   it almost goes without saying, but the cumulative impact of the stronger dollar is important to watch.   it also allows workers to challenge disparities in pay between people doing similar jobs or doing the same jobs at different work sites for the same company.   it also bears mentioning that the company has never published any peer-reviewed papers in medical journals discussing its methods or demonstrating how its results compare with traditional methods.   "it also brings out a seller that was on the fence, and even if it doesn't work for my buyer, it may be just what someone else is looking for."   it also calls for expanding in-home and community services and ensuring family involvement.   it also captured islamic state's yemeni commander in the city, residents said.   it also caused damage to a gas station and mall in oklahoma city.   it also cited reports that mlekta used connections with countries in the gulf, africa and europe to buy weapons and ammunition in violation of a u.n. arms embargo.   it also comes months after the pentagon dismissed such counts as "simply not a relevant figure" in the fight against the islamic state group.   it also correctly states that sga president elliott spillers will serve only four months before his term as president ends.   it also denied that taliban fighters were behind the attack.   it also drags iran's r&d program out into the light of day, subjecting it to the most intrusive inspections and verification regime in history.   it also establishes a special criminal court to try serious crimes.   it also expanded health care coverage to all service workers on u.s. google campuses.   it also has discounts normally only available to members of clubs, such as costco or sam's club wholesale shopping clubs.   "it also has more access for people getting in and out of cars," said brazil.   it also has to pay about nt$. billion in preferred stock dividends.   it also incorrectly listed rodney capel's current position.   it also marks the debut of mediatek's x octa-core chipset to the u.s. — the pure xl's processor clocks in at ghz and it's buoyed by gigabytes of ram.   it also meant we must not forget (or we must learn if we did not know it), removing the threat of a criminal takeover, literally, of the jamaican state.   it also offers custom alerts to warn you when you edge close.   it also once again demonstrates the brutality of (isis), which is responsible for thousands of abuses against the syrian and iraqi people," the security council said.   it also plans to further develop in the western part of the country.   it also produces scale models of current lamborghinis that the company sells for $, to $,.   it also provides commonsense exemptions for isolated ponds and agricultural or roadside ditches, most of which epa has indicated it never intended to cover.   it also rallied because of strong data on its big osteoporosis drug that is in phase trials that would be submitted to the fda for approval by the end of the year.   it also reproaches russia and the separatists for failing to release all the ukrainian prisoners-of-war they are holding.   it also says peers should be appointed to reflect the share of party votes at general elections.   it also shows companies’ subsequent efforts to deleverage their balance sheets by repaying debt rather than taking on new loans.   it also shows stars like seth rogan, james franco and jason segal getting their start in front of the camera.   it also suspends the nation's debt limit through march .   it also took me a while to get the references, and jokes, about morgan freeman's prolific voiceover narration.   it also took on an additional layer of cultural significance when the secret informant in the watergate scandal went by the pseudonym "deep throat."   it also touched briefly on succession concerns surrounding -year-old king bhumibol, the world's longest serving monarch who is revered but ailing.   it also triggered deep soul-searching about the treatment of women in a country where rape victims are often stigmatised and frequently pressured by police and relatives to drop allegations.   it also wants to raise its allocation to real estate.   it also won a best director oscar for frank capra, capra's third in five years.   it also won't help a region already facing terrorist threats from groups like isis and al qaeda, she said.   it also yielded results.   italy has also taken action to encourage the use of avastin in amd.   italy’s francesco molinari is five-under, while mcilroy is one of eight players a shot further back, in a pack that also includes england's danny willett, the northern irishman's main rival to win the race to dubai.   it announced plans to sell its pharmacy and clinic businesses to cvs health corporation for $. billion.   it appealingly laces its serious subject matter with laughs ("twenty-three is not a person yet, it's an age!"   it appears actual nhl players are no exception to backyard scrutiny.   it appears critical because cleveland appears to be at risk of losing kyrie irving.   it appears small and grainy in a corner of the video, but it’s difficult to see clearly which of the almost ground service employees went near it, they said.   it argues that they were unavoidable due to hamas's tactics of embedding militants among civilian populations, whether in homes, schools, mosques or un buildings.   it asked baffinland to revise its plans or apply for an exemption from the land use plan.   it attracted one reply, bensette said.   it authorized the interior ministry to cancel or confiscate the passports of people considered to be potential threats.   it bears noting that the park's southern half, now a drought-brown color in stark contrast to its bright green counterpart, will close right away.   it became about the song, not the artist.”   it became a debate on rape, incest and abortion, or should i say reportable rape and incest.   "it became a depression level," he told the paper.   "it became clear that it was best for both the denver broncos and coach fox to move on and make this change," elway said in a statement.   it began with a connection to this community generations in the making.   it begins at p.m. at union arts, new york avenue ne.   “it boggled my mind that (the developers) would get into a fight like this when they have known for years that (the mello-roos district) was going to happen.”   it briefly freaked out casey neistat, though.   "it brings unity to the community."   it bucked a difficult stretch for ipos, which are trading down about percent for the year.   it builds on the popularity of the mobile order and payment app that was recently rolled out throughout the u.s. this type of delivery system will be first tested in seattle sometime before the end of the year, starbucks spokeswoman haley drage said.   it calls for a boycott of the band and any venue that books them.   it calls on god to "bring an end to the killing of children in the womb, and bring an end to the sale of their body parts.   it came in just shy of 's "passion of the christ," which opened to $. million, the largest february opening of all time.   it can be accessed from any browser without anonymity.   it can be devastating for a player when injuries occur.   it can be dispiriting."   "it can be done.   "it can be implemented gradually and the unions can provide us with propositions," coiteux said.   it can be prevented.   it can be wildly helpful but also a bad experience!   it can bridge economy and ecology," said henk ovink, the country's special representative on water issues.   it can happen from eating at restaurants or at festive events where food is served while socializing.   it can happen to anyone claudia's experience illustrates an important fact about stroke that many people don't realize.   "it can help build the excitement of the vacation and teach them thrifty habits," firpo-cappiello said.   it cannot be this easy for somebody who wants to inflict harm on other people to get his or her hands on a gun.   "it cannot spend money it does not have for new charters or other expenses."   “it can range from private discipline to disbarment.   it can really help your wellbeing and your success, if you take time to consider the ways you are thinking and behaving, and decide what is helpful and unhelpful, what needs to change and what you want to keep steady.   it can take a generation to build a strong, capable military that is going to win this sort of campaign.”   it caused two upper floors to collapse into the basement of the unit.   "it certainly was a situation that i hadn't played in very much, playing a different role, obviously still playing with so many great players, but your minutes are different and things like that.   it changes your whole home," she continued.   it chastises the board for not considering the project's impact on climate change, shutting out the vast majority of citizens who applied to participate and excluding cross-examination.   "it chewed through it, and chewed through it, and got through it, but just the last half hour or so, the belts for the drive just finally gave up and then i had to push it like a lawn mower," he said.   it claimed the fir wrongly claimed the players had refused to attend the training camp and had also sent the players home.   it climbs up to meters above ground.   it comes after a long, tense, -day countdown, and an even longer fight to curb the spread of ebola.   it comes as crowds of refugees and other migrants camp by roads in western balkan countries in worsening autumn weather after hungary sealed its borders, causing a chain reaction in other overwhelmed states.   it comes from our elected officials, from the president to small-town mayors to the international climate negotiators gearing up for the united nations conference on climate change in paris.   it comes from the disorientation that you have when you take lsd.   it comes in two sizes - one for and another for passengers - and challenged rival companies airbus and boeing.   it comes two days after president barack obama promised senate democrats the same response to iranian intransigence, suggesting patience for continuing the current round of discussions was running out as it headed into its th day.   it comes with an additional counter-terrorism text books in english and is arguably the most comprehensive curriculum against terrorism to date.   "it concerned me that he was going for that weapon i presumed he had," parker said.   it concluded that the taxable profits for fiat’s luxembourg unit could have been times higher under normal market conditions.   it continues: "the verdict confronts the eu's leadership with one of its most severe crises of confidence and leaves greece facing potential financial collapse and exit from the euro.   it costs $ a month for the first year, and includes hd and dvr service for up to four tvs, unlimited talk and text on up to four phones and gb of shareable wireless data.   it could also prompt a renewed flurry of takeover bids for european rivals, with syngenta ag the most likely target.   it could also suggest that employment increased in industries that did not have as significant an impact on gdp.   it could be seen as a risky way to make a living, but as far as samir is concerned he doesn't have anything to lose.   it could be the cause of somebody getting stabbed or getting hurt," he said.   it could happen that someone with a criminal record easily passes the border checks, because that information hasn't made it into the databases.   it could last several days.   it counted what i have qualitative evidence for: what does it mean to be doing something on a daily basis that you kind of think is not good for you?   "it definitely met expectations."   "it definitely wasn't easy to push through and to see the silver lining in everything.   “it delights me to see women of individual character wear my unique creations.   it demonstrates the commitment and constant efforts of the ukrainian government and all state institutions that have made the fulfilment of the vlap benchmarks a top national priority.   it departed soon from mersin, a city on turkey’s southern coast, across from cyprus.   it depends how you measure 'our moment'.   “it depends on how long it has been since last you were harmed.   "it depends on other causes, which fall outside of our business."   it dictates what we should look like to feel beautiful and loved."   it did not give a date for the talks.   it didn't take sem long to snap out of its recent funk.   it didn't work last time.   "it did wake me up, and it woke my wife up, it was a loud bang," he said.   it does good work at committee, producing decent reports, but hardly anybody reads them.   "it does make you wonder: what was it like for him?   "it does not leave a very nice image."   “it does not need to be an excellent one, but just a normal one.”   it doesn't appear a public beach will be coming back to the city anytime soon.   it doesn't bind countries, however, to meet their climate targets, and it also doesn't prescribe exactly how they should get there.   it doesn't guarantee us anything on this one, but it's tough."   it doesn’t help that c.e.o.s are generally called back in times of crisis.   it doesn't make sense to wait until we reach the federal health standard when we know there's no significant storms in sight and the air quality will continue to deteriorate."   it doesn't mean 'come and have a look'!   “it doesn’t reverse the impairment,” krakauer said.   “it doesn’t seem likely at all,” said kevin wamsley, a professor at the university of western ontario who studies the olympics.   it draws a crowd, especially on christmas day when the weather is gorgeous and people are looking to get out.   it drew a record million visitors last year, but the vast majority were white and aging.   it enabled me to have a direct and unmediated conversation with god.   it ended because we came up with something better.   “i tend to forget the war with hezbollah in israel a few years back, where there were katyusha rockets passing just underneath the helicopter i was riding.”   it even includes a proposed new name: systemic exertion intolerance disorder, or seid.   it extends as far east as the killarney and pilot mound regions.   it faces repaying big imf loans in june, prompting more fears of insolvency.   it featured the song "the wind beneath my wings."   it feeds the narrative that blacks are inferior.   it feels solid in the hand and is incredibly light — like samsung galaxy alpha light.   it fell cents to $. a barrel on wednesday.   it felt almost a little too skinny when i was handling it, and i was afraid that i might drop and break it at times.   it felt as if the fact that we'd just got engaged meant nothing to either of them.   “it felt like a good midpoint, if i may be so lucky,” barrymore said of writing the book.   "it felt like everybody got a piece of this one."   it felt like i was rubbing my feet together and touching the door knobs," greer says.   it felt like longer.   "it fires a shell that is about inches in diameter," said jobling.   it follows a difficult winter when thousands of people waited over eight hours to be treated and discharged.   it forced banks to hold onto more cash -- think of it like rainy day funds to use in times of crisis.   it found that drivers in houston, atlanta and baltimore are the least courteous.   it found that fewer americans expected their incomes to rise.   it gave him instagram images, too, with a million likes.   "it gave me a great look," he said sunday.   "it gets me out more," stone says.   "it gives me great joy to be able to bring joy to people who stop by to look at it," libow says, though he concedes there's always a few scared by the witch's house, particularly children.   "it goes on day and night, month after month," a filipino mayor told me on the island of palawan.   it got colder from there as the early morning progressed.   it grew out of the city and was a part of the landscape — figuratively, but literally, too.   it had a permanent residence in my life and for a long time i thought it was the most important thing about me, but it's not now, and i am moving on.   it had been a major stumbling block in achieving peace in the middle east.   it had been donated to him to from the vet bike organization to help him heal from post traumatic stress disorder and depression after his deployment in iraq.   it had been founded by mary's great-grandfather, james hudson taylor, a preacher from barnsley, once an important coal mining town in the north of england.   it had just reached a fever pitch.   it had more than two-thirds of its revenue from china last year.   it had never been reported stolen in kennewick.   it had rained a little the morning i visited lawrence cox, on his farm, near brawley, in california’s imperial valley.   it had revenues last year of us$ billion and worked with million merchants worldwide.   it had set a sept. deadline to reach agreement on the plan, first unveiled a year ago and recently beefed up by more cost reductions and an investment review.   it had to be taken out of its case at security, ostensibly for a cavity search, and meijer said it only just squeezed down the aisle of the plane.   "it had to do with the rituals that go back to the aztecs and the maya," he said.   it had windows xp, which i still believe is the best operating system microsoft has produced.   it happened as staff were opening up the store and the offenders, who were not armed, abused the employees.   it has a -bit quad-core mediatek processor and a gpu that's twice as fast as the first-generation box.   it has a city-wide ban and fines of up to $ for zipping down a city hill.   "it has a genie-in-a-bottle quality about it where we don't even know where it goes," podair says.   it has a job vacancy rate of .%, according to the eu's latest figures.   it has also been outraged by last month's move by the european union to label products made in israeli settlements on lands it captured in the mideast war.   it has also earned him admirers, who email him with requests to join him on expeditions.   it has also exposed a mess of conflicting stories and numbers within the ministry itself.   it has also prompted investors to cut yuan holdings, with the fund outflows likely to last for a while, said ding shuang (丁爽), another standard chartered hong kong-based analyst.   it has an offline customer base of . million people (from real estate customers to movie goers).   it has a number of board games that can be played with decreasing accuracy as you imbibe craft cocktails.   it has averaged . in , the highest annual average in years.   it has become a kind of turkish alternative to erdogan's governing justice and development party (akp).   it has become my periodic duty to explain to germans what it is like to live many, many years in this beautiful, strange country without a german passport.   it has been about trading sessions since the market peaked, compared with oil market downturns in - and - that lasted between and sessions, the bank said.   it has been amazing to watch how all of our relationships have changed and grown.   it has been a steadfast ally of the u.s. in the war on terror.   it has been modified for its online appearance.   it has been modified somewhat for its online appearance.   it has been my experience that most of microsoft’s recent updates are malware and act as viruses more than the supposed viruses you may incur.   "it has been over a year since the premier travelled to washington and took a bunch of pictures and posted them to his twitter account about the important senators that he met," said silver.   “it has been perfected and simplified by the great people at apple,” drake says.   "it has been raining for four days and the weather is very cold."   “it has challenges that are unique in the city, and it has its own character,” interim development services director dana burkhardt said.   'it has entirely disbanded,' said michael dennehy, who was perry's senior advisor overseeing the new hampshire operation.   "it has evolved from its dictionary definitions into a tool that dehumanises and distances, a blunt pejorative," malone wrote.   it has, however, been surpassed by another form of music outsiders might not expect.   "it has mice, cockroaches, bedbugs.   "it has no heart for people in this community and it totally doesn't conform to any of the existing rules and the benefit is only to the developers."   "it hasn't even sunk in how big this is yet."   it has produced only three vehicles, all of which cost more than $,.   it has provided a livelihood for the people in these countries since ancient times, but those that depend on it are all too familiar with the risks of the river.   it has raised political tensions as the nation waits to see whether the party's anti-immigration message captures more hearts than the message of unity the french government is trying to preserve.   it has recently stepped up its efforts to build up islands on shallow reefs in the disputed area.   it has released videos showing beheadings of foreign captives, including that of american journalist james foley, in response to u.s.-led airstrikes.   it has since mounted a tough crackdown on the islamist movement.   it has the largest branch network in armenia ( branches throughout armenia).   "it has to be a multicountry effort.   "it helped that he had all the genius insights to make progress, but i think a key factor was this focus and concentration and determination," kennefick said.   "it helps us protect ourselves, and lets us know when people are crossing our boundaries."   i think afterwards late in the game he started to really feel it activate kind of, and it got worse.”   "i think all that enters.   i think almost every one of the polls that people are still taking, percent of the people in the poll are undecided.   "i think a lot of it was fatigue (for malden)," new madrid county central head coach travis day said.   i think a museum for african aat has been a long time coming," léon stated.   i think any time you just get different energy in there it’s going to be different, which is really what i was hoping for.   i think april and brett may fare well from having this harsh experience early on.   i think as long as runners are mindful of other cyclists as treat themselves basically like slow bikes, there's no reason we can't share the bike lane.   "i think every round, unless i shoot -under par, i'm probably going to say, 'hey, i knew it could have been better.'   i think for me it wasn’t necessarily the technology.   "i think he may owe an apology to the families of those who have sacrificed in conflict and those who have undergone the prison experience in serving their country," said mccain.   'i think he signed his donation card' and he said, 'dad would give anyone anything,'" she told cbc radio's on the go.   "i think he's putting himself in a situation that he's not only going to be challenged again and again, but that he's going to create some internal opposition that in the end could topple him."   i think i can make it happen by five years from now.”   i think if you do a story about this, we'll get business from the people who aren't fans of muslims.   "i think it embarrasses him to play like this but he knows deep down inside that he can get it done," said azinger, who has become one of the most acclaimed golf analysts on television.   i think it eviscerates what medicine is intended to be.   i think it happens in real life, soering had told his questioners, of false confessions.   "i think it is likely that they could move northwards on their own if suitable habitat were available to move in to."   “i think it is worthwhile to pursue this.”   "i think it'll be probably a bit sombre," he said.   "i think it means several things.   "i think it's a formula for the country.   "i think it's a human rights issue."   i think it's a myth that expansions die of old age.   i think it’s better to hear the body hit, right?   i think it's escalated," said liam grier, while waiting for a bus.   “i think it’s important from time to time to do exactly what he’s doing, which is to visit other nations in the world, to understand what they think about america.”   "i think it's important in any budget," said martin.   i think it's important that we all understand that and come together."   i think it’s important to promote cultural exchange as a means of building mutual understanding, and educational opportunities are a great way to achieve this goal.   "i think it's jeb bush," he said.   "i think it's just over the last few years that i've played and been in contention at major championships, i feel like i've learnt a lot," explained the -year-old.   “i think it’s just sad commentary and it’s gone to a pretty low level.   "i think it's more important than ever for anyone in any position where people are listening to them and hearing them that we reinforce what makes canada so special and so tolerant and cohesive."   "i think it's one of the worst missing person's cases in history," margaret lamanna told dateline nbc.   i think it's probably terribly important to listen.   "i think it's such a nice touch and anything that makes fitness easier is great.   "i think it's, uh, ambien that says you might go out to eat and not remember," said one patient in the study.   "i think it would be a bit naive to say that the whole month went great," says jade cambron.   i think it would be good for jason.   i think it would have been much more refreshing to have seen a grittier take on tarzan -- taking a page more from marvel's "daredevil" and "jessica jones" series on netflix than from their avengers mega-cgi extravaganza films.   “i think jeb is less forgiving of slights by others,” sununu said.   i think lendingclub has come down enough that you can speculate on it, but i like these other guys."   "i think many americans take our freedom for granted," palladino stated.   i think more than anything, instead of just putting a number on it, we need to trust what our eyes are telling us and what the kid is feeling.   "i think my resignation probably comes as a relief to the new owners, and it is in my best interest and those of my family," hengel said, according to reporter neal morton.   “i think of him all the time, but it’s those days when he really comes to mind,” said azeem victor, washington’s redshirt-sophomore middle linebacker who made his first start in friday’s - season-opening loss at boise state.   i think of them every time i hear political bluster from climate deniers.   i think our version of the kimye baby boy is the perfect mix of kim and kanye, and would look adorable in the kardashian-west family photo next to older sister north!"   "i think over the next five years we might see some of the major airlines spinning off their programs in the u.s.," sorensen said.   "i think people are just worried in general about the federal reserve and i think that's a primary culprit," said robert pavlik, chief market strategist at boston private wealth.   i think people will come to the polls to make it count.   "i think that a well-regulated market with three operators would function very well, with four operators it can operate but it's more complicated and it will require cooperation between operators," richard said.   i think that government itself is struggling to try to come up with these new regulations," he said.   “i think that is a realistic goal.”   i think that it's a very fair test, and you hit good shots, you get rewarded, and you hit shots like i did on a few holes, you get penalised."   i think that's a big, big misconception.   i think that's my biggest improvement.   "i think that someone like derek jeter or alex rodriguez, who has made half a billion dollars in his career, doesn't really need a favor from a normal civilian and a fan like me.   “i think that success is a lot more sweet when you kind of go through hardship like we did the first couple years that i was up here,” keuchel said.   i think that's what made me think that these kids need to be safe," said bouvette.   i think that's why it has caused a problem," he said.   i think that the speed at which it was falling was a bigger deal than the actual price."   "i think that ultimately, we're going to be successful," jessie basgall, attorney for kansans for life, said after the ruling.   "i think that was the thing, i knew i had some sort of potential," max said.   "i think that what they have learned over the past few months and past few weeks in particular is how each individual in the community can make a difference," he said.   "i think that when knowledge is power and to make sure i know what's going on and what steps are being taken to make things safer for me and for her.   "i think that while some people are excited by fat jokes and stupid jokes, that i think there are a lot of people in the general election — independents, as well as probably many of, uh, women voters, aren't really that entertained by this," paul said.   "i think the atmosphere is a nervousness.   i think the community is unwilling to face the fact that michael brown was a bad actor."   "i think the department of tourism, the department of commerce will now reach out further and pull from the private sector more and better, stronger private partnership money," williamson said.   "i think the effect will not be seen directly this year within their catch because they're after fish that are two, three and four years old," professor doug haffner said.   "i think the greeks should pay us back, but i don't think they will," says -year-old isabela, who works for paris city hall and declined to give her last name.   "i think the most important part is that we're seeing a suspicious signal in the data, and then the rest is kind of one step at a time," vachaspati said.   i think the public has been immune from having to deal with predators.   "i think there is an inherent risk in that.   “i think there should be a support dog for every person, boy or girl, who is going through anything rough,” she later wrote in a letter to zebra staff.   "i think the running game is so much better," palmer said.   "i think the strength is the depth of it," he said.   i think the water company should put in a pipe system that is adequate.   i think the whole thing with truth, with gerry, was not hiding anything.   “i think the ypj girls, they’re the real heroes because they’re not just fighting isil, they’re fighting for women’s rights.”   "i think they responded very well and i think that's the biggest reason why i got the job," mackanin said.   "i think they were trying to put a message across to the young fellows that they can come and do this whenever they want just based on hearsay."   "i think this is a sign of hope for the entire world and we all know this is very much needed in this time," the eu’s top diplomat federica mogherini said ahead of the meeting.   i think this is where most people probably look at the person in uniform and they probably say, okay, this is the guy who is now going to tell us we need to build more jails and make tougher laws.   "i think this process stinks," he said.   "i think this was an experience that was new and challenging, particularly for younger employees who had never been through an anomaly.   "i think those images got very much stuck into my deep psyche."   "i think to put the rates up even a couple of dollars, that's a couple of dollars per time you get in the cab.   "i think venus and serena have both said: 'if you look good, you'll play good,'" says rothenberg.   “i think we all feel like weirdos for different reasons.   "i think we have heard from at least three or four cities and stadiums in germany about hosting a game," waller said.   i think we have to change it.'   "i think we need to develop a consensus about how to approach this without hollowing out our industrial core, without taking jobs away from people, without creating more hardship for the middle class of this country," bush said.   "i think we need to get our priorities straight and think more about the individuals rather than the outward appearance of our society and culture and in reaction to yesterday's incident i've been hearing a lot of, 'how does this make us appear?'   i think we’re at the point in the season where they’ve seen a lot of our adjustments and a lot of the concepts.   "i think we regard this as the gold standard test of its kind.   i think we should be wary of asking gigantic walled gardens like facebook and reddit to enforce rules about bad speech.   "i think we've got to stay focused week-to-week, and i know that's not what you all want to hear.   “i think we’ve learned from that mistake: don’t poke the bear.”   "i think what makes it particularly hard is that kids don't often have that maturity to be able to intellectualize about it — to say, 'well, even though i'm doing this for my mother she did this for me at one time,'" rabins said.   "i think what she's done has been really special for new orleans."   "i think what's he's done is to do what's required: to go to the first film everyone loves and identifies with and bring it to a new generation."   i think what's important for people to understand is that we still have a commitment to priority hiring in the northwest territories.   "i think what we need to focus on now is who we do have here and instill the value of education in them, not just as teachers, but as parents at home.   i think women all over this country heard very clearly what mr. trump said.”   "i think you'll see some good scoring, i think putting will be more important than driving," he told reuters.   "i think your experience and your example of suffering and service is something that would be sorely missed in the race," said the comedian, who suffered tragedy himself as a child when his father and two of his brothers died in a plane crash.   i think you should take advantage of the stock discount to get some exposure to this classic american brand.   "it holds more toppings.   "i thought about the car in the garage thing, and i thought, who was going to have to find me?   i thought girls wanted effete little things, not big, burly, manly-looking men.   "i thought that's what he did."   “i thought there was room for a progressive candidate to talk about the issues with the front-runner secretary clinton,” chafee, and also a former mayor and u.s. senator, told the station.   "i thought we had a couple more 'a' chances.   i thought we worked really well together.   it hurt that i wasn't being heard, and it hurt because the faith i was trying to push away wouldn't let go of me.   "it inappropriately singles out students for disparate treatment and will make it much harder for students to find appropriate housing," said steven brown, the chapter's executive director.   it indicates high intelligence.   "it invalidates the meaning of the word 'vested.'   it involved a saudi national convicted of killing a policeman who had tried to arrest him for smuggling drugs, according to the interior ministry.   it is times lighter than styrofoam but as strong as titanium.   it is a big business, replete with multi-million dollar television contracts, three-hour games played at ungodly hours and loyal fans forced to sit in the rain while the networks try to sell the rest of us razor blades and range rovers.   it is a big question.   it is about keeping really well organized.   "it is absolutely critical to end all incitement, to end all violence and to find a road forward to build the possibility, which is not there today, for a larger process," kerry told reporters as he and netanyahu posed for pictures.   "it is a completely irregular, untimely and unjustified procedure," the institute said in a statement.   "it is a concern obviously for his safety," wray said.   "it is a crisis in la, and i don't think people realize the magnitude of it," said john kump, an outreach program manager at the charity people assisting the homeless (path).   it is across the street from central park.   it is actively transforming how we build businesses, how we work and how we create economies.   "it is a decisive step and it will not be the last," he added in a later conference call.   "it is a devastating tragedy and i cannot pretend to imagine what this family is going through at this time."   "it is a difficult and unwelcome choice, but it is better than remaining stuck at this frustrating crossroads."   “it is a few devices compared to the thousands of ieds used by daesh,” he concluded, using the arabic acronym for isis, adding that he hoped other countries would follow suit in offering equipment, and more importantly expertise.   it is a given that politics can make changes to an educational system which is difficult or challenging.   it is a landmark one that will have far reaching ramifications for users of social media in zimbabwe.   it is alleged he was out past his curfew on jan..   "it is already getting greener and that really shouldn't happen.   it is also an end in itself, anchoring the southern flank in the city," the us-based stratfor global intelligence company warned in special "red alert" issued to clients.   it is also "a thought leader," gartner says: "it is extraordinarily innovative, exceptionally agile, and very responsive to the market.   "it is also the first lanternshark to ever be discovered off of the central eastern pacific ocean near central america," vasquez pointed out.   it is also understood there is £m to carry out work connected with belfast's peace walls.   it is a memorable occasion."   it is a natural aspiration of any leader.   it is an emotion that has intentional and cognitive content.   it is an important decision," he said.   it is an issue that affects everyone, including big companies like ours.   it is an unbearable thought."   “it is a purely personal relationship with his listeners.   it is a question that most lenders prefer to avoid, because invariably it leads to another question: what happens to the rate at the end of the start rate period?   it is a ravaging health crisis in our community, and current trends project that one in black men, as well as one in black women are going to be diagnosed with hiv in their lifetime.   “it is a scene from our lives,” nippak says.   it is as though the germans are standing up and saying: "we are not who you have long thought we were."   "it is a symbolic and powerful reminder that together we have the power to change things.   it is a tantalizing question facing the future of the american west: what would happen if the colorado river dried up?   it is beautiful, almost heartbreakingly so, but that's an idealized portrayal, and such a superficial description of what nature is like here.   it is before a house of delegates committee right now.   it is believed she was bleeding heavily from an arm injury caused in the accident and was taken to a london hospital by air ambulance.   it is believed there had been a dispute between the pair over money following the sale of another margate property.   it is both psychologically and physically damaging, says louise hartley, psychologist at the university of york, canada, who focuses on the impact of depression in the workplace.   it is clear from the cheery inspired, proud messages i have been getting, these newly activated people are very happy and motivated.   "it is clear now there has not been a knockout and a complete demolition of houthi firepower.   it is currently topping opinion polls in the run up to local, regional and national elections this year.   it is day two of the massive rally of aquinox pharmaceuticals inc. (aqxp), and the stock is continuing to push higher.   it is delicious added to soups and stews.   it is delusional to expect a country with a population of million to stop, regulate and resolve what much bigger member states have failed to do."   it is democracy at its finest.   “it is essential that we act urgently and collectively.”   it is essential to act quickly, as the longer a pet goes without treatment, the greater the risk.   it is expected to move north at km/h and head to southern japan by tuesday, the weather bureau said.   it is expected to raise major new government revenues and could provide israel with strategic leverage in the region if it becomes a gas exporter.   it is formally imposed by the parliament upon a proposal from the government.   it is for over years that government has steadfastly ignored this."   it is further alleged that jah cure was not able to pay a fee of us$, (j$,) to the court and agreed to pay the remainder by yesterday evening.   it is given to someone who goes above and beyond in their service to the museum, in tribute to mr cresswell.   "it is going to be a celebration on our part," said gustavo machin, deputy director for u.s. affairs at cuba's foreign ministry.   it is going to be a frank and forward-looking summit which may set the agenda between the two countries for many years to come.   "it is heartbreaking, every day is a different look.   "it is important that groening stands trial, but the survivors had hoped to see prosecution much earlier," heubner added.   it is important that the community know that willamette valley christian school was aware of the ongoing investigation into mr. bass.   it is important to note that gallup also discovered that a growing percentage of non-whites have lost considerable confidence in the ability of police officers to protect them.   it is important to note that while a state may export hundreds of millions, or even billions, of dollars worth of a particular product, it may not actually be producing very much of that product within the state.   it is important to prevent similar behaviour by other companies in future."   it is impossible at this point to know exactly when and where the polar vortex anomaly will occur, though there will be some clues to watch for once winter arrives.   it is impossible to avoid coming in contact with the germy places on airplanes and in airports but zautcke says that's no reason to stop traveling.   it is, in a very real way, much more important than the physical office space that my weak and fallible body actually inhabits for more hours of the day than i care to admit here.   it is in everyone's best interests to have separate lanes.   it is in staying with the pain of unexplainable circumstances and asking the questions that seem to have no answers, that we often arrive at the best possible response.   "it is intended to be a place where the visitor can touch the history, the tradition of the boston marathon, and then get out and do something, go for a run themselves."   it is known to draw a young audience, and about half of the users of the english-language boards for sharing text, pictures or video are in the us.   it is likely that for as long as austerity remains on the ballot of each major party (as it probably will in ), nationalism will thrive and the snp will grow from strength to strength.   it is likely that the plane broke up on impact after falling out of the sky vertically at an extremely high speed, investigators have said.   “it is like that in every match.   it is loaded w/political correct issues.   it is more common in sub-saharan africa and affects an estimated one tanzanian in ,.   it is much easier for groups to come together virtually to solve a problem.   it is much more physical and there are so many battles on the pitch.   it is near marea, the main rebel stronghold in aleppo that has been under fierce is attack for months and is now completely encircled by the jihadists.   it is no coincidence that russia has steadily risen in the doing business index issued by the world bank, ranking out of countries this year, up from in .   it is no good building it five years later.”   it is no surprise that the french are more likely to be worried about these foreign fighters.   it is not accurate to say that someone who takes their own life does so for a rational 'reason'.   it is not at all about that.   it is not clear how seriously strauss-kahn’s most recent recommendations have been taken in policymaking circles since he stepped down amid a string of sexual scandals.   it is not clear how the deductions would affect federal tax withholding or health-insurance payments.   it is not clear who committed such atrocities, said the u.n. mission which emphasized that the government and all parties must ensure that all civilians are protected and that combatants are controlled so they don't target civilians.   it is noteworthy that those mps who spearheaded and supported restrictions on abortion in the last parliament while claiming to be interested in "protecting" women also showed zero interest in measures that genuinely would help pregnant women.   it is not just playing basketball.   it is not known how many remain in existence today, but it is safe to say that the number is a very small -- westlicht estimates it to be at around to , spread around the world in private collections.   it is not only israel that views iran as a mortal threat to its security and to regional peace.   "it is not pleasant, it is scary," akol said.   it is not satisfactory to all stakeholders.   it is not the age at which your benefits peak in size.   "it is not true that we are blocking a windows . operating system update on our computers," samsung said in a statement.   it is not uncommon for entrepreneurs to face questions from a half-dozen wilks family members when asking for money.   it is not yet clear whether the gap in altitude data below -, feet originated in the a's systems or problems in transmission, underlining the importance of recovering complete evidence from the data recorder.   "it is now, more than ever, necessary that political leaders be outstanding for honesty, integrity and commitment to the common good," he added.   it is now my pleasure to declare the th anniversary exhibition of the bahamas national youth choir officially open."   'it isn't censorship,' says cbc's david studer cbc news has decided not to publish cartoons from charlie hebdo that feature the prophet muhammad.   "it is obvious that the russians will be more resolute in dealing with this situation.   it is one of nine debates sanctioned by the republican national committee.   it is one of only two live interviewer national polls released since thanksgiving that found trump with a lead smaller than points.   it is one of the few businesses that supplies jobs for people on the reservation.   it is one of the world's most popular cheeses.   it is only a matter of when, because maiduguri is strategic," he told afp.   "it is our firm belief that questions of reparations and compensation have been legally and politically resolved," steffen seibert, spokesman for german chancellor angela merkel, said on wednesday.   it is our first experience of that darkness."   "it is our hope that the essay will gnaw on the consciences of readers who may recall an instance of their own repugnant behavior," they wrote.   "it is our hope that through this action, true change will come not only in ferguson, but around the country," they said in a statement.   it is palpably mischievous to insinuate that the party vice president is for participation in the forthcoming by-elections in violation of a congress resolution of a party where she is vice president.   "it is plainly illegal."   "it is pretty cool to be mentioned in the same sentence as those guys," he said.   "it is pretty exciting just to see that we can have this festival here in spokane and bring so much attention to the city but overall it's been really good for business."   it is probably news to you, then, that beta cassettes are still a thing you can buy.   it is putting those words in an easy context.   it is radical islamic terrorism."   it is really hard for me to put into words how it felt talking with her.   it is recommended to check schedulit daily but not mandatory.   it is so easy to stay busy in our task-oriented, plugged-in, highly-medicated world and forget to check-in with ourselves and question our habitual thoughts and behaviors.   it is strange to be face to face with an animal that can potentially kill you."   “it is such a devastating illness and the journey is so lonely, and you never really come back to the person you were.”   it is surprising that at this point the organizing committee which emerged from the entity's constituent congress -- despite its undeniable technological capabilities -- doesn't have its own digital site.   it is the deposition of an illusory government that drove the country into the worst crisis in years.   it is the first such claim in europe, and it could set an important legal precedent at a time when the world’s first climate change refugees are just beginning to emerge.   it is the first time that either nation has agreed to accept former guantanamo prisoners for resettlement.   it is the kind of hate that when left unchecked can lead to rogue police officers believing they can get away with abusing and killing black citizens.   it is the major party in the current ruling coalition, as of may .   it is the very reason we must hammer out an iron-clad agreement to ensure iran cannot get its hands on a nuclear bomb."   it is this phony overconfidence which machoness generates that results in all these ills of society.   it is this sense of responsibility and passion for the plans which drove rigby through her selection process.   it is through observing the motion of binary stars that scientists have identified black holes that have masses close to that of our sun.   "it is time for a doer," he said.   it is time for ex-im to stop lagging and state unequivocally that it will reject any proposal to use our tax dollars to support adani's failing carmichael mine.   "it is time for the world to free itself from the strictures of doha."   it is time to take a step back.   it is time to talk about what the buildings that bear their names say about the students, faculty and administrators working within them.   it is to announce yourself against the discoveries of science, or so frightened of those who are that you can be swayed from answering honestly.   it is tradition to raise a maypole for midsummer, the longest day of the year.   it is unacceptable and must not be swept from view or used as a scapegoat for the political failings of the ruling class.   it is unclear what will happen when calgary city council meets next monday.   it is understood that kim, , has recently had her -week scan, with the baby due in february.   it is usually good to accept people's help where we can get it, including times when they are not giving us exactly what we wanted.   it is very cool to be here," hehr said.   "it is very distressing.   “it is what it is,” he said.   "it is with a profound sense of gratitude and emotion that i announce my decision not to seek re-election to the u.s. congress," hinojosa, , said in a prepared text of a statement he made at a news conference in south texas.   it just didn't feel so cut and drive to close the case so quickly.   it just doesn't work."   “it just instills a lot of confidence in me what the coaches think about me.   it just might be plenty of bacon.   it just unveiled a whopping gb card (the ultra microsdxc uhs-i card premium edition, to be exact) that makes just about anything else seem puny.   itk, canada's national inuit organization, has not developed any of the materials, but it has collected the items from inuit educators across canada.   it kind of looked like something an uncool -year-old would wear to a party which, i confess in retrospect, would actually be quite adventurous of me.   it knocked the whole thing over on its side.   it later adopted calvin phelps, a cigarette manufacturer from north carolina.   it left liverpool five points behind fourth-place united and six off third-place arsenal, and there is no more room for error with just eight games left in the campaign.   it likely will expand to more countries next year and ultimately could reach to countries in africa, asia, latin america and eastern europe.   "it'll be up to her to demonstrate that she can be trusted in future."   it'll get done at its appropriate moment but i'd like to see it get done as fast as possible."   it'll work with every smartphone and cost $, the companies said.   "it looks like bats were able to survive with the help of the bacterium so it's promising," says karen vanderwolf, a bat conservation specialist with the canadian wildlife federation in new brunswick.   it looks like mammals were just waiting their turn and as soon as the dinosaurs disappeared, they thrived."   it looks like the cold weather will continue into the weekend and probably through to the start of the following week as well."   "it looks like the outflows are a hiccup," fox said in the statement.   "it looks like they shut the wrong engine," said greg waldron, the singapore-based asia managing editor at aviation industry publication flightglobal.   it made me realise that talking about mental health is a bit like refusing to call voldemort you-know-who.   it made stripping illegal in bars unless it's done for charity one time in a year.   "it makes it difficult to see this as a carbon-saving measure," bigland-pritchard said, criticizing that component of the project.   it makes me relax and unwind like nowhere else i've ever been."   it makes no sense that the bus was taking that exit.   it marked a disappointing end to a season full of high expectations for the pac-, which began the year touted as arguably the best conference in college football.   it marked the end of the journey for the three firefighters.   it may appear to be a generous gesture on the part of the state, but the reality is that few rohingya have identity papers.   it may be a busy production year for the industry, but some of the work won't be ready until next year.   it may be partly informational, because the supply chain is very well hidden," png said.   "it may just be because people are so price sensitive, it's very hard for (insurers) to make money here."   it may look like a painting by vincent van gogh, but this mass of swirling colors is really a satellite image depicting a huge bloom of phytoplankton, or microscopic marine plant life, in the waters of the north atlantic ocean.   “it may lower soda consumption, and it raises funds.”   it may slide further, according to citigroup inc. “summer is when refineries are all running hard, so actual demand for crude is as good as it gets,” seth kleinman, london- based head of energy strategy at citigroup inc., said by e-mail.   it means a great deal to myself and to our officers.”   "it means a lot to me… we can go to each other for help, you know, hang out, do stuff.   it might be great for their german, but i'm inspired by the student's enthusiasm for their art lessons, even though they talk of their dream of becoming mechanics or electricians or carpenters in the same breath.   it might be more praiseworthy if, instead of discriminating based on the type of disease, drug companies set lower prices for lower-income buyers to help them afford treatments which are of low monetary value, as suggested by my colleague patricia danzon.   it might be on for someone "tonight" and yesterday it was truly a few hours away.   it might be useful for greece to do so.   it might just be the kind of cases she ends up sentencing on," he said.   it moved from no. on the list to no. — the biggest jump in the history of the index.   "it must be freed of insider speculation, be transparent, all people must be aware of the statistics.   it must be seen as a great historic achievement.   it must include the people's representatives.   it needn't be a lot.   it needs a new carburettor, a part which costs somewhere in the region of a year's wages for the average cuban worker - $- - so they're trying to fix it themselves.   it needs to be completely different to connect with your audience in a way that you can't do elsewhere.   it noted that islamic state militants were likely aware of who was in the area.   it now expects revenue of $. billion to $. billion from a bundle of commercial services, including its azure cloud platform, compared to $. billion in the latest quarter.   it nudges affluent children toward marriage and lower-income children away from it.   it offers four five-day extensive fashion programs exploring the world of retail fashion led by some of new york's top fashion industry professionals, as well as special programming year-round.   "i told him that i have waited years for this moment," he said.   i told him the story and he shook his head in disbelief, muttering a very distressed (and disgusted) "mom!   "i told our team we would have days to flip that house like that hgtv show.   "i told the guys when we went out there, we're only going to do this together.   “i told them that such actions are wrong and against humanitarian principles,” he said.   "i told the pakistan cricket board (pcb) about my plans," said misbah.   it only makes you more apt to whip out your phone and get nose-deep in a vicious tech circle of texting, email checking, and lord knows what else.   i took a few photos with the theta s at its unveiling yesterday, and it wasn't until i pinched and zoomed around all degrees of one photo before i saw there was a woman performing aerial acrobatics just a few feet behind and above my head.   it operates health plans under numerous brands, including anthem blue cross, anthem blue cross/blue shield, blue cross and blue shield of georgia and empire blue cross blue shield.   it orbited the earth every minutes.   i tore my pec sophomore year and missed every game of the season after the first game.   it paid off, too, as the september debate generated "nfl-level" ratings.   it pledged to truthfully reflect public sentiment and acknowledged there were "divergent opinions" over the election process.   it pours straw yellow and has strong elements of lemon and yeasty kombucha.   it previews rio ferdinand, ashley cole and john terry's appearance at a charity match.   'it probably wouldn't be as disturbing to people as many people think it may be.'   it produces smog, which in turn exacerbates asthma attacks, reduces lung function, and increases hospitalizations in vulnerable populations like the elderly and people with pre-existing health conditions.   “it provides much-needed momentum to negotiators preparing to forge a global climate deal in paris in december.   "it purports to tell the world that if you want to have any confidence in your dealings with america they have to negotiate with members of congress," kerry added, shooting down such a proposition as "untrue" and "profoundly a bad suggestion."   it quickly became clear that she didn’t.   it quiets people down."   it read more like a love letter than a rant.   it reads, “you may shoot me with your words, you may cut me with your eyes.   it really doesn't sit well.   it recently emerged that an inmate informant will testify against hernandez, but the person's identity and details of the prospective testimony haven't been released.   it reinforces the conservative and new democrat assertion that, when all is said and done, it’s still the same old bunch, lining up even now for a share of the same old spoils.   it reinforces the group's message of strength.   it relies on alcohol, whole chilies and spices, and that’s it.   it remains unclear whether long-haul flights to asia and america will also offer the new system.   it requires the house and senate to give affirmative approval before refugees are allowed into the u.s. and allows congress to block the president's resettlement proposals.   i tried to express this title's dancing focus as i worked on the piece, while keeping the distinct taste of persona's music as its basis.   i tried to get out of my car and run."   i tried to kill myself several times."   "i tried to swing the club but the result wasn't that good.   i try to be (blase), but it's hard when you get excited about stuff."   "it's a $ billion market.   it's a big decision, and i think we've decided."   it’s a bolder strategy than it may seem at first, and it sets the times apart from similarly sized competitors that are slimming down their news-gathering operations in the face of declining ad revenue.   it's about inches long and inches tall.   "it's about telling stories differently," said glenda pacanis, senior vice president of programming at the nbc universal-owned telemundo.   "it's about the same size as the living hellbender salamander from the eastern usa, although the two species are not closely related."   "it's about the social connection."   it's a breathtaking space that fuses traditional touches and modern comfort.   it's a casual contempt that some white and even some black officers have for poor black people.   "it's a chance to get a cure for this, which is unheard of so far," said elliott.   it's a colorful career he carved out after retiring as a sugarcane worker.   “it’s a company that is everywhere and deals with all these cultures,” he says.   "it's a completely lame excuse," henfeffer said.   it's a complicated situation because technically, the question raised is very problematic and not really accurate.   it’s a constant battle deciding whether to invest in a potentially lucrative deal, said philadelphia financier rudy karsan: “greed versus fear.”   "it's a conversation that comes up frequently in our household," she said.   it's actually one of my favorite words and resonates throughout my body.   "it’s actually surprised me, when you read the rumours," he said.   "it's a disaster for the (ashraf) ghani government," said pakistani expert ahmed rashid.   it's a dream," said chantale hache of pictou county's northern opportunities for business, a government business development corporation.   “it’s a fact that the thousands of purchasers of its top- selling pet food products would not have bought this brand had they known the truth -– that hundreds of individuals are enslaved, beaten or even murdered in the production of its pet food.”   it's afghanistan's fifth largest city and the capital of the province of the same name.   it's a film completely in sync with the pulse of the country," critic and blogger jose geraldo couto wrote.   “it’s a free country.   "it's a full inspection.   “it’s a good deal for the city that includes a $ million payment to the city’s affordable housing efforts and a pledge to refurbish the -screen shattuck theater, an anchor entertainment venue on berkeley’s main thoroughfare.”   it's a good idea to come back in the morning."   it's a good start," she said.   it's a great family organization for kids and adults of all ages.   it's a great idea in theory, but canada's two biggest airlines were quick to come out against the proposal, saying it would be too difficult to implement.   it's a huge draw for birders anxious to tick off species on checklists.   it's a huge transformation, and it's just the beginning: other automakers detailed technology that will affect cars to years down the road.   it said a soldier was lightly wounded in the stabbing late tuesday.   it said baghdadi had been driven away from the convoy in an unknown condition.   it said it could impose conditions such as sufficiently large basins, hygienic standards and "rest periods for the fish" to satisfy animal welfare concerns.   it said thailand "translated its genuine political will to combat human trafficking into practical policies, effective implementation, and concrete results" calling the issue a national priority.   it said that uae forces freed semple in a military operation on saturday and took him to yemen's main southern city of aden, from where he was flown to abu dhabi overnight.   it said the attacks would continue as long as the country continued its current policies.   it said the man was in his s and was found alone wednesday.   it said the released included children and their mothers.   it said the transaction has been approved by the committee on foreign investment in the united states.   it said warsaw has sent six applications to the u.s. justice department for help under a u.s.-polish treaty on mutual legal assistance.   "it's a last attempt to fulfill this extraordinarily difficult task," said schäuble.   "it's a life and death situation that's what it is.   it’s a little bit different for the sixers.   it's a little bit different than the ocean," she told metro morning.   "it's a little bit of a puzzling reaction.   "it's a little bit swollen right now, but the training staff will take care of that and we'll be all set."   it's all about kpc -- "keeping parents clueless."   it’s all summed up in his handling of the controversy of super bowl week — deflategate — a subject he has refused to talk about since saturday, when he held a news conference to deny wrongdoing and announce he was moving on.   it’s almost as if she’s always in the ‘on’ state, ready and open to anything.   "it's almost as if there's a devil sitting on the shoulder, saying, `kill!   it's almost like i spent all that time putting up with itunes for nothing.   it's a logical move given the aging show's ratings decline in an increasingly competitive entertainment landscape, said analyst brad adgate of horizon media.   it's a long way from a little brick rent house on second street in hope, arkansas to this stage where i'm running for president of the united states.   "it's a long way to go, but you've got to get in sometime and somehow, and it's nice to be back in."   it's a lot better than where i was."   it's a lot like the previous amazon app — you can order books and shoes and download music like before.   it's a lot of wins.   “it's a lot of work, a lot of time, but it is so worth it to see this,” said leonard.   “it’s a lovely pitch and stadium and a game for the lads to enjoy.”   it's already block-granted to the states, and comes with work requirements: half of a state’s beneficiary families must be working at least hours a week, and percent of the two-parent families must work at least hours a week.   "it's also about money."   it’s also a favored product for short-term speculators because the exchange allows participants to buy and sell the same contract in a single day.   it's also because people are misunderstanding clinton's position.   it's also expensive.   it's also great to see the enthusiasm of the program across our organization."   "it's also in the process of radically changing the way it runs itself into a more corporate structure with less of a direct say by its members."   it's also notable for its specifics, especially his warning that u.s. troops are likely to perish in the middle east as part of his approach.   it's also possible this was workplace-related," obama said after a meeting with his national security team.   it's also rooted in his political rivalry with the muslim brotherhood.   it's also the fourth whose producers seem embarrassed at the thought of making a fantastic four movie."   it's also the only five diamond hotel in orlando.   it’s also very much the way gordon remembered.   it's also wonderful, if very hard, to have such powerful feelings for someone who may not return them or who may not be in a place where returning them is even an option.   it's always a good idea to show that a particular investment is necessary in order for the company and its technology capabilities to grow.   "it's always been the same.   it’s always the same thing.   "it's always with me long after friends have left and people have gone, they are always here."   “it’s always wonderful when hard work pays off in a positive way.”   "it's a massive range," says goldin.   "it's amazing for me," he said.   ”it’s amazing to watch ty," rose said.   "it's amazing what can happen when you put the proper policies in place."   it's a mental exercise regime that cultivates positive traits such as self-awareness and compassion, and helps you better live in a universe characterized by impermanence and entropy.   its american depositary receipts tumbled . percent after the disclosure late wednesday as of : p.m. in extended trading in new york.   it's a metal rectangle with a lip that fits over the top of a classroom door and slides over the door's pivot hinge, preventing the door from opening.   "it's a miracle that the photos look the way they do.   it's a miserable cycle to be in. save your money and strive to get ahead.   it's a move that ratchets up the pressure on the country’s state banks, says dw columnist frank sieren.   “it’s an alternative way to bring research funding to the university, which we need,” lee said.   it's an attractive, clean design that also incorporates day, date, and remaining power displays in a classic, easy-to-read screen.   it’s an exciting change for me.   it's an extremely disturbing trend.   "it's an honor to be awarded the silver stevie award," said matthew singley, president of orion.   “it’s an incredibly arduous process to get here.   it's an intense curriculum.   it’s an irony that lies at the heart of a major international scientific effort to find something healthy in the cocoa bean, an effort largely sponsored by the chocolate industry.   "it's an ongoing discussion," lopez meyer said at an iata media event in geneva.   "it’s an opportunity to connect abercrombie & fitch with its heritage and move it up in demographic."   "it's another dream that we as women, especially in sports, have been very limited in what we can dream.   “it’s another setback for the project,” said matthew boyle, an industry consultant at cru group in sydney, who expects the mine’s start to be delayed to , from the company’s estimate of given last year.   "it's an out-of-sight, out-of-mind situation, i guess, until it's not available, and everybody's in a big furor about why they're paying through the nose for it," he says.   it's an unexpected and hostile decision which i can't pretend to understand," western australia greens senator scott ludlam said in august .   its appearance can transform according to your whim.   its approval marks a turnaround for the fda, which previously rejected the drug twice due to lackluster effectiveness and side effects.   its app similarly includes a platform for "our leaders," which elected officials and advocacy organizations can use for analytics and outreach.   it’s a problem, sawyer said, because the virus is so contagious.   "it's a recommendation," he said.   it's a reversal from when public policy polling asked the same question in december , before anyone was talking about air pressure and the ideal gas law.   "it's a safe way to prove to ourselves what we can live without and what we really need.   it’s a side-scrolling game, and one of the key conceits is that, as the main character — named yarnie — progresses, he leaves a trail of string behind him.   it's a simple fact: the swift's working with less horsepower under the hood.   it's a situation that already appears to be changing.   it’s a situation that's been building for some time.   it's a slow and painstaking procedure, but bailey said it can't be rushed.   "it's a special matchday," hertha president werner gegenbauer.   it's a sports program where participants have high performance training sessions woven into their school week.   it's a strange combination."   it's a tense time for opec, the oil cartel led by saudi arabia.   it’s a theory that forms the backbone of the macroeconomic models used by ms. yellen, her staff, and her academically accomplished vice chairman stanley fischer.   it's a tough fight.   it's a tradition that, until recently, few beyond the tight-knit rural communities of the trotus valley have witnessed.   "it's a tragedy for all of you — the defendants, your families, your friends."   it's a tragedy, to think about it."   "it's a two actor film and a love story between a heartbroken, french canadian woman who falls in love with an english canadian musician."   it's a vancouver-based company called pni digital media.   "it's a very interesting thought," he said.   "it's a very, very deadly and dangerous place to fish."   it’s a view we need to remember.   it's a vote of supreme confidence.   it saw same-store sales tumble .% in a year.   it says authorities are in contact with family members: we are in contact with family members and extend our deepest condolences to families and loved ones of the people on board.   "it says municipality of repulse bay and it has to be changed to municipality of naujaat.   it says none of the german soldiers training the kurds in the area kilometers ( miles) southwest of the city of irbil were hurt or in danger.   it says one armed suspect barricaded himself inside a building and a fire broke out during the arrest, without elaborating.   it says that he isn't granted permission for "enduring offensive ground combat operations," but "enduring" could mean anything — if you wanted, you could say that the next wave of operations won't last more than a few years, and that's not "enduring."   "it says that there is a 'father/other and a mother,'" she explained.   it says the meeting's purpose is to accept superintendent dennis albright's resignation and to appoint an interim superintendent.   it says two people were injured.   “it’s bacon or sex, those are the two things that drive the world, as far as i can tell,” christopher langdon, the marine biologist who grew the dulse, told me when i visited him at the hatfield marine science center, in newport, oregon.   it's basically about increasing the height allowed on this waterfront parcel, and opponents echo those who shot down the washington development in , because they reject allowing private development over a certain height on public, waterfront land.   its basic service costs $ a year, while one with features such as customer support cost $, a year.   "it's because of the situation here; it's a total debacle," said maria guerreiro, who huffed out of a caracas mcdonald's with her family when she found out they were serving only fries made of yuca, which is also known as cassava.   'it's become a family member' therese weczorek argues that she's the feline's rightful owner.   it's been a big week at google, to put it lightly.   "it's been a dream for a number of people for a number of years.   it’s been a good year so far for chef mario — not only because calgarians catch on quickly to well-made food, but because he recently appeared in the first episode of season of chopped canada, the popular culinary competition show.   "it's been a great experience and the county gave me a great opportunity which i surely appreciate and now it's time to use that experience elsewhere."   it's been a great experience of self-transformation.   it's been a long-held theory that those lower-cost funds perform better.   it's been a lot of speculation, and i think that's what led to my hurt feelings.   it's been a place to gather, and just a place to be."   "it's been a roller coaster," sam said.   it’s been a shift in the team's culture that has helped the players feel confident.   'it's been a steady erosion of the teaching days where kids are in the classroom and everyone knows it.'   “it’s been a very difficult period in our nation’s history,” he said, adding later, “we have a lot of work to do to address equality.”   it's been a while since i've been confident knowing where the golf ball would go, and so it was nice to swing freely out there today and have the result that i did," added the american, who won the most recent of her two lpga titles in .   it's been completely over-hauled.   "it's been so popular here, there's never been an idea to change it," the country's ruling prince, hans-adam ii, told me.   "it's been two years now, and i'm still in pain with the trauma," she said through an interpreter.   "it's been very good for me.   "its behavior threatens to set a new precedent whereby larger countries are free to intimidate smaller ones, and that provokes tensions, instability and can even lead to conflict."   its best and brightest prefer to emigrate to silicon valley, or sell their ideas on to us firms before they have a chance to establish themselves.   its black, spidery form is reminiscent of the shadow spacecraft from babylon , so it's good to see its white leds flickering to show that you're connected.   "it's bringing together business leaders from around the world, so i was really honoured to be selected to go to that.   its broadway run lasted six years.   "it's broke a couple family members apart and it's just been devastating.   its business model, epitomized by burrito chain chipotle, is based on high-quality ingredients and customization while ordering at the counter.   "it's by far one of the easiest ways to get more water at a reasonable price," anthony said.   it's called the thirty meter telescope, or tmt for short, because the primary mirror of the telescope is meters across.   its cast of memorable characters was probably the best part of it all.   it's centered about miles east of the leeward island, moving toward the west near mph.   it's cern in its own words, and those of others.   it's certainly not black lives matter or those people and community members and organizations who are working to do something about these two life and death issues.   “it’s certainly understandable and quite reasonable to be nervous,” he said.   its cloud computing services enjoyed especially high demand.   its collapse accelerated after obama took office, but the white house may not have been the main driver.   "it's coming from above," she told the newspaper.   it's coming to iphone, ipod touch and ipad on ios . later this month.   it's core customer base is small and medium-sized merchants.   it's deep, in good shape, still harvests water, and its many levels of "apartments make it such a fun place to explore."   "it's definitely a huge goal of mine," she said.   "it's definitely a risk and it's one you just have to take a leap on when you are ready."   "it's definitely bigger and it's a lot nicer," said dylan baxter.   it's definitely influenced by public opinion — americans support same-sex marriage to percent — but equally, if not more so, by the wealthy people and corporations that fund most online journalism.   "it's definitely nice to see him come to life."   "it's déjà vu all over again."   it's described as "perfect for quiet student or professional," reinforcing the idea that you are sharing someone else's home.   it's designed to span the eight-lane teeming ring-road, the peripherique, and is an attempt, mga says, to not only introduce a lower level of carbon footprint to the city, but also create a sustainable, vibrant new housing alternative.   it's difficult because the kurds forced the arabs to flee.   "it's difficult for me to understand that she's gone."   it's difficult for schools and hospitals and core infrastructure like housing and transport to cope."   it's difficult to definitely say that no prominent current heads of state have tattoos.   it's difficult to get a sense of how a new device works when you're being rushed through a demo in a crowded room and there's an impatient stranger breathing heavily in your ear.   “it’s difficult to know exactly where the flows are coming from.”   its director jamila alaywa turned to al mezan.   "it's due to the many years spent in prison, good behavior, declining state of health or family difficulties.   it's easier and cheaper to go down."   it's easier to put the autofocus spot on something taking up % of the frame versus putting it on something that takes up % of the frame.   it's easy to use, and the hacking alerts are particularly handy.   its economic growth is forecast to drop below percent a year from double digits in recent years — and commodity prices are tracking it lower.   "it seemed like everyone was more responsive to him and respected him."   it seemed like such a traitorous, suck-uppy thing to do.   it seemed that all of south metro atlanta held its breath as over law enforcement officers searched for her.   “it seemed to go on for ages and it’s just seeing the panic of everyone around you and seeing it on the parachute guys as well — the panic,” lucy milne told the bbc.   it seems like a good idea to soothe your liver with a loaf of bread, but once you're thoroughly stuffed, your body is back under attack.   it seems like a very simple step that wouldn't require a lot of effort," she said.   it seems like even if we did manage to run their internal funding dry, they're still managing to inspire supporters to spend their own money and act on the group's behalf.   "it seems like in the sands of the time, this is one of those old ways of doing things.   “it seems odd that justice thomas, as an african american, would be an opponent of marriage equality.   it seems really sketchy, only brushing your teeth once a day without any toothpaste, but the creators claim there's nanotechnology in the bristles, so we guess time (and cavities) will tell?   it seems that if the afd should be worried about cash flow problems, the other political parties in germany should be just as worried about the afd, who don't seem to be going away any time soon.   it seems to be a thing with them attacking small business.   it seems wales' - win over england is still taking its toll, three days on.   it seems we are also supposed to be relieved by the fact that hicks, who carried a gun to earlier confrontations with his neighbors, was not a religious fanatic.   it seems with each passing day and each life lost, our society becomes more impassive.   "it's either get my life right or death."   "it's emotional," preston said.   its engine allows programmers to shift games among different platforms, from pcs and mobile devices to microsoft's xbox one and virtual-reality headsets.   it serves some of the best empanadas in town.   it's essentially spoofing your number at the network level, so when you send a text to your partner from your lte-connected smartwatch, it doesn't come from a completely strange number, but from the same digits you've always used.   it set the stage for what turned out to be a thoroughgoing exploration of -- suits?   it's everything else.   "it's exciting for us, exciting for them, and i think we deserve it and they deserve it, as well."   "it's expensive to get a reliable striker who has experience," he said in an interview thursday.   it's far from clear that chaffetz will win enough support in the house's complex selection process.   it's filmed in an industrial warehouse known as 'the temple' on anderson street near the th street bridge in boyle heights, kpcc reports.   it's fine, yeah," she said.   its fire smartphone didn’t sell well and contributed to a $ million inventory writedown in the third quarter of last year.   its first launch was delayed for several hours while crews prepped equipment.   "it's generating not only clean, renewable energy, but it's also generating revenue for the college."   “it’s getting harder to ignore nature,” keith den hollander, the thirty-eight-year-old chairman of the christian coalition of michigan, told me.   "it's giving them a new possibility."   “it’s going to take something pretty good to get us over this hump.”   it's good to be in this position, to have a chance to play another match and get into the semifinals."   it's got very ineffective inspections mechanisms, it's got very inefficient oversight mechanisms.   "it's great for some guys in our team who are in the auction today, it's symbolic of the performances that guys have put up in the last little while.   "it's great technology, but be mindful if it's taking you to an unfamiliar location," said const.   "it's great to have the no. player in the world and maybe the greatest-ever female player," king said.   it’s great to see comcast working on this kind of high-speed broadband technology, although recent history has taught us to be cautious in our enthusiasm because pricing is always a major concern.   "it's guys like him who will determine how far we go," freeze said.   "it's hard because i don't know when that will be.   it’s harder to fix a robot than it is to fix a vending machine.”   it's hard for him to count how many times he's been arrested in the last decade.   it's hard for rains to believe a decade has passed since the disaster and he'll never forget how grateful the people seemed to have them there.   "it's hard to describe.   it's hard to say, but there will always be a sizable proportion of teens who have sex, albert said.   it's her second marriage; his fourth.   it's home to one of thailand's last wild dugong populations.   it should be noted that there are other ways to judge the validity of a signal, and sigma is not always the best metric to use.   "it should be stressed that the figures were not identified at any point during the incident as children," the report said.   "it should be understood that this is false.   it should come as no surprise that the top hotel in the world according to t+l readers, the oberoi udaivilas, is from the top hotel brand in the world.   it should go without saying, but let's let macias say it: "do make sure you get all licensed contractors and professionals.   it should, however, sensitize investigators to the possibility, and it should prompt a rigorous inquiry.   it should reach new york next summer.   it showcases more than , animals in their natural nighttime habitats.   it shows that one in six syrian refugee households is in poverty, with less than us$ per person per month to make ends meet.   "it's hurtful even just talking about it, the hurt is still there," bruyere said.   "it's important despite, or because of, this to work for a peaceful solution and not rest until the full sovereignty and territorial integrity of ukraine is restored, and of course this includes crimea," she said.   it's important not to get carried away and hijack the conversation.   it's important that prison hearings be conducted fairly, he said, because inmates have little autonomy behind bars and are subject to someone else's decision making.   “it’s important to highlight that this report is not a reflection of the college as a whole,” said david rew, interim president, red river college.   "it's important to me that that stuff is right.   "it's impossible to end encryption.   it's impossible to say exactly what led odom to dennis hof's love ranch in crystal, nevada, where employees said he was using cocaine and other drugs.   its intake hails from countries, with no more than % coming from any one country, to prevent a single nationality dominating.   it’s ironic that we don’t want to let the food on our plates “go to waste,” even if we’re full, but we regularly waste food by letting it rot in the refrigerator or go stale in the pantry.   it sits across from the unm campus and is decorated with more john wayne paintings that you ever knew existed.   it's just a big draft," said power, who won the road course race at indianapolis motor speedway to open the month.   it's just a hellhole there isn't it."   it's just business!"   "it's just crazy how the nfl works," he said.   "it's just something that's not needed and we weren't told about," he said.   it's just such a special feeling."   "it's kind of like you feel lost, because you don't know what to do and where you're getting things from," she said tuesday.   "its leaders must consider the consequences of uncontrolled migration - on wages, jobs and social cohesion of the destination nations; on the economies and societies of the rest; and on the lives and welfare of those who seek to come here," she said.   its leader zahran alloush said that damascus was now considered a "military zone" and a target for the rebels.   it's legal ‘cause they made it legal.   it’s like anything else though — many people will happily pay a little more money for a premium product that sets them apart from the crowd.   it's like a scene from "as good as it gets."   "it's like having anne come home," said peter williamson, executive producer on the project and partner at breakthrough entertainment.   "it's likely an infected traveler infected the local mosquito population, which led to this cluster," state epidemiologist dr. sarah park said last month.   it's likely a wiring issue is to blame.   it’s likely that, after kojima’s non-compete clause expires, in december, he will find a new studio and continue making lavishly produced games.   it's like the film operates at zero gravity -- it's nerdy if you want it to be, but there is nothing fussy or ornate to weigh it down.   its location is what actually makes the pedestrian bridge business confusing.   its market value is $ billion without paypal.   'it smells and needs investigating' gothenburg last hosted the world athletics championships in the bbc showed the emails to eriksson, who is also the former president of international police organisation interpol.   "it’s more about mentally being in the right place.   it’s more like the legion of gloom as the seahawks’ defense suffers a second straight second-half meltdown, this time at home against the panthers.   "it's more of a partnership program than an accelerator, actually, in that we are partnering with promising companies to help them scale up their technology.   it’s more than friendship -– it’s family."   "it's much like autopilot in a plane," he said.   its name reflects its goal: train and place , new stem (science, technology, engineering and math) teachers by .   "it's necessary, in order to exit this system of surveillance and immediately start the discussion on the debt issue.   it's never a good sign when characters and plot grow more mystifying as the show goes on.   it's never good when the fourth of july falls on a saturday, but overall revenue for the weekend was still up narrowly over last year, or by more than percent.   "it's nice to have a lot more players healthy, so our options and choices were a lot better," he added.   it’s nice to have that experience and that stability.”   it’s no coincidence, she said, that high school and university sports teams, often comprised of teenagers from different racial and economic backgrounds, tend to morph into tight cliques.   it's no guarantee, which is why isaacson pointed out that some people do everything right and still get the disease.   it's not a big deal, and there are a lot more important issues to deal with."   it’s not about popularity, it’s about the gargantuan achievements of functions vs form.   it's not about what they are watching/reading as much as what they are doing."   "it's not about your skill level," denny said.   it's not all about attacking players..   it's not always easy to combine buddhist beliefs with the demands of modern life buddhism has a long history in china but was repressed during the maoist era beijing (cnn)five years ago, beijinger robert zhao went on a trip to tibet.   it’s not always easy to do this.   it's not an emergency, but spacewalks are always a bit risky the transporter helps move equipment and the station's robotic arm (canadarm) along a -foot stretch of track at a speed of inch per second.   "it's not anybody's fault, it's body meets ink and what happens," she said.   "it's not as scary as you think it is."   it's not certain, but pcms is the clear favorite.   it's not clear what that would involve.   it's not clear whether it will consider punishment for any incidents during the cska-anzhi match.   "it's not easy to compose an image and then advance film manually while on a ride that's making you feel ill!"   it’s not easy to forecast what’s coming,” he said.   it's not enough just to have access to the terabytes of data available today; it's about the diversity of experiences that enable you to make those connections between the data.   "it's not entirely surprising.   it's not going to be ripping to the upside.   "it's not going to look pretty, but it's not a killer," cooper told the (farmington) daily times.   "it's nothing to be ashamed or embarrassed of," said the mother.   "it's not just a chess game," says thurber.   it's not just one play.   "it's not just people coming into hospital, it's across the board.   it's not like the band members didn't stay in touch.   it's not quite as easy for others.   "it's not really bad dogs, it's bad owners who breed bad traits in their dogs.   it’s not surprising, in that sense, that china’s actions over the past few days have seemed erratic, appearing to oscillate between a hands-off and a hands-on approach.   it's not that cartoons are trying to scare young viewers.   it's not the old rule-based prolog days, when people thought they'd *understand* what the actual decisions were in an ai."   “it’s not there yet.   "it's not the right moment to do it - even if steven spielberg wanted to film a big scene with police and a shoot-out in the streets in january, i'm sure it would not have got made," she said.   it's not transporting me anywhere; it's keeping me right where i am, mouth slightly agape and headphones firmly planted around my cranium.   it's not uncommon for young bears to wander through the wyoming towns of glenrock of casper, especially in subdivisions close to casper mountain.   it's not yet clear if shayanna will testify.   it's now an international program and more than , students have participated in it.   it's now more about what collaboration system you will use," he said.   it's no wonder washington is tied in knots trying to please the people.   it's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next years, and for decades to come.   its officials had called for the tournament to be delayed as concerns over the potential spread of the virus grew, and then declined to host it when that delay was not granted.   it's one of the most different challenges that we face..   it's one of those cities that everyone should see at least once in their lifetime.   it's one of those too-weird-to-be-true tales that's made even more bizarre by the fact that the stylish silver lake enclave of los angeles seems like the last place you might unearth guns and bones.   "it's one thing to have strong movies," contrino added.   it's one way -- albeit for a small, premium market -- in which the gulf oyster industry is attempting to rebound through techniques that leave less to chance.   "it's only in the last five or years that we have entered a stage where we can process enough information to make it viable.   it soon became apparent that i was not going to have time to do this, and that she intended on trying to hurt or kill me," the officer said in a statement tuesday.   its opera house, inaugurated in , is covered in scaffolding because large chunks of its mosaic facade have fallen off.   its original goal was to fight the regime of former iraqi president saddam hussein during the iran-iraq war in the s.   "it sort of gave them the green light to be a little more experimental."   it sounds easy, but actually it was hard and took time.   it's over," he said, crediting an outpouring of public reaction against preferential treatment for today's fcc outcome.   "it's painful to know what is being lost, and what we may not get back."   it's part of a broader context of the increased use of performance-based finances.   "it's part of short track to take chances, to be aggressive and to try and overtake, and i had the right intensity level last week.   it's part of the paradox of global warming, he said.   it's part of what makes us exceptional.   it's potentially what -year-old logan shaulis was thinking when he set up a fake dui checkpoint -- all the while intoxicated, according to police.   it's primarily designed for developers and hardware hackers who want to prototype iot appliances using the pi.   its product line-up and research and development innovation are among its strengths, changjiang securities (長江証券) said in a report earlier this month.   "it's proven to be successful so far and there won't be any secrets about how we go about it tomorrow."   it's real life, it's not a video on the internet.   “it’s really affecting people, they are getting worried,” said abu ibrahim al-raqqawi, a spokesman for raqqa is being slaughtered silently, a group of anonymous media activists who risk their lives to smuggle information out of the city.   it's really arrogant to try to export our moral values along with our products."   "it's really kind of amazing to see how video gaming over the last decade has just become more and more common, more and more popular."   it's really not my place to speak on that.   it's remarkable what these chefs can do with (seal).   its restructuring plan is also well on track, the us engineering giant has said.   "it's robbing from the poor to give to the rich," said weaver.   its rugged landscape and famous archery festival are the draw.   it's safe to allow lawns to go brown (dormant) in summer and then bring them back in winter, he said.   it’s safe to say that for feminists in their twenties—think “fourth wave” feminists—social media has put an expiration date on many of the old certainties.   “it’s scary,” she said.   "it's scorching sun and there are no facilities here even for children or sick people.   it's set to make landfall between san blas and punta san telmo later today, and when it does, nhc says it will be "potentially catastrophic" for the area.   "it's shaken me up so much we just wanted to get away.   its shares fell more than percent in morning trading.   it’s “shocking,” he added, “that we are not doing it as a routine part of the health care system.   its shrinking investment bank was failing to deliver the profits it once engendered and critics said jenkins had cut it back too far.   it's simple: bigger means more screen space for watching tv shows, reading emails and browsing the web, and more space for creating things too.   it's simply not real.   its slow and stingy response to the philippines' typhoon, initially giving less help than swedish furniture company ikea, contrasted heavily with the united states and others, and cost it political goodwill in the region.   “it’s small in china, and not that many people are involved.”   "it's smart to wait and see what the competitor medication looks like in terms of what the fda label is," dr troyen brennan, chief medical officer at cvs, told reuters, referring to the type of patients who should be given the drug.   "it's so absurd a statement that i don’t even wish to react to it," said asma jahangir, one of pakistan’s most prominent human rights lawyers.   "it's something that is deeply welcome in israel, and i think it's very good for cementing the peace that exists between egypt and israel," he said at a joint news conference with french foreign minister laurent fabius.   it's something that kennedy had done for nine years, but the school district told him he could no longer lead the prayer.   "it's something that we felt most privileged to be a part of," lesser said.   "it's something that we're going to keep pushing for, because there's that element of opening everybody's eyes to the issue," he said.   it's something which i've seen as a reality.   it’s so obvious, that when it comes to national finances, the “bankrupt greeks“ are simply not as disciplined as the germans.   "it's sort of just been a part of our lives, so when it's gone it will obviously be missed."   "it's so tough to see kids that can't afford to fix a bike, like a flat tire that they have so they're riding a bike that almost isn't safe," said joel braun, the program's outreach coordinator and a pastor.   "it's still an incredibly dangerous situation."   it's still special and i still guard that flag.   it’s still too early for california to sigh with relief.   its strong debut signals that not all of the tech 'unicorns' - venture-backed private companies worth $ billion or more - are overvalued.   its sudden re-emergence has been blamed on an anti-vaccination movement, whose supporters fear autism can be linked to vaccinations.   it stands on vatican hill in northwestern rome, italy west of the tiber river.   it stars dwayne "the rock" johnson as a retired football star trying to start a second career as a financial manager, goaded by his boss — played by rob corddry — to "monetize" his friendships.   "it started getting some momentum round about saturday morning, so i made a french version and put it up saturday night."   it started in and we were repeatedly told websites could not compete with print!   it started innocently enough.   "it's terrible what they're doing to people," pagan said.   "it's that important," he said.   it's that last part that's particularly compelling to me.   "it's that process - consolidation of memory - when associations happen.   it’s the chermoula that makes the dish.   it's the first ranking in the division i poll in missouri valley's history and its first national ranking since the - season.   it's the first salvo of what's expected to become a massive television ad campaign to back the former florida governor's presidential bid.   it's the first such trip in years, with both countries locked in a bitter naming dispute.   it's the franchise's second move as they came to oklahoma from detroit before the season.   "it's the growing part of snowboarding and skiing," he said in an interview.   it's the hard reality that jesus taught us, over , years ago.   it's the highest level since the end of the great recession and much of it is in energy companies.   "it's their duty" to try to change the law when they are worried about their benefactors, he told afp, adding that voluntary-sector activity had historically gone "hand-in-hand" with deeper democracy.   it's the lack of information and guidance for practitioners and parents.   it's the latest embodiment of the surge in the dollar as the u.s. recovery strengthens.   it's the latest tussle between drugmakers and companies that pay for their products.   it's the latter, which is billed per dog, that steiner objects to most.   "it's the lowest of the lowest people on earth that would prey on our elderly citizens," says phoenix police officer james holmes.   it's the only moment when the film seems to wander off the standard issue ripped-from-the-headlnes script.   it’s the perfect prompt to perk up your head and look around and realize the world isn’t a muddy frozen ice planet anymore.   "it's the recurring worries about what's going on overseas," said scott brown, chief economist at raymond james.   its the rich pretending they arent.   it's the role for a consummate listener and bridge-builder, who can manage through differences without fraying relationships.   "it's the same money, just not a dollar bill with a serial number on it, but a token that sits on this blockchain."   it’s the ultimate seattle sports bible.   it's the western conference finals.   its thirty-one graduates form a racially diverse group, and twenty-two of them are women.   it’s this apparent contradiction over her notoriety - both acknowledging her celebrity and denying it - that i ask maloney about when we speak a couple of weeks after our first conversation.   it still suffers from light leaks, but in many cases this just adds to the character of the photos.   "it's time for muslims to really stand up and really fight these groups and defeat them through faith and military too," said imam adbisalam adam, who is part of a community task force created this summer to stop the radicalization.   it's time for ubc to act," george hoberg, professor in forest resources management, said in a statement.   "it's time for waste in government to go.   it's time to act on climate change.   "it's time we admit the supreme court is not the supreme being," he said.   it's too bad we get stuck housing & paying for the sicko who dismembered him.   it stood for years outside a public housing project in the east london borough, one of britain's poorest areas.   it’s too little.   its top diplomat state councilor yang jiechi said after talks with the united states this week that freedom of navigation in the sea, through which $ trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year, was guaranteed.   it's to recognise that the real power and communicating about your company comes from the people who use your company products or services.   it's tough, because if you hit people over the head with it it becomes intrusive, and there are people who don't want or care about it.   "it's tough being a premier athlete as he is."   "it's tough, but there are no excuses," he said.   it's tough to simulate the game pitches, so i worked a lot in between.   "it's traditionally and will be for the foreseeable future an all-in enterprise to be a chief executive.   “it’s true,” she said.   "it's true that no concrete, practical result seenms to have come out of this meeting," said thanos dokos, the head of the athens think-tank eliamep, in an interview with dw.   it successfully got those rules tossed out nearly one year ago and many people assumed this meant isps would be free to charge companies more money to ensure the speedy delivery of their traffic.   it suggested youngsters were moving to "formal loans" instead, creating more problems than student loans.   it's unclear exactly how remediation of the site would be done and who would pay for it; the flames ownership group is not offering to cover any of that tab as part of its current proposal.   it's unclear how long it will take to seat a jury.   it's unclear if pizzarat and toronto's raccoon bandit will team up to become their own snack-stealing duo.   it's unclear what the administration will do to help control the costs of deductibles.   it's unclear when -- or even whether -- he will retake the test and carry on with his education.   it's unclear whether the higher fees would result in higher costs to consumers.   it's unknown who took this picture because all submissions are anonymous.   it’s up to a psychotherapist to use regression techniques to discover the truth, but his pendulum reveals much more than anyone would ever want to know.   it's up to employers and individuals to take the road map outlined in the study to try and create a world where gender inequity is something of the past.   “it’s up to the family in terms if whether they have the financial resources to pursue it,” conklin said.   it sure doesn't give me confidence.   “it’s usually a couple degrees of separation in your network to get to someone at the company or who knows someone there — that’s a great resource to ask questions,” says wolfe.   it's usually all about the top cities to live in when the economist intelligence unit (eiu) publishes its annual livability ranking -- but this year the picture is rather more gloomy.   its valuation earlier this month reached $ billion, up from $ billion in late , making it the fourth-highest-valued, venture-backed private tech company in the world.   it's very different.   it's very difficult to describe, but it is the sense almost that the emperor has no clothes.   "it's very disheartening to see generation after generation go through this," hegwood said.   it's very likely that many more people were actually infected with the virus and simply did not exhibit symptoms last year, according to day.   "it's very premature to speculate on that for us it's all about trying to close the deal," he says.   "it's very satisfying," thompson said afterwards.   "it's very small and intimate," franklin says.   "it's very special, the chemistry that we have," hilton said.   it's very widely known, which surprised me.   its walking community of victorian homes, cafes and shops is tucked amid lush gardens, with the open-air amphitheater, a rustic roofed bowl, serving as the primary gathering place.   it's warmer-in-alaska kind of cold in fairfax, virginia, the temperature thursday morning will be - degrees f. in anchorage, alaska?   it's what people of color have been telling us for years and we just..   "it's what voters learn and share in these conversations that routinely motivates political action.   it's why so many tune into the highly-rated shows he hosts for the bravo network.   “it’s why we can’t have nice things in alberta,” he said.   "it's with a smile.   it's worth an estimated $ million a year for the film industry, and $ million for the digital media.   it's worth noting that most point of sale terminals are about to be upgraded and will take nfc too.   it takes years for the dow to regain its september high of points. - dow jones becomes incorporated and the comma in the name is dropped.   it takes a look at growing inequali..   it takes a moment, though, to register what’s “wrong” with them.   it takes an expert, sometimes two, to fly a drone and steer the camera to capture artistic shots at the same time.   it takes forethought to hide drugs in your foreskin.   it takes on the chicago bull’s iconic logo and reimagines it as a cubist artwork.   it takes place at veteran's memorial park from : p.m. to : p.m. police hope people will come and enjoy the free event and hopefully leave with a few new police friends.   “it tells them that this is the only real islamic state in the world and that they can become important figures in it.”   it then rallied," adrian ash, the head of research at online bullion trader bullionvault, said in a note this week dissecting the data.   it took months for the organ procurement organization, lifegift, to find the right donor, who provided all organs for boysen and was not identified.   it took a month to negotiate the line-up of the new cabinet, in which ennahda will lead the employment ministry and hold three other junior ministerial posts.   it took him months and months of tireless effort to become proficient at daily tasks.   "it took me a couple of days to get over it."   it took more than hours for the city to send out the updated advisory.   it took more than years and three artists to complete the carving feet deep into the side of the solid granite mountain as money ran out or world wars sidelined work.   it took oregon's tony washington just a matter of seconds to scoop up the loose ball and rumble yards for a touchdown that stretched his team's lead to -.   "it took over a year and a half to clear my name with the irs," richardson said.   "it took six months to remember that playing the guitar is where i started and where i'm natural."   it took the country that cares the least about football to bring down the people who have been ruining it."   it took them between - minutes to get here," she said.   it took the popularity of gareth edwards' "godzilla," which higuchi praised as a masterpiece, to get the japanese film industry back on board, to renew the series.   it took thomass awhile to get used to the bulldog snort.   it tugs at people's desire to be fit, attractive athletes themselves, and the product becomes appealing as a result," says chad reid, a communications graduate student and the director of communications for a software firm in oakland, california.   "it turned into a marketing monster that ended up eating itself.   it turned out to be toronto’s leaky defense that provided it.   it turns out, after first calling on al-qaida sympathizers to join the fight against un peacekeepers in darfur, bin laden pulled back.   it turns out kids are more influenced by actions than our words.   it urged greece to quickly improve its reform proposals and seek parliamentary support for a fund to sell billion euros in financial instruments to reduce the debt burden.   it used to be that open-source vendors would talk about the risk enterprises faced by buying into proprietary software.   it uses a mix of data science and machine learning technology to improve sales effectiveness, as well as to deliver the right content at the right time.   "it was a bad outing.   it was about percent contained after forcing the evacuation of some campgrounds, officials said.   “it was about playing steady,” watson said.   it was about that wide, and he was about that powerful of a being.   it was absolutely surreal flying alongside the biggest aircraft there is."   it was accompanied by an image of the flag with a black x drawn over it.   it was accompanied by the word, "look."   it was after hearing those details of fenton's testimony that lawyers for three complainants decided they needed to call on blair and former deputy chief tony warr to test fenton's statements.   it was a great night for all, and one can expect that this event will take place next year for the third straight year.   "it was a great performance and sadly it’s going to be chalked off the record books."   "it was a hard decision but it was also the best decision i had ever made," mrs. avalos said.   "it was a horrible scene," said detective geoff stone, while interviewing rios soon after the crime.   it was a large funeral procession; all of ramallah was at a standstill until in the afternoon.   it was all right after i started getting the pace right."   it was almost four decades later when he published them in taylor camp, along with recent interviews of the now-former residents.   “it was a long day, if we didn’t attack, we would have finished in the dark,” boom said.   "it was a long, well- thought out decision our family made."   it was also a big week for wind power as the united states' first offshore wind farm finally broke ground off the coast of rhode island.   it was also televised on egypt's state broadcaster.   "it was always my intention to go back to the true bond, which is to say, the bond that fleming created," he said in an interview with the bbc in may.   "it was a massive explosion, really something.   it was a message heard across the nation in more protests for other black americans who died by police hands.   "it was an accident and poor judgment," said tom brandt, a spokesman for jenkins.   "it was an amazing location, and the canadian museum for human rights was supposed to open soon after we did, so it just seemed to make sense," he said.   it was an efficient inning, and at pitches, degrom is almost certain to pitch into the th.   it was a nerve-wracking audition.   it was an evening filled with live fire, flame, smoke and meat.   it was an inukshuk.   it was a part of the courage canada hockey for the blind program, which runs "learn to skate" workshops across the country from victoria, b.c., to st. john's.   it was a passerby around a.m. who first saw the fire that destroyed l & j lounge just north of havana on highway . it appeared to responding deputies that the fire started in the northern part of the building, which was a total loss of $,.   it was apparent to me that no one cared.   it was april when the dean of arts and science at bishop's university travelled to syria for the first time.   “it was a really good day of wrestling for us,” he said.   "it was a really special moment," said fils-aime.   "it was as if she came into the story with the plot already lined up, and she was just looking for that killer anecdote to fill in the gaps," vaidhyanathan said.   “it was a situation where i hadn’t seen him all summer, and i don’t know if he got cold feet because it’s football and it’s new to him, but he came out to the first game and saw what transpired.   it was a small difference, but we got a slightly bigger refund for it.   it was a sound play."   it was a symbolic, significant appearance because lewis signed houston's first two black basketball players and some of the first in the region in hayes and chaney in , when programs were just starting to integrate.   "it was a terrorist act," said zubko, immediately dismissing all insinuations about fighter jets which “attacked” a malaysian airplane or a tip-off of the air traffic controllers.   it was a typical interaction between a parent and a teenage child.   it was a wet day.   it was believed to be the first successful prolonged attack on german government websites, which intelligence agencies say face about , such assaults daily.   it was blissful.   it was bright red, with a white seat and wheels and a lovely streamlined shape.   it was called tvii, and it even got its own dedicated button on the wii u gamepad.   it was circulated to the elected members wednesday night, and the full council discussed it for the first time at a closed council meeting later friday.   it was closed to commuters when heavy equipment came onto the scene to remove the rocks.   "it was correct in view of the size of the problem," said gerda hasselfeldt, who leads csu parliamentarians in the federal bundestag parliament.   it was dancing in the streets.'   it was december , , and ken, a sophomore at brown university, was at home, in philadelphia, on winter break.   "it was definitely a national holiday in our house when we heard that jim harbaugh was going to be the next coach," said david spitzley, who made the -hour drive from denver to salt lake city with his wife and three young daughters.   it was discovered in ueken, in the northern canton of aargau, and it took months of discreet excavations to unearth the find.   it was during the trial that investigators learned that the victim had received a broken nose and two black eyes from heath.   "it was embarrassing," said murray.   it was especially bad news for stampeders fan tim mcmullen, who before the loss, had earned himself , bottles of beer.   it was essentially a floating museum," she said.   it was even argued that minorities were suppressing the racial majority.   it was evicted in but had not vacated the hanger.   it was expensed, and paid out, under ann gray's meal allowance.   "it was final october ." mcentire and blackstock announced their split in august.   it was first registered for use in the united states in and has long been considered safe by u.s. and many foreign regulatory bodies.   it was first used as an airfield in and is to be completely overhauled by .   it was front-line nurses who determined his oxygen level was low, bright baidoo says.   it was fun for the two minutes it lasted.   "it was hard, depressing, bad and thrilling all at the same time.   it was "hardly an acceptable form of greeting," bailey wrote.   it was his th goal this term. messi and ronaldo: goals, goals and more goals photos april , – lionel messi scores barcelona's opening goal of the - draw at sevilla.   "it was his decision.   it was his first title since success at the same event on the southern boundary of the kruger national park in .   it was his fourth win in his last seven starts on the european tour.   it was his second two-run home run of the game and second career major league home run.   "it was in a thicket of brush right off the slough," he added.   it was in china.   it was initially spotted at : a.m. people watched from their back porches as the animal hopped fences, and police blocked off streets to allow wardens to track the animal.   it was, in part, an acknowledgment that the issue has lessened americans' views of clinton's trustworthiness -- and comes as chatter surrounding potential alternatives, including vice president joe biden, heats up.   it was in surprisingly good condition with the words prudhoe working men’s social club on top and h. lynch for his services to his country in the great war – engraved on the bottom.   it was in the aftermath of that game that wilson asked legendary qb terry bradshaw, left, for some advice.   it was in the process of thinking about how to get them to pay attention that something hit me..   it was just a gut feeling that it was time to put him in. there was nothing scientific involved.   "it was just a waiting game," a relieved dennis said.   it was just before the republican national convention in nearby tampa. photos: donald trump's empire trump appears on stage with nick jonas and giuliana rancic during the miss usa pageant.   it was just past dawn, the mountains still black, the pasture streaked with gray light.   it was just really, really loud music, but it certainly got everyone's attention.   "it was just shock," said zaro.   “it was kind of a tough day.   “it was kind of weird that there wasn’t snow until now,” lovely said.   it was last monday just after midnight.   it was later discovered that ninja was shot three times.   it was like a wedding.   it was like the brooklyn bridge, a welcome triumph of creativity and engineering.   it was like watching a teenager playing his favorite sport, unable to contain his excitement and growing in belief with every point.   it was more a function that we were so early on with obama, we had already pitched out tent at that point."   "it was more like, 'how about this idea?'   'it was my biggest dream, but i never thought it would be possible.'   it was named after the battle of midway, when u.s. forces held back a japanese attempt to take the pacific atoll in .   it was not a path mr. silver originally envisioned.   "it was not a supplements program but an injection regime and the players and the fans were so poorly let down by the club.   it was not clear to what extent these rallies were spontaneous, but analysts said there has been a clear shift in public opinion that left abdullah in a better position than just a few days ago.   it was not clear what type of shark it was or whether it was the same shark as attacked the dolphin.   it was not immediately possible to verify the taliban claim and the northern region where the chopper came down, gilgit-baltistan, is not known as a stronghold of the militant organisation.   it was not made clear whether stanley scott is also related to shawn and akein scott.   it wasn’t a bad phone by any stretch of the imagination, but it was hardly the exciting new galaxy smartphone consumers were hoping for.   “it wasn’t a no-brainer, i wouldn’t say that, but it was undeniably powerful,” he said.   "it wasn't a very popular decision, but we did it anyway."   it wasn't clear why the coroner's office waited months to take possession of the remains.   it wasn't easy at first, but now they're proud to be heard," ndoki said.   it wasn't immediately clear how the truck cab became stuck in such a precarious position.   it wasn't immediately clear what car that man was riding in. lyon says the truck driver was cited for disobeying a traffic control device and driving too fast for conditions.   “it wasn’t just oil, commodities as an asset class got crushed.   it wasn't long before he started making his own improvements.   it wasn't long before his kickstarter page had surpassed his fundraising goal by $, and been viewed by millions online. . breathing forest floor trees 'breathe' under forest floor: who could forget this magical video?   it wasn't that academy voters didn't love the movie though: "in the heat of the night" won best picture as well as best actor for poitier's co-star, rod steiger, here holding his oscar at the ceremony.   it wasn't until : a.m. that prestia told the workers, in english, to exit the trench.   it wasn't until december that the new democratic government signed a deal with the project management firm mhpm project managers inc. and with design consultants lengkeek vessel engineering inc. to rebuild the schooner.   "it wasn't until seven days after that protest that the lowndes county sheriff's department released the investigative file of the teen's death," king said.   it was obvious from its construction speed just how important the new site in bavaria was to the americans.   it was one of my first big events.   it was on track to become the world's most expensive, with costs expected to reach a $-billion (. billion-euro) price tag.   it was, overall, seconds - broken in three parts.   "it was palm sunday and in the spirit of christian reconciliation grant ordered that no celebration occur within union army ranks."   "it was peaceful, but they were blocking the bridge and were arrested," said officer damian cistaro.   "it was powerful," dayton coach archie miller said of the support.   "it was pretty heart wrenching.   it was probably all she’d had in her purse at the time—all she ever seemed to have in her purse.   it was probably on a radio station, and middle school students listen to that crap anyways, not like the music influenced the fight!   it was question after question after question about the mysteries of management and the business side.   "it was really loud.   "it was really, really intense.   it was she who chose the name maryam, the name of her dead daughter.   it was so bright.'   it was so sweet."   it was standing room only inside, with entertainment that included a wide variety of singers, musicians and dancers.   it was surprising and it was horrible for me.   it was tabled for one week to examine some of the wording in the petition.   it was taken two years ago by our friend.   "it was that back-to-back conversation with her that i felt was going so smoothly that i felt comfortable enough to lean over and get her."   it was the first game brees has missed because of injury since joining the saints in .   it was the first of two similar incidents, said tarshis, who is now a journalist and publicist.   it was the first time i felt the inkling that maybe i didn't belong.   it was the first time republicans controlled both chambers in more than years, and it was fueled largely by the koch-allied pope foundation.   it was the kings’ final season opener at sleep train arena before moving to their new downtown home next season.   it was the meal the red arches of salisbury house restaurants have become an iconic symbol in winnipeg since they began serving their nips in .   it was the mobile division’s fifth consecutive quarter of decline, in contrast to apple’s record-breaking . million iphone sales in the three months to dec. last year on the back of the success of its big-screen iphone and plus.   it was the one chance in his illustrious career to compete in front of a canadian crowd, and it was where he made some of his fondest sports memories — the type canada's top athletes will be compiling at the pan american games.   “it was the one we just got tired of the most," says frank spadafora of farrah fawcett's late s 'do.   it was the second such operation in a matter of days, after migrants were rescued on thursday in the same area under similar circumstances.   it was the third consecutive double-digit loss for the pelicans, who were playing their home opener at the smoothie king arena.   it was the third such incident in recent weeks.   it was the winner of the olivier award for best new play.   it was translated into english and edited for a global audience.   it was unclear whether the cps documents were referring to the boy charged with killing his mother or another child.   it was unclear whether the two men who were sentenced to life in prison actually participated in the attack.   it was unclear who was trying to disrupt the voting, though people in the crowd blamed martelly supporters.   "it was very clear from charley and me that we wanted to see the putt (taken)," added pettersen, a veteran of eight solheim cup campaigns.   it was very gradual, appropriately so probably for the country, but i discussed that issue with him several times and he was a strong believer.   "it was very hard in macedonia," she said.   "it was very inspiring.   it was very monotonous at times.   it was very obvious," the family said in a statement, according to nbc.   it was very wild.   it was walker's nd career game with -or-more points.   it was while walking on a trail in raleigh, north carolina, where she lived before moving to kansas.   it was wild, that’s for sure.   "it was with a heavy heart," she told cbc news.   it was written in august following a meeting with the organisation on june and said: "the ccg has made good headway in redesigning community services and hopes to award a contract later this year.”   it went down to , square miles in february after the major disintegration, and a month later larsen b was down to , square miles.   "it will allow officers, who use a large proportion of their time travelling across the city to and from appointments, more time to patrol their neighbourhoods."   it will also substantially complicate efforts aimed at screening out and returning those likely to pose a threat to law and order and social cohesion.   "it will be a business, run by businesspeople for the people of newfoundland and labrador," davis said in a release.   it will be a little while before i can wink again without the reflex thought, "did karen choreograph this?"   “it will be an addition to the viewing experience, but it also has great value as a data visualization tool” for research or other purposes, kell said.   it will be at least another two years before nigeria can be officially certified polio free.   "it will be carefully considered," schaefer said of any change in policy for the western balkans.   "it will be easier for you," another woman whispers to her.   "it will be forever etched in my memory."   it will be held at p.m. at the oodena celebration circle at the forks.   it will be impossible this holiday season."   it will be interesting to see what effect higher per capita incomes in china will have on its role in the world.   it will be open from a.m. to p.m. monday to saturday until further notice.   it will be phased in starting in for employers with or more workers and no workplace pension.   "it will be such a shame that this agreement is not concluded in the next few days, weeks."   it will be the first election without the prime minister’s hugely influential father, independence leader lee kuan yew, who died in march.   it will be up to the l.a. county district attorney's office to determine if criminal charges will be filed, ktla reports.   it will burn through electrical lines and air conditioning ducts to reach the ground.   it will come to stevenage from another lab, sealed and in a bio-bag, ready for insertion into the completed rover.   it will create work for around , contractors for a period of between eight and ten weeks.   it will get pirated and cracked if ms doesn’t give in. you sound like the type that if something is free its not good enough for you. people like you enable companies to make and keep sub prices going. piracy will only raise from these types of “service”.   it will go on an international tour beginning next month, being displayed at christie's locations in hong kong, new york and london before going under the hammer.   it will include paintings and some of the drawings the artists made in preparation for the works.   it will make the task in syria even harder than it is in iraq.   it will no doubt hope to monetise the effort in time.   it will provide gamers trailers and live streams from game conventions and e-sports events.   it will strengthen the position of his hardline rivals."   “it will take quite a while for this area to recover.”   it will tell a new story, which is the result of a collaboration between writer jack thorne, director john tiffany and myself.   it will work almost anywhere on the body and the sensors continuously adapt to learn about your body and the specific pain.   it won't destroy the industry," jaffe says.   “it wont just be oil rigs, but all facets of production.”   "it worked just as we planned," said jpl engineer louise jandura in a nasa press release.   it works across a range of issues including: health, water, agriculture, anticorruption, land rights and education.   it would also fund the creation of a nonprofit organization to develop a set of voluntary standards for isaos.   it would also include some of the same features as the current beats service, such as cloud streaming, curated song playlists, and a $/year price tag.   it would also prohibit the federal government from discriminating against individuals and organizations because of their beliefs about marriage.   it would be like sleep without dreams."   it would be one thing if the hawks simply led the league in rushing yards, but the fact that they led in yards per carry suggests that opponents were perpetually perplexed.   “it would be wrong now, years after your release and subsequent to the commission of these offences, to send you, in poor health, back to prison,” said judge statman.   it would cost $. million to completely build out the system for the west coast, with annual operating costs estimated at $. million, officials said.   "it would depend wholly on whether a physician wants to learn about it and take the time to practice it and whether there's availability to deal with any complications that might arise," said cyril moyse, the college's registrar.   it would effectively mark the end of the caliphate proclaimed by islamic state in adjacent sunni areas of iraq and syria, iraq's finance minister hoshiyar zebari told reuters in an interview.   “it would have been laughable except it’s so serious,” blumenthal said.   it would have directed that troops be withdrawn within days of passage, or by the end of the year, if congress fails to authorize the fight against islamic state militants.   it would include a -degree infrared transmitter and an accompanying app that would let you store as many remotes as you want in order to control everything in any given room.   it would increase statewide renewable electricity use to percent, have drivers use half as much gasoline and make buildings twice as energy-efficient as they are now.   it would not comment on individual employees.   it would not have counted had it gone in, as payne was ruled off-side.   it would seem to me the fed is moving to tighten," said jack ablin, chief investment officer at bmo private bank.   it would still need to be passed by parliament before it becomes law, bringing germany in line with a u.n. security council resolution.   it would take about one quarter for customers to adjust their inventory, paving the way for a recovery in the first quarter of next year, hsu said.   it would take several more years before the chief surrendered to the u.s. even then, he did so begrudgingly, saying, "i wish it to be remembered that i was the last man of my tribe to surrender my rifle."   it would tell them about how black holes grow over their lifetimes, and provide new insights into the strange physics that takes place near the edge of these extreme gravity wells.   i understand anxieties about losing jobs and ringing up college debt.   "i understand that the board directs the gallery and its operations and an executive director or curator, appointed by the board, works to achieve the aims of the gallery and manage day-to-day operations," said deputy premier deb matthews in a statement.   i understand that the young girls wasn't in a crosswalk.   i used to do weights in my dressing room.   "i used to love writing poems.   i use yoga, dance, nutrition and breathing to help manage my symptoms.   ivanovic headed in on minutes after gary cahill had helped the ball into his path to give chelsea the lead from their first and only real chance of the evening at the parc des princes.   “i’ve always felt like there is nothing i can do,” she said, about school shootings.   i've been carrying the aukey quick charger battery pack for about a month and took it on several trips, while also carrying it during my daily commute.   i've been completely outmanoeuvered by the israelis.   i've been getting more brazen with flirting, but i don't think men realize that i'm flirting.   i've been lucky to have been inspired by terrific people - both men and women - throughout my personal and professional lives.   i've been ready to play for a long time," said the -year-old brazilian.   i've been stuck in limbo for two years," she said.   i’ve been up all night.   "i've been working day shifts, i've been working overnights on the picket line.   i've been working with the u.s. state department and un to get all the necessary passports and permits in place to be able to do this.   i've done more diets than i care to rattle off.   'i've found a genius' – "boss, i think i've found you a genius."   i’ve found that i can deal with these comments only by following the adage, “love your enemy.”   "i've got happy feet," said the man who says dancing, or prancing is part of him.   “i’ve got the speed the jumps, the power, the body, the seduction, the sex appeal, the strength, the leadership and yet the calm to weather the storm.   i've got to try to find ways of communicating with everybody.   i've had times in recent years where i did not fit into seats in sports arenas.   i've heard it referred to as the "north star" for climate negotiations.   i've let down so many people around me, which is not something i'm used to.   i've never been more pleased to be a vegetarian.   "i've never bought it before, it's not quite my political stripes, but it's important for me to buy it today and support freedom of expression," said david sullo, standing at the end of a queue of two dozen people at a kiosk in central paris.   "i've never seen a candidate base his campaign on vilifying a minority group.   i’ve never seen anything like that."   "i've never seen this woman in my life," hayatou was quoted as saying.   i’ve personally argued that a sequel was deserved, if for no other reason than the fact it’s now at least an existing brand with more visibility than other properties that haven’t had any shot at a film.   i’ve seen the hopeful faces of young graduates from new york to california; and our newest officers at west point, annapolis, colorado springs and new london.   i’ve spent the past month or two on a sort of casual quest to try to move into this weird and woolly future of computing — the kind with a touchscreen and mobile-style apps and new form factors.   i've talked about donald trump for the standpoint of being an individual who was using his celebrity rather than his conservatism," former texas gov. rick perry said.   "i've waited years for the technology to catch up."   i view it as murder!   i waited until i was alone and put on the movie, and when that dear old face appeared, i whispered, "hi, grampy."   iwakuma, who has been with the mariners since , signed a new one-year contract with the team for the season.   "i want democrats to vote for me, but i want sensible republicans to vote for me, too," clinton said.   i wanted to find out who had killed chris.   "i wanted to get back out here."   i wanted to speak to them about their years of marriage and their upcoming u.s. tour.   "i want every subsequent iteration of myself to be accountable to every present iteration of myself," he said.   "i want (other teenagers) to see that hard work pays off, and that they can make this change in their lives as i did," he said.   "i want people to be inspired to get tested..   "i want the chiefs to take a stand for what is right."   i want them to feel good."   "i want this fight to actually happen.   i want to be just like my dad when i grow up."   i want to explain why this is false.   "i want to express my deepest gratitude to stevie for all his help, but i think it's time for a change," woods said.   i want to go home now.   "i want to lead our city in this next chapter and in doing so, i'll focus on what must be our top three priorities: crime, jobs and education," brewer said.   “i want to make that change, show people the new steven,” assanti said.   "i want to study in germany," he told dw.   "i want to tell them that, this morning, paris is mourning."   “i want to thank the prime minister for his friendship and support when i have needed it most,” moore said.   "i want to thank uganda for its generosity in welcoming refugees."   "i want what is best for joshua and his family, also what is best for gomes's family.   i want you to know i love you."   "i was % sure i would win the gold medal and return in bulgaria as a champion," todorov says.   i was years old, fat, and confident enough to tell the adult in charge of this high-ropes challenge (forced upon me by an evil camp director), "i'm not going to climb that."   i was able to save up enough money to build a second burger king.   i was able to understand but i couldn't agree..   i was acting instinctively.   “i was a private gynecologist in a small town in maharashtra in india for more than years,” he told reuters health.   i was critical of sanchez when they bought him from barcelona in the summer and said he was inconsistent.   i was especially intrigued by the size of the -inch by -inch posts mark assured were necessary and commented that this outhouse was not for the use of elephants.   i was going in debt, borrowing just to keep going, but now we are running to the limit.   “i was going through some things,” johnson said matter of factly.   "i was happy, because i never seen it that high up from a plane," she recalls.   "i was happy with the way we fought back, but it just came down to it that we couldn't get stops on the defensive end," meyers said.   "i was hoping that i was going to go home that day," odom, recalling his trial in washington, d.c., said in an interview.   "i was in the senate at the same time," clinton countered after sanders explained his position.   i was just a chatterbox and i confided in my makeup artist, 'dude, i'm on fucking coke right now.   "i was just blown away by the scale of the piece and the beauty of the music," he says, "and really also the intellectual scale, because it really asked sort of the two most important questions that art asks, which is how do we end and how do we begin?"   i was just hoping his batteries would last and they did," he added.   "i was just kind of hanging out with my mom and we thought it would be a cool thing to do," she said.   i was just like, okay, now is my time to have this interview on my own terms.   "i was just losing matches and didn't know why.   i was legitimately terrified," said laychuk.   "i was like, 'get in the game again.   "i was looking at images i had shot with my 'do-everything' dslr and it got me thinking back to the early days of photography," he says.   "i was looking for one spot on the - pitch and i didn't get it."   "i was lying in bed for a while, on crutches," podladtchikov said.   i was mortified by this, horrified.   i was moved by the testimony of edna king who shared with me the joy of her daughter mary evelyn.   i was no fan of the ugly, blank cards that populated ios 's app switcher, and apple clearly wasn't either as they've been fixed (even if it sometimes takes a second for them to update).   i wasn't assured in any way that this was fixable in a sense that they are able to change these vehicles so that they still have high performance, meet the emission controls and meet the miles-per-gallon standards.   i wasn't just committing to emily; i was committing to a different life, a life rooted in connection and partnership.   "i wasn't trying to hurt him, i was just trying to stop him from dunking the ball.   "i was out to lunch last year," said larson, who was admittedly nervous about making mistakes before his rolex debut and then made several in his first stint.   i was pretty happy with the way we played.”   i was riffling them one-handed like a deck of cards when a woman appeared next to me and offered a comforting pat on my shoulder.   "i was rudely shocked when the first tear-gas canister was lobbed into the midst of a group of them.   "i was some miles away when i heard the fishermen calling for help when a chinese ship used water cannon on them," michael lanog, , from the coastal village of masinloc, told reuters.   "i was so terrified.   i was surprised to find that i did that quite easily.”   i was taught the only four chords i know by a friend.   i was teased for having short nappy hair, which really weighed on my self-esteem.   i was terrified i would pick the wrong classes and end up wasting my time.   "i was the best new artist this year."   i was there on june , and there was definitely construction in that area.   "i was the team leader, and i had the responsibility (to test the drug myself)," she said.   "i was thinking of loretta and a number of other family members that i've gotten to know in the past two years now because of what happened to loretta.   i was tipped off by james wood’s review, and i read “my brilliant friend,” which was an utter thrill.   "i was trying to get it out of my pocket," he said.   "i was trying to put in reverse to get out and it died off and the water started rising immediately," he told the weather channel.   i was very impressed by such a big car.   i was very upset when a guy near me started to record video of you, making fun of your style.   i was walking in the wrong direction down wembley way.   i was wearing a white t-shirt that wasn't mine, and he was in a white robe."   "i was with three friends, a guy and two girls, having dinner at a sicilian restaurant; we were talking about work and holiday plans when my phone vibrated in my pocket.   i was wrong - cabbies, exhaustively trained to drive safer wheelchair friendly £, vehicles, need protection and deserve all the breaks they can possibly get.   "i watched the world trade center go down," trump asserted, adding he watched in new jersey, "as thousands of people were cheering as the building was coming down."   i went in , and then also hurricane katrina with vancouver's urban search and rescue."   i went there about years ago and fell in love.   i went there to talk to one of the plaintiffs from the michigan lawsuit, whom i am calling max.   i went to games last year and there's just nothing.   i went with my friend mandee castle.   "i will be asking for help from the outside, an organization may come into our community, where they can rescue some pets, or do with them as they will need to do," she said.   'i will be disappointed if i have to miss this season, but i want to look at all the options, including getting a second opinion, before i make a final decision.'   i will be grateful if you continue this in the future.   "i will have work for a long time to come," konstantin said.   i will live my life and i will not allow epilepsy to prevent me from living life to the fullest.   "i will make a decision very, very shortly," he told cnn's jeff zeleny at his first event of the day.   i will; most people will."   i will never buy gm again.   i will never forget the words of my grandmother - as i was leaving home to move to new york city - that ring in my ears today: "be nice to people."   i will not put any wagers down as to her guilt or innocence.   "i will not sign a document that puts one dollar of taxpayers' money on the line for one penny of overruns on the olympics," he said.   "i will not sit back and let these criminals and cyber terrorists attack our businesses, intrude into our private lives and destroy trust in our digital economy and society," he said.   "i will not vote this time," said mikael, a taxi driver, who declined to give his last name for fear of government reprisals, adding that the eprdf did "not play a fair game".   "i will say this, i was confused and i was sitting there," patlan said.   i will simply say that i am in great pain, have experienced a significant injury and that the injury was caused by the police.”   i will smile for edison.   "i will suggest going back on this because it's an element of complexity," he added.   i will try not to go too much into the dinnr specifics.   i wish i could slap you right now.   "i wish i could turn back the hands of time, to try to make a difference, to try to change things, but i can't."   i wish i wrote the k'naan song waving flag.   “i wish that they would have this kind of festival every day,” mr. gonzales said.   i wish them godspeed in cleaning it up and containing it."   "i wish we could have won it here," david wright said, "but clayton kershaw was just a beast tonight."   i witnessed the porto fans during the champions league final against monaco," said neuer.   "i woke up this morning and said a prayer, thanking god to be in this situation because a year ago today i was a little lost in the league.   "i woke up this morning and spoke to more family and friends, cried a little bit," he said.   i wonder how many lives, just like my mother's, the u.s. government is needlessly and cruelly damaging today for its ill-advised "family detention" program.   i would also, know, that there’s been so much and i would like to thank joi bourne of st francis and monseigneur craig harrison who allowed that, because she provided us some times and times to get some questions out.   i would be investing very heavily in data integration technology, especially in the integration with upstream systems.   “i would be lying if i say i feel that i am ready to win.”   "i would consider upgrading to a more powerful home battery if they could figure out a way to get me totally off the grid."   i would guess the same thought applies to a will.   "i would hear little snippets of conversation around it and i'd be like, just so you know, i'd love to be a part of this.   "i would just say that i am listening extremely carefully.   "i would like to help anyone in general, but i'm focusing on the youth, because when you are young you don't know where to turn."   "i would like to warn those who would once again try to organise some sort of provocations against our servicemen," putin said.   i would like to widen the sphere of history as walt whitman did that of poetry.   "i would not like to have found out from the news," added parent natalie naranjo.   "i would not want those victims to now feel that if they do come forward and they make those reports that their lives will then be subjected to the type of scrutiny and type of exposure that we have seen in the recent weeks and months," he said.   i would not want to go through an earthquake again, but it sure was a great night to work in radio and see how it can make a difference in people's lives.   “i wouldn’t be involved,” lawrence told variety during the premiere of her new film, “joy.”   "i wouldn’t rule it out," he said when asked if he would vote for another coalition.   i wouldn't say she is similar to jodie taylor but i think jodie offers more down the channels whereas tash tends to hold the ball up more."   "i wouldn't want to hang out with nobody who talks at all."   "i would say they're quite technically sophisticated on the whole," brantly said.   “i would state however that we are already well aware of their views and these were carefully considered and are contained in the very detailed page report reported to the special planning committee in september .   i yearn to be her.   jace peterson's three-run double in the seventh inning pulled the braves within -, but the - hole they dug themselves was too much to overcome.   jack broom: jbroom@seattletimes.com or -- four weeks for cents of unlimited digital access to the seattle times.   jackson county and all of its municipalities count on splost revenue to provide funding for roads, recreation, water and sewer infrastructure and other needs.   jackson hit a three-run homer in the third inning, anthony rizzo added an rbi double and the chicago cubs kept alive their slim hopes for home-field advantage in the wild-card game with a - victory over cincinnati on thursday.   jackson said sanders "understood" the issues that the civil rights leader brought up.   jackson’s lyrics have often been sideways, sly.   jacob markstrom got the start ahead of ryan miller for vancouver, but allowed four goals on shots, including three to the glove side.   jacobs alleges that his firing in macau was orchestrated from las vegas.   jacob was riding his bicycle with a brother and a friend when a masked gunman abducted him.   jacoby was killed on county road about a.m., police said.   jaden smith, meanwhile, has appeared in movies like the pursuit of happyness and after earth alongside his dad will, but is perhaps equally renowned for his amazing, unorthodox twitter game.   “(jaffe) agrees that the issue is not one of biology and you don’t have to be a human being to be a ‘person,’” he said.   jail officers separated the two women and an ambulance was called to the jail to treat scott for her injuries.   jakarta, indonesia (ap) — the number of foreign fishermen stranded on several remote eastern indonesian islands has spiraled to ,, including some revealed in an associated press investigation to have been enslaved.   jake’s attacker was described as aged about to , slim, ft in and of mixed race, with short dark hair.   jamaat ul ahrar, a breakaway faction of the pakistani taliban, claimed responsibility for the attack.   jamaican-american star omi said: "i'm extremely excited as usual.   james, , has long been considered the world’s best player, but curry said he sees himself in that role now.   james also knows that winning the rematch on christmas day will do little to ease the sting of the finals loss.   james boysen, a -year-old software developer from austin, received the craniofacial tissue transplant at the same time as a kidney and pancreas transplant at houston methodist hospital on may in surgeries that lasted nearly a day, it said.   james scored points in the fourth quarter, including six straight.   jamey keaton and jerome pugmire reported from paris.   jamili didn't know whether they were among the who are safe.   jammeh returned overnight on wednesday from dubai, united arab emirates, where he was on a private visit when the putsch attempt was staged in the west african country.   jan egeland, head of the norwegian refugee council, said "every second, a person is forced to flee because of an extreme weather event."   jane m. von bergen writes about workplace issues for the inquirer.   jane’s defence weekly reported that in addition to the mini-submarine facility, the new nuclear submarine has four sonar areas along the side of the boat and fixtures for a towed sonar array.   jang had once been considered the second-most powerful person in the country.   jan indenbosch is among those being cited by the royal canadian humane association.   january , by alison damast rupal patel took a break from her career as a patent lawyer in chicago to enroll in an mba program with a luxury specialization this fall, trading in the windy city for the sparkling shores of the french riviera.   january , - the cuban health ministry reports new cases of cholera in havana.   january , - christopher speight, , kills eight people at a house in appomattox, virginia.   january - the augusta national golf club formally opens in augusta, georgia, after being founded by golfer bobby jones and investment banker clifford roberts.   january , - u.s. diplomatic officials say that coalition airstrikes have killed thousands of isis fighters to date, including half of the top command of the terror group.   january is moebius syndrome awareness day.   january , - ellen johnson sirleaf takes office as liberia's first elected female president, promising to break the cycle of violence.   january , - wanda barzee, one of smart's alleged captors, is found incompetent to stand trial and is sent to utah state hospital for further review.   "january is the time when the african people can enjoy," he says.   january meeting minutes released wednesday show a fed open market committee concerned over its credibility and the path it should take toward normalizing monetary policy.   janus enjoyed massive inflows when gross came aboard, but it emerged in january that gross himself had invested more than $ million in his new fund, janus global unconstrained bond (jucax).   japanese boxing champion shinsuke yamanaka absorbed a punch to the jaw from panamanian challenger anselmo moreno in a wbc bantamweight title match that yamanaka went on to win.   japanese companies, led by panasonic, made up seven of the top applicants.   "japanese people are usually shy so they sort of just clap along," she said.   japanese prime minister shinzo abe yesterday visited a disaster-struck city north of tokyo in the aftermath of massive flooding that killed at least three people, as rescuers raced against time to find more than a dozen still missing.   japan has also undertaken joint military exercises with australia and the philippines, and has training agreements with india, indonesia, and vietnam.   japan has been pushing to reform the program since unesco last month listed documents related to the nanjing incident on the registry despite japanese opposition.   japan is eager to showcase such technology in time for the tokyo olympics, such as having driverless cars pick up athletes from airports and taking them to olympic village.   japan logs trade deficit of , billion yen in jan.   japan post holdings recently purchased logistics firm toll holdings, which has a global network spanning road, air, sea, and rail routes, for more than us$. billion while a consortium led by china merchants group acquired newcastle port last year.   japan’s defense ministry is to buy aav amphibious assault vehicles made by bae systems, f- stealth warplanes made by lockheed martin corp and osprey tilt-rotor transport aircraft from boeing co under the budget plan, the document said.   japan's health ministry also estimated that ,, people died in , indicating a natural population decline of ,.   japan’s topix rose . percent on friday, capping its biggest monthly gain since april .   japan, the u.s., canada, and mexico reached tentative agreement on a deal governing the manufacture of automobile and auto parts.   jarecki wants to avoid spoiling the experience, so it was quickly decided to keep the last four episodes under wraps.   jasmine and true corp stock dropped . percent and . percent respectively in early bangkok trading.   "jason ball (project research chef at the food innovation center, portland) has tested many ways of preparing dulse for various recipes," he tells cnn.   jason clark, a corrections spokesman, said a requirement to prevent guards from seeing inmates of the opposite sex naked in the showers or during strip searches wouldn't work because percent of the correctional officer workforce is female.   jason coady, chair of the protective services committee, said the city received complaints last summer about the noise coming off the generators on some trucks.   jason sickles is a reporter for yahoo news.   jasper lawler, an analyst at cmc markets, said old mutual was abandoned by investors because of its business in south africa.   jawzjan, afghanistan (ap) — afghan officials say a bomb hidden in a vehicle carrying produce has exploded in a northern township, killing one person and wounding two.   jaxa spokesperson chihito onda confirmed to cnn that this estimate is realistic.   jayasimha, a new yorker who walks three to four miles a day, said his jawbone up stopped giving him information he didn't already know.   "jay played a hell of a game," insisted wideout alshon jeffery, targeted by cutler times including five catches for a game-high yards.   jean, meanwhile, hopes to build bridges.   jean said kelsey grammer will return to voice sideshow bob, who has been a "simpsons" nemesis since a episode in which his plot to frame krusty the clown for robbery was exposed by bart.   jean, who made her milan runway debut two years ago, said her looks always take influences from at least two cultures, typically mixing exotic fabrics and flourishes with italian tailoring.   jeb bush - former governor of florida primary campaign committee - jeb , inc. website - https://jeb.com june , - bush announces he is officially running for president during an appearance at miami dade college.   jeb bush kisses his wife after announcing his presidential ambitions however, his speech was interrupted by at least one heckler, forcing mr bush to improvise a response that included a denunciation of president barack obama's immigration reforms.   jeb bush, on his goal of percent economic growth: "we can do this."   jeb bush, perhaps prophetically, joked that marco rubio is the quarterback of his undefeated fantasy football league.   jeb bush's life photos bush speaks during a press conference at the carandolet government palace in quito, january , .   jeb bush's life photos bush waves to the audience at the tampa bay times forum in tampa, florida, on august , , on the final day of the republican national convention.   jeb bush's life photos president barack obama (left) speaks about bush (center) while visiting miami central senior high school on march , in miami, florida.   jeb bush's life photos then-president george w. bush (right) and jeb bush go through the line for strawberries during a stop at the stawberry festival march , in plant city, florida.   jeb bush's life photos then-president george w. bush (right) is greeted by jeb bush on march , , at orlando international airport in orlando, florida.   jeb bush's support is unchanged at %, behind trump, carson, rubio, kasich and sen. ted cruz.   jeb bush's unpolished moments jeb bush and the swift boaters jeb and george w.: comparing the brothers bush get to know jeb bush in less than minutes the bush family and iraq mason city, iowa (cnn)jeb bush has admitted he's not the life of the party.   jehanger cut off the interview with cbc saying, "well i'm not really comfortable talking about that at the moment.   jemal countess / getty images actor emile hirsch has been charged with felony assault after allegedly putting a female executive in a chokehold during the sundance film festival.   jen li says she's been to parc many times for dinner, but never for brunch — until now.   jenna recalls, "when i had my first real journalism job, he'd accuse me of being careerist or not livin' life when i had to work until nine instead of eating burritos in the moonlight with him."   jenna then tells the jury what happened in the neulander's home in the hours before her mother died.   jenner is also facing separate lawsuits by howe's stepchildren and the driver of the other car involved in the collision.   jenner's journey: from bruce to caitlyn photos jenner, lower left, appears in a episode of "love boat" featuring hulk hogan and tim rossovich.   jenner was not injured.   jennifer aniston did not adopt baby girl, despite report gossip cop hrs ago by shari weiss jennifer aniston did not adopt a baby girl, despite a new tabloid cover story published on wednesday.   jennifer aniston was trying to do something similar this year, though her vehicle was not a major-studio hit that got its own best picture nomination, but a low-budget indie, "cake," that drew mixed reviews at best.   jennifer clement: 'girls hide from drug cartel in self-dug holes' .. american-mexican author jennifer clement's newest book portraits the life of young girls in rural mexico.   jennifer flanagan, chief executive of youth outreach organization actua, said the dearth of female nominees stems largely from public perceptions of women's role in the sciences.   jennifer zbyszewski saw her son in the field wednesday before he was killed.   jenni wendell, owner of just be, remembers the day that the quiet young teen handed her a letter before walking into a class.   jenny durkan, a top us lawyer who has previously served as the state attorney for the western district of washington, is part of the defence team, a fifa spokesperson said.   jensen, who leads the right-wing progress party, said she still backs the coalition government's climate policies.   jens spahn, parliamentary state secretary at the finance ministry, told dw that the cdu conference "had put the wind back in her sails."   jens wemmer was clean through but blasted his shot straight into the face of hertha keeper thomas kraft, who seemed more amused than hurt by the errant ball.   jeremy doss hardy, , of pasadena, texas, was placed in the custer county jail on the preliminary complaint.   jermaine blackwood, with a stroke-filled off balls with four sixes and fours, was the only west indian to bat with assurance.   jermaine kearse's flawless catch and touchdown ended the game and secured the seahawks a spot in the super bowl for a second straight year.   … jerusalem (reuters) - a palestinian man stabbed and critically wounded an israeli in the west bank city of hebron on monday and was then shot dead by security forces, israeli police said.   jesquith said her daughter was a straight-a student who dreamed of becoming a lawyer.   jessa runciman associate producer jessa runciman is an associate producer with cbc ottawa, and an avid music fan and show-goer.   jessica and aaron vanzeeland were picked to compete on the show while awaiting the birth of their son.   jessica todd harper is an american photographer based in philadelphia.   jestin says bylaw is "more about educating people," and points to the issue of oxeye daisies as a noxious weed as a prime example of public education.   "jesus in the eyes of the jews" was the topic of ash's originally planned master thesis, which gave him plenty to talk about with his elderly employer.   jesus was born into poverty.   jets receiver brandon marshall had yards on four catches.   jewel mia, an official from the bangladesh inland water transport authority, told reporters at the scene that up to people were on board when the ferry sank.   jewish and muslim gravesites and places of worship in france see sporadic but frequent vandalism.   jfk emerged as the first "television" president.   jibo, which manufactures home assistance robots, is to start shipping the products this autumn, acer ceo jason chen (陳俊聖) said on thursday on the sidelines of the ifa consumer electronics fair in berlin.   'jihadi john' horrified public, emboldened extremists by jon gambrell hours ago is jihadi john dead?   jihadists killed avijit roy, editor of the website "mukto mona" (the free mind) in february.   jihad lost his right leg, and his son died.   ji is also looking to add key advisors and board members, grow its talented team, and secure investment.   jill johnson, , walked through the crowd with a copy of the post and courier raised above her head, with the headline: “hate won’t win."   jill lawless contributed to this story.   jim codd of the resident adoption action group supports homeowners in this situation.   jim cramer has a plan.   jim hearson: "holds all four major titles plus the diamond league.   jimmy butler scored a career-high points for the bulls, who lost their third straight and are now -.   jim o’donnell, ceo of bmw us, took a shot at his rivals.   jim pasco of the fraternal order of police told the hollywood reporter on thursday that the union has something planned for tarantino and that "the element of the surprise is the most important element."   jim riley view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   jim rome tweets that marching band members are 'dorks,' dorks respond in kind "is there anyone not in a marching band who thinks those dorks running around with their instruments are cool?"   jim webb had knee surgery this month, but has shied away from any media interaction, opting, instead, to continually update his twitter.   jindal has said he wants to focus on "winning the war of ideas" before making a decision on his presidential ambitions.   j. michael pearson, valeant's ceo, said he believes valeant has complied with all laws.   joan e. solsman/cnet it's simply having a place to run into their virtual colleagues in the real world.   joanne seiff is the author of two books and the mom of twin preschoolers.   job cuts mas, in the past, was also hindered by disagreements between the management and the unions, which opposed job cuts.   jobseekers wait to talk to a recruiter (l) at the colorado hospital association's health care career …   jobs immediately negotiated his company's survival by getting a $ million investment from rival microsoft, and then jump-started research and development, which led to 's hit imac.   jobs that are never created never make headlines.   joe biden's wife on board with run by eric bradner and kevin liptak, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) september , biden unsure if he's 'there' for a run biden unsure if he's 'there' for a run is biden taking shots at trump?   joe dellavedova, spokesman for the f- program office, said canada remained a partner in the program and was still slated to participate in a meeting of the program's executive steering board in italy early next month.   joel cherry, spokesperson for the ministry of highways and infrastructure, said several measures have already been put in place, but lights were ruled out.   joe macintosh, the deputy warden of maintenance, says the four men have all been granted low security — a process that ensures it's safe for the community and the inmates to be out on the streets.   "joe root and ben stokes fought back well but we hung in there, as that last wicket showed.   joey masciantonio vividly remembers the moment his baby daughter gianna met pope francis in philadelphia — because it almost never happened.   joey, of country duo joey and rory, undergoes surgery nashville, tenn. (ap) — joey feek, of the husband-and-wife country duo joey and rory, is recovering after surgery to treat a recurrence of cervical cancer.   joey says the abuse continued.   joey stefona, , who had stood in the rain for five hours, explained, "i feel like it's shining, it's really warm.   john allen, , moved here for a job at microsoft in .   johnatan lampp, age , scotland road, dublin, one count open container violation; one count driving under the influence (dui) alcohol . gm or more, or over; and one count safety belts violation (adults).   john auer, a financial adviser, said he was initially concerned when oregon chub were found in a beaver pond on a -acre farm outside monmouth that has been in his family since the end of world war ii.   john kasich's campaign went so far as to release a mock press release saturday announcing that trump named putin as his running mate, dubbing the two a "dictatorial duo."   john kasich's political career photos kasich, left, president barack obama, center, and republican house speaker john boehner play the first hole of a golf game on june , , at andrews air force base in maryland.   john lueckenhoff recently moved to a new position, at the troop d service center in carthage, as a public information and education officer.   john mcgettrick with the ottawa police service.   john norris, jaser's lawyer, argued for a sentence of ½ years in jail which would include three years for time already served.   johnny (aka jesus of suburbia), played with restless intensity by frederick hagreen, falls into love and addiction in the big, bad city.   john sarcone, attorney for polk county, iowa on aug. , sarcone expressed support for a grand jury's decision not to indict des moines, iowa, police officer vanessa miller in the june fatal shooting of -year-old ryan bollinger.   john sauder's weather update - may , : expect about to millimetres of rain by thursday evening, mostly in the southeastern part of the province and the red river valley, says cbc meteorologist john sauder.   john sommers ii / reuters conway conceded defeat in an election night speech, saying "tonight was not the result that we had hoped for, but it is a result that we accept."   johnson delayed england before root, with the aid of a slip catch by adam lyth via a deflection off cook, ended his innings to leave australia on the brink of defeat at for nine.   johnson: furloughs coming at dhs if funding stalls : washington (cnn)congress has just a few hours until department of homeland security funding runs out, and with no clear compromise in sight a department shutdown is looking likelier by the minute.   johnson is in mexico to promote his new movie, tooth fairy.   johnson made his cup debut later that season, running three races before joining the circuit full time in .   johnson needed stitches to close the wound, watkins said.   johnson noted there are existing federal regulations around air quality that will make it more economically challenging to operate colstrip.   johnson took action.   john stang covers state government for crosscut.   john sylvan worked at keurig in the s when he devised a simple product that could create a small mug of coffee out of a plastic pod.   john wachter says officers and paramedics were called to a home in middle river, east of baltimore, on monday after a caller reported that a man tried to kill himself.   john was born in clovis new mexico, on march , to richard roy and cathrine may woodward.   join the crew at the chapel with a performance by the tedtones feat.   join the scouts for camping, hiking, canoeing, swimming, fishing, and more.   join us on facebook.   jolla is still optimizing sailfish os ., so it would be unfair to nitpick individual apps.   jonas bjorkman has been coaching andy murray through queen's, but will be joined by amelie mauresmo for wimbledon there has been a bit of competition on the practice court already, and it's been pretty ugly for jonas.   jonathan gilliam, a cnn law-enforcement analyst, said he was surprised by how fast the fire spread.   jonathan griffiths pts you contradicted your own comment, you cannot get kicked out of a bushiness or fired from a job for being straight. but you can if you are gay, those are not the same rights.   jones and ccn managing editor scott loftis won first place for news story for coverage of an incident involving a carroll county sheriff's office k-, and loftis received first place in beat reporting for his coverage of the ccso.   jones, having stepped down as japan coach, was barely a week into his time with the stormers.   jones is a co-author of "say it loud: an illustrated history of the black athlete" and ceo of the push marketing group.   jones made his film debut in 's "somebody up there likes me," which starred paul newman as boxer rocky graziano.   jones needed to score a pair in the final end to force an extra, but could only manage a single after a measurement determined a swiss stone was in second shot position.   jones opened the scoring at : of the second when he outmuscled chicago defenceman trevor daley at the edge of the crease and punched in a rebound.   jones runs a company that sells liners used for fracking in the texas oilfields and the slowdown has forced him to lay off two of his employees.   jon stewart: fake newsman, real news photos in , stewart and fellow comedy central host stephen colbert hosted the rally to restore sanity and/or fear on the national mall in washington.   jordan could greatly influence iraq's sunni arab tribes to support military efforts against the islamic state group, particularly the iraqi government's plans to create a sunni-led national guard.   jordan has previously denounced israeli actions at the mosque compound, saying they amount to "aggression" against arab and muslim nations.   jordan is one of a handful of middle eastern nations taking part in the u.s.-led military coalition against isis.   jordan parkes tracks bobby-joe taylor during ebbsfleet's - win at maidstone picture: martin apps parkes said: "i was disappointed not to score at the weekend.   jordan says he didn’t know his attackers or why they would do this.   jorgeson and caldwell are roughly halfway through their free climb.   josef pesch is something of a modern-day renaissance man who today runs a firm that develops community-owned renewable energy projects "we are giving power to the people in a very real sense," he says, "by allowing them to produce their own.   joselu looked destined to equalize for hannover after going around fabian giefer - in for the injured ralf fährmann - but a superb last-ditch tackle by captain benedikt höwedes denied him.   joseph clancy, director of the u.s. secret service, testifies during a senate appropriations subcommittee hearing on capitol hill in on march , .   joseph d'amico said the search had shifted to the north, but there was no evidence the pair had been heading to canada.   joseph stalin famously quipped, "how many divisions does the pope of rome have?"   jose tomas who returned to las ventas for the second time this month after a six-year absence, is known for his fearlessness and is often regarded as one of the greatest bullfighters of all times.   josh axe, dnm, dc, cns photos of the day - october , yahoo news menswear from top designer brandsmainlinesponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   josh hohm was camping at gallatin national forrest late last month when he spotted the orphaned calf.   josh miller/cnet in an attempt to boost sales for its classic smartphone, blackberry is taking it to india.   joshua barron, of spokane, washington, died of injuries sustained when the mv- osprey went down sunday at a military base outside honolulu.   joshua roberts / pool via afp - getty images secretary of state john kerry, right, and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov watch as members of the u.s. and russian delegations place red flowers at the zakovkzalny war memorial in sochi on tuesday.   josh: "you get upset if someone thinks you live below sunset."   joubert's father, daniel joubert, told cbc news the family was expecting a lengthy trial when they went to court in winnipeg that morning.   journalists and bloggers visit pr newswire for journalists, our free resources for releases, photos and customized feeds.   journal: www.nejm.org copyright the associated press.   joustra was then to present the findings to journalists.   joyce mitchell is arraigned in city court on friday, june , , in plattsburgh, n.y. mitchell is … police say they won't stop looking for the escaped inmates.   joyner: i didn't have a good experience with the soil growing up.   j.p. morgan said it is sticking with its overweight rating and $ price target on the stock.   j.s. shinde, president of the all india organization of chemists and druggists which called the protest, said the retailers' trade group will consider an indefinite strike if the government does not stop online drug sales within two months.   j.t. miller had two assists and henrik lundqvist made saves for new york, which begins the year with title aspirations of its own.   juan francisco lopez-sanchez, who is accused of the shooting, says he found the weapon wrapped in a t-shirt and it accidentally went off when he picked it up, according to cnn affiliate kgo.   judge grants field trip for jurors.   judge harris conceded the convicted man had weather a "public storm," but noted he "had not heard an indication of remorse from mr. rahnumah."   judge karen lecraft henderson issued a vigorous -page dissent, warning that the court's decision has "alarming" consequences for the future of bringing terrorists to justice.   judge kimberly j. mueller said she would rule within days on the request, which comes amid looser enforcement of u.s. marijuana laws, including moves to legalize its recreational use in washington state, colorado, oregon and alaska.   judge philip statman was to preside over the trial, which was scheduled to start today.   judge robert ervin urged the jurors to continue deliberations and ask for any exhibits or trial testimony they might need to reach a verdict.   judge robert owen, who is overseeing the inquiry, said "the issues to which his death gives rise are of the utmost gravity."   judges granted three quarters of the requests, of which this weekend's releases are a portion, according to the u.s. sentencing commission.   judge to rule on video showing officer fatally shooting teen valderrama said police must release the footage by nov. and denied the city's request for an immediate stay after the decision.   judge vincent gaughan set the next hearing for jan. . cook county prosecutors were not available for comment after the arraignment.   judging by the first, crisp digital close-up images, the wait was worth it.   “judging from inputs such as weak commodity demand and poor retail sales during the chinese new year, the chinese economy looks very weak year-to-date,” credit suisse’s head of china research vincent chan said in a tuesday note.   judging will begin at am.   judo champ's fight for recognition two-time world champion majlinda kelmendi will carry kosovo's flag when it competes in the olympics for the first time at rio .   jules greco, a sales associate at toronto's silver snail comics shop, says that she realizes film studios look at crossover superhero movies as 'a money grab,' but still looks forward to watching them.   julian korb had the chance to make it -, but manuel neuer made a great save.   julianna snow's family sings a prayer julianna snow's family sings a prayer : but michelle moon and steve snow explain that they won't be in heaven when julianna arrives there, and neither will her big brother, alex.   julie dropped the "e" and added an "a" because another actress was already registered under the name of julie roberts.   july , - is released from house arrest after prosecutors disclose that the accuser admitted to lying about certain details.   july , : people are killed when malaysia airlines flight is shot down by a surface-to-air missile in rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine.   july , - prime minister david cameron addresses an emergency meeting to the house of commons concerning the phone hacking scandal at news group intl and his former communications director, andy coulson.   july , - rose begins his pro career with the minor league team geneva redlegs of the new york-penn league.   july celebrity chef jose andres is backing out of a plan to open a flagship restaurant in donald trump's new hotel under construction in washington.   july has been particularly difficult, as ethnic strife between arabs and berbers in the oasis town of ghardaia claimed lives, and around a dozen soldiers were slain in a mountain ambush by radical militants the government said had been defeated.   jump in to the post and let us walk you through the highlight reel.   june , – in an altercation at sonoma raceway, brian vickers claims stewart hit him in the chest while he sat inside his car.   june , - the midnight deadline passes for the greek finance ministry to pay the . billion euros ($. billion) it owes the imf.   june , : a new report is released indicating that josh's parents jim bob and michelle duggar "covered up" josh's molestations for over months.   june , - releases her memoir, "living history."   june : buffalo touch at river grill, aqua lane, tonawanda, : june : buffalo polka boosters meeting at polish falcons, columbia ave., depew.   "jurassic world" dropped from second to fifth place, taking in another $. million, bringing the dinosaur movie's overall total to a huge $. million.   jurists marched from the supreme court to christ church cathedral for a service of thanksgiving before returning to the supreme court for the opening ceremony.   juror : a white woman in her late s who was a volunteer victims' advocate in aurora from to .   jurors have to complete a -page verdict form and discuss each sentencing count separately, leaving open the prospect of lengthy deliberations.   jury selection is set to start monday in hernandez’s murder trial.   just % of democrats say it was the right thing to do, and just over a third of independents support the move.   just out of countries provided what could be classed as good end-of-life care - and these accounted for just % of the adult population.   just a little levity that seemed appropriate to the family.   just a minute earlier, chile playmaker jorge valdivia had a goal disallowed after vidal was ruled offside in a close call, and alexis sanchez’s goal in the th minute was also called back even though replays showed he was not offside.   just as any role in an organization, leading requires a lot of attention and energy!   "just ask president ross perot."   just as when your mortgage is sold, nothing can change.   just be a silly kid in an unbelievable house and be around so many great people.'   "just because a person moves out of our area doesn't mean that they're lost or missing or wandering the countryside," aguillard said.   just constantly keeping an eye on the situations so that nobody gets hurt and we can all go home safe and we don’t have any houses burned,” he said.   just couldn't finish it out."   "just cramped up a little bit and then they thought the best form of recovery would be just go to the hospital for a little bit, get an iv.   'just do it,' former oil executive says of alberta royalty review energy royalties faq: how much do albertans get for their oil and gas resources?   just few short hours without boinks and beeps and flashes and tiny little text would be nice, wouldn't it?   just for others to use, obviously.   just four days after the minnesota suit was filed, the naf agreed not to accept new cases from credit card companies, banks, and many other firms.   ''just go day to day.'   just google her name and you’ll see what i mean.   just go to “this pc” and click on the “windows c:” folder.   "just got word that one of my cousins was among the killed yesterday, i'm so sick right now," berhe wrote.   just hand me my walkie-talkie.'   just head down to the rafflecopter widget below for up to three chances at winning this fitness and technology combo.   just how are these products chosen?   just how dramatically a video can shift the balance of power was apparent in north charleston, south carolina, when officer michael slager shot and killed walter scott, an unarmed black man as he ran away after a traffic stop.   just how much money these places rake in might surprise you.   justice kagan said she would feel harmed if a company published incorrect information about her online.   justice minister heiko maas said the measures weren’t intended to curtail free speech but rather to ensure german law is applied online.   justice minister michael masutha would now study pistorius' "profile" and the original parole board decision, the department said.   justice wayne cheverie began calling witnesses for the court wednesday morning.   "justin is continually improving year on year and he will certainly be a factor as well this year."   justin ryan, education co-ordinator for moncton's multicultural association (magma), says his group is overwhelmed with support for the incoming refugees.   justin sullivan/getty images louisiana gov. bobby jindal, rick santorum, george pataki and sen. lindsey graham of south carolina take the stage for the cnbc republican "happy hour" debate on wednesday.   justin timberlake commits to american century golf tourney hours ago justin timberlake, who is well- known for his abilities to sing, dance and act, has another skill that is not quite as celebrated.   just in time for summer vacation selfie season.   justin was detained in his garage while police with a "felony search warrant" looked for evidence in his home they then arrested his friend lil za for cocaine possession during the raid.   "just keep playing and then playing with another good player, awesome players."   just like a bridge you might drive over, the best dental bridge is supported at multiple points underneath it.   just like a two year old, she is craving the attention no matter at what cost and just like a two year old, if you ignore them, they will stop.   just like the ipad app, lightroom mobile uses the raw file to create a compressed preview version that's only about percent of the original size (around one to two megabytes).   just minutes before the accident awwad had called a friend, dw has learned, and told him that the convoy had stopped for lunch, but would soon continue and head to the hotel, where they would spend the night.   just north of the sump, wright pointed to some trees at the edge of a vacant lot.   just playing games.   "just recently in my own garden i built a hedgehog house.   just remember that -- there's a deep connection there, and if you ever want to pull that card, you got it, whenever you want it,'" rodriguez recalled.   just see another one.   just seven months into his term, tsipras lost his majority in parliament after far-left rebels in his party opposed the tough conditions demanded by eurozone countries for the new rescue package.   just signed the american civics bill.   just sprinkle with salt and pepper, coat in olive oil and add heat.   just start dating a few ideas first. ) transmute pain into passion identify your past pains and experiences to fuel you to help others overcome similar challenges.   just think how many hearts it'll pick up on instagram, how many likes on facebook, maybe even a few retweets.   just three percent of the state's hospitals received the highest u.s. news score in patient safety – out of – compared to percent of the remaining u.s. hospitals.   just try to recite the plot with a straight face: a young girl's most cherished christmas present, a nutcracker, comes alive, saves her by defeating an army of mice and their king, and then the pair travel together to a magical kingdom of sweets.   just watched what is the haka?   just watched what weapons does north korea have?   just what we need.   jw: let’s say you want to do steak and potatoes; keep it simple.   kabc – los angeles no charges in death of man who told cops he couldn't breathe scott, la.   kabore heads the movement of people for progress (mpp), made up of disaffected allies of the former president who left the party months before compaore stood down.   kabuki continues to capture audiences after the fifth-generation kabukiza theatre reopened in april after three years of reconstruction work.   kadri beat rask with a backhander and goalie jonathan bernier dove at boston's final shooter, krejci, poking the puck away.   kaelyn marchand has been sleeping there in a trailer, keeping watch on several dozen of her family’s mares, geldings and colts.   kah volleyed his first goal past goalkeeper stefan frei in the sixth minute off a scramble in the penalty area.   kaling said she is happy to give them more screen time because she was a supporting player on "the office" who appreciated when she had more to do.   kalla said his office would work with rights groups including the unhcr and iom in meeting the needs of the arrivals, and to lay out a plan for the next months.   kalwarski is numbers department editor at bloomberg businessweek.   kamar baldwin scored points to lead a balanced attack which also included from alantae billings and from kent knowles.   kamloops museum (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) the work of pioneering photographer mary spencer is on display in a new exhibit at the kamloops museum, from friday.   kampong glam cafe wanna show off your knowledge of local hot spots?   "(kane's) got a special talent," islanders coach jack capuano said.   kano, for example, is a build-it-yourself computer kit that actually uses raspberry pi as its brains.   kansas city, kan. (ap) -- joey logano drove his no. ford to a fast lap of . mph friday, easily besting the speed of kasey kahne and winning the pole for saturday night's sprint cup race.   kansas city's famous barbecue takes longer to cook than the average local spends stuck in traffic.   kansas freshman ryan willis got a bit of it.   kantengwa also pointed out that rwanda has improved its standing in several economic indicators.   kara swisher: it depends on what you mean with center.   kardashian and west, , already have a daughter, north, who will turn on june . — e! online (@eonline) june , the couple, often referred to as kimye, got married in italy last year.   kardashian and west have a -year-old daughter, north. photos: growing celebrity families alec baldwin and wife hilaria announced on social media wednesday that they had welcomed their second child, a son named rafael thomas.   kardashian issued her first statement on tuesday since odom was hospitalized, praising workers who had nursed her husband back to consciousness.   karen woodmansee photo column - from that editor these past few weeks have been sad ones for employees and patrons of the delta and bonanza saloons.   karlovic, who eliminated canadian milos raonic in the second round, will next face either nick kyrgios or john isner.   karl schwarz became the first artistic director and chief curator of the tel aviv museum of art, which officially opened in within the private residence of the mayor himself.   karl went to the police when he quit - is this the best way?   kashan – kashan, down the road from qom, is home to fin garden, where persian kings used to come to relax.   kasich: as an executive -- no.   kasich had been viewed as a dark-horse candidate running in the centrist, establishment lane with former florida gov. jeb bush.   kasich is among a handful of republican white house hopefuls betting they can capitalize on the first-in-the-nation primary state's tendency to favor pragmatic leaders over party ideologues.   kasich: yeah, i would like to make a comment.   kasparov: i now have croatian citizenship, but i only accepted it because croatia allowed me to keep my russian passport.   kaspersky lab, a russia-based cybersecurity firm that investigated the string of thefts, is set to publish a report monday on its findings.   kasuma hatu, a rohingya muslim refugee from myanmar, was one of them.   kathleen toner: one day you're a social worker, the next you're in automotive school.   kathmandu, nepal (cnn)when the earthquake struck, we huddled under a concrete beam -- and prayed.   kathryn hunter leads an all-female ensemble as cyrano - the soldier, fighter and lover with an abnormally large nose.   kathy told us urgently that even the goal of limiting global warming to degrees celsius will put the marshall islands under water, and called for the cop negotiators to embrace a goal of . degrees of warming.   katie couric, yahoo’s global news anchor, sat down with parker to discuss his newfound commitment to philanthropy, the “unintended consequences” of technology, and how “the social network” got him all wrong.   katie says the caller, who identified herself as pat pierorazio, was "rude, mean, and angry."   katie sylvia ballantyne — last seen april , .   katon dawson, the garrulous former south carolina gop chairman who advised perry's bid, has been named rickpac's state director.   katrina years later: new orleans knock knock, who's there?   kayanan thinks the studio lab is best for quick one-off recordings, or for student practice and experimentation.   kazakhstan's propaganda bill 'on protection of children from information harmful to their health and development' was introduced to ban the promotion of 'non-traditional sexual orientations.'   kctu president han sang-kyun said in a video message at the rally that kctu would launch a general labour strike on december . han has taken refuge at a buddhist temple in seoul to avoid being arrested for leading earlier protests.   kean, the owner of a property broker that employs people in the chicago suburb of park ridge, said he stopped shopping regularly at the nearby office depot years ago and only buys from staples when they advertise a really good deal.   keaton takes awards stage tumble sundance london cancelled for :: soggy bottom taking paper-folding to new heights, a giant ft (.m) origami boat made of almost m of paper has been launched on a lake in south london.   kebede walked the red carpet on the film's opening night with fellow models doutzen kroes and karlie kloss and hollywood stars such as julianne moore, lupita nyong'o and naomi watts.   "keep a detailed food journal to look for links to foods that seem to trigger a rash."   keep clicking on the wsaz app and on wsaz.com for the latest on this traffic situation.   keep communication open.   keep in mind though that if you are in a car during a thunderstorm, you should avoid touching metallic areas that can conduct electricity.   keep track of levels of fear, sadness, fatigue and what triggers them.   keith honeycutt of temple, texas, leads the co-angler division with five bass weighing pounds, ounces followed by nick loeffelman, jr., of valles mines, missouri, in second place with five bass weighing -.   keith irving, the liberal mla for kings south, is keeping an eye on the problem.   keith is also billboard's no. country artist of the decade and no. country songwriter of the decade.   keith with dr. subherwal, "well, thank you very much.   kejriwal quit his comfortable and highly sought-after government job in and embarked on a career as an anti-corruption campaigner that led to national fame.   kelleher said sullivan’s team in providence scored a lot of goals and employed an up-tempo style, but the defensive structure wasn’t neglected.   kelley blue book co., inc. is a cox automotive company.   kelly also addressed trump’s comments, telling viewers monday night that she “certainly will not apologize for doing good journalism, so i’ll continue doing my job without fear or favor.”   kelly dugan elects to become a minor league free agent kelly dugan.   kelsey replied, “well, for a guy that hadn’t had sex for a decade it wasn’t that hard!”   kemar lawrence tries a through ball, but lance laing is caught offside.   kenet explained that a deep burn for someone who is fair-skinned means that person will be at a higher likelihood of getting melanoma even though there may be less overall visible skin damage such as sunspots or wrinkles.   kennedy, the law professor, observed to me, “it can be easier to commit violence against someone who is an other.   kennett second baseman zane wallace throws to first base on an attempted double play after forcing out oran runner tanner mcvay at second base thursday at oran high school.   kenny lawler, (bryce) treggs, and those guys have been around there for a while.   kenyan president uhuru kenyatta opened the ministerial world trade organization (wto) discussions calling the gathering "historic and crucial."   kenyans make ready for barack obama's visit story highlights obama's quip to the african union in addis ababa, ethiopia, came as he critiqued some african leaders' reluctance to turn over power.   kepr's very own mike mccabe was the emcee of the big event.   kerem bulut scored twice on debut for the asian-champion wanderers, who have only one win in matches this season with five draws.   kerrick is suspended from the force without pay.   kerrigan recovered to earn a silver medal at the lillehammer olympics, where harding finished eighth.   kerry needham has always maintained her son is alive ben's mother, kerry, travelled to athens with south yorkshire police to appear on a missing persons programme.   kerry responded by designating helicopter landing pads which were being vacated by u.s. troops.   kerry suggested radicals were drawn to the country in their fight against al-assad, a view lavrov disputed.   kerry thanked the king "for saudi arabia's support to multilateral efforts to pursue a political transition in syria," kirby said.   kessler realized he had to be a vocal leader this season even before his coach's embarrassment.   ketchikan is a popular summertime cruise destination about miles ( km) south of juneau, the state capital.   kevin, a veteran, adopted the dog after he had a liver transplant and jackson has been by his side ever since.   kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page.   kevin durant (oklahoma city thunder), kobe bryant (los angeles lakers) and derrick rose (chicago bulls) rounded out the top five.   kevin ellis pulled sporting (--) to -, scoring an opportunistic header in the rd minute.   “kevin from work,” : p.m. (abc family): julia has a cat emergency and leaves kevin and audrey in charge of the office; roxie and brian go overboard planning a birthday party for kevin.   kevin rubletz, , is charged with second-degree murder in the death of his former girlfriend.   key and peele both co-created and star in the comedy central show, which debuted its first season in .   key findings % of your rent.   keyla concepcion, a spokeswoman for the sheriff, said there are no plans to withdraw the award "because we don't want to prejudice the jury, even more so now."   keyondra white finished third in both the long jump and -meter dash, and was fourth in the triple jump.   key stakeholders were identified from south and central eleuthera to manage the program in the interim.   kezar pavilion ( to present): while kezar stadium has been chopped up, the adjacent kezar pavilion is frozen in time.   khalid did not give details or say where in malaysia the three were detained, when they will be formally charged, or what the charges would be.   khanal said the five men were arrested on wednesday and are in custody.   khodorkovsky is now living in switzerland.   kicking horse: great skiing up high, but it's getting tough to ski out.   kiddie care learning center reached degrees by o’clock thursday afternoon.   kidnappings were another large source of cash.   “kids are looking for instant engagement from the brands they love.”   "kids at this age may react to the smallest things with extremely brutal behavior and they don't necessarily understand the consequences of violence."   kidsquest’s factoria mall location sees about , people a year and sells about , annual memberships, according to shelley saunders, its director of advancement.   "kids stayed in their parents' home and others moved back into their parents' houses.   kids who were named after main characters on the show would share how their own stories helped them through tough times in school or through the loss of a loved one.   kiesza's viral video hit 'hideaway'   "kiev is simply trying to discipline the oligarchs.   kiev, ukraine (ap) — separatist leaders in eastern ukraine threatened wednesday to abandon a cease-fire following changes to a law granting their regions self-rule.   kiind cuts gift card waste, tracks purchases: dan misener happy cheapskate: have you checked your gift cards lately?   kikhtenko was earlier criticized by ukrainian president petro poroshenko for failing to ensure deadlines for the construction of fortifications in donetsk region.   kikla blamed sabum for the problems and delays.   killed more than , miles from her home.   killinger was allowed to keep amassing huge risks.   kilo is not the only tropical system roaming the central pacific.   kim also bogeyed the th, missing an -footer after driving through the green.   kimbetopsalis, estimated at m long, would have been covered in fur and possessed large molar teeth with rows of cusps used to grind down plants.   kim confirmed her little sister's beauty secret, telling u.k. beauty blog pixiwoo that kylie "only wears a lip liner, and then she fills it in. she doesn't wear a lipstick or a gloss."   kim davis, a born-again christian, has been in jail since thursday in kentucky for contempt of court after refusing to issue the licenses due to her opposition to gay marriage, which the us supreme court legalized across the united states in june.   kim has sold the family’s house, too lonely and sad and scared to live there alone.   kim is in her bedroom, the door shut.   kim jong il, said to be terrified of flying, brought the world to him through movies.   kim jong-un acts out again north korea’s kim jong-un has a reputation as a dangerously erratic young man, who is purging his military and testing new missiles to transport the nation’s nuclear weapons.   kim jong un and north korea's military photos kim sits in the pilot's seat of a fighter jet during the inspection.   kim jong un and north korea's military photos north korean soldiers patrol near the yalu river in april .   kim jong un and north korea's military photos kim visits the ministry of people's security in as part of the country's may day celebrations.   kim jong un and north korea's military photos north korean performers sit below a screen showing images of leader kim jong un in pyongyang in april .   kim ki-jong, , could also be charged with violating national security laws, police said friday.   kimono hiro inc. promotes kimono to the world market.   kim sanchez and sky gennette from glenns ferry are among those scheduled to travel to nasa's ames research center in california this summer as part of the idaho science and aerospace scholars program.   kim seng and his team have relevant expertise that we believe is integral to our growth as a company," said aaron.   kim told police he had stabbed lippert in protest at massive us-south joint army exercises currently underway.   "kind of had a rough finish yesterday," kaufman said.   kind of just throwing-in-the-towel kind of thing."   kind of odd, don't you think.   king, an immigration hard-liner, is well known to latinos for remarks like one claiming that most young border-crossers have "calves the size of cantaloupes because they're hauling pounds of marijuana."   king died may at age . his will names laverne toney to continue handling his affairs.   "king philippe nevertheless wants to continue with their joint efforts.   kings island’s new banshee roller coaster has been accepting riders for only a few days, but it is already among the nation's top roller coasters.   kings was acquired by the city in because of nonpayment of taxes, and it took two more decades to raise the $ million for the restoration.   king won the nobel peace prize for his nonviolent campaign toward civil rights and social justice that same year; at the time he was the youngest to do so.   kirby said that once the training program gets up and running it may require additional u.s. forces to assist with the instruction.   kissinger then reminisced about vietnam, reminding gerson that incentives offered through negotiations must be backed up by credible threats of an unrestrained nature.   kiss the deck instead of kissing a rock."   kitler, a kitten small enough to fit in a cup with a remarkable resemblance to hitler is looking for a home after being found abandoned at the side of a busy road.   kitschke said the contribution to the australian economy is the money that is paid to the driver; dastyari however, brushed this off saying it is the tax avoidance of the parent company that is under questioning, not the individual driver.   kitty (becca tobin, second from l) has a slumber party in the "glease" episode of "glee."   kitty mcgeever, stephen lewis and shirley stelfox - actors kitty mcgeever became the first blind actress to have a starring role in a british soap, emmerdale.   kizer shines: notre dame suffered what seemed to be a huge blow when starting quarterback malik zaire suffered a season-ending ankle injury the second game of the season.   klaus stoehlker, who advised blatter during the recent election campaign, told sky news that blatter could remain head of world soccer's governing body if a "convincing candidate" to replace him did not emerge.   klein: which is, of course, a good thing.   klement sausage co. is suing johnsonville sausage in federal court for trademark infringement.   klos: yes, we wanted to create a kind of olympic village at the world cup.   kluber, last season's al cy young winner, has strikeouts in innings over his last two outings.   kluber, the reigning american league cy young award winner, allowed just one hit in the victory, a welcome turnaround in what had so far been a tough season.   km marina baru b boat was en route from kolaka of southeast sulawesi to siwa seaport of south sulawesi.   knapp will ask state lawmakers for an independent evaluation of state law that allows the rate increases and recommend that the legislature find financial relief for customers.   knighten added yards.   knight was sent to prison for nearly five years for badly beating a rival with shakur at a las vegas hotel, just hours before shakur was fatally shot while riding in knight's car in .   knotty tie co. is a team of young creative types who make ties of any width and length, including bow ties and pocket squares.   knowingly the victims family was looking for him, use the murdered ones vehicle & clothing?   knowing right away if the plant is male or female now prevents growers from spending time and money cultivating a plant that won't sell.   knowing that parents play a critical role in helping children establish good money habits, we’ve recently added a new families & money section to the better money habits website to help prepare parents for these conversations.   knowing this, large taxi fleets are notorious for abusing and mistreating their drivers.   knowing two or more languages helps a person to develop additional literacies, whilst enhancing and enriching his own native language by encouraging interaction and communication.   "knowles claimed that he gets the scripts directly from the actors."   known as calliope slim, watts was something of a folk outlaw in and around the calliope projects, where he earned a reputation as an enforcer for local drug gangs.   known as the "godfather of the taliban," hamid gul remained an islamist ideologue until his death.   known for his booming voice and gregarious manner, blessed found fame in bbc tv series z-cars and later went on to star in flash gordon and kenneth branagh's much ado about nothing.   knox and sollecito were arrested after kercher was found dead in a pool of blood in the apartment the two women shared in the university town of perugia, with as many as knife wounds over her half-naked body.   kobe bryant said playing on the us olympic team in rio would make a "beautiful" ending to … "i would have loved to have played overseas but it's not going to happen.   koch said 'gimmegate', as the incident was later described by the bbc, was all the incentive the americans needed to stage a remarkable comeback from - down to snatch victory by / points to /.   koch was also a solheim vice-captain herself in and spent time watching victorious ryder cup captain paul mcginley at close quarters last year as the irishman's european team thumped the best u.s. men's golf had to offer at gleneagles, scotland.   koen said that the steenkamps still plan on meeting pistorius face-to-face as part of their healing process.   kohl's said it would offer same-day deliveries in boston, brooklyn/queens, los angeles, miami, northern new jersey, and philadelphia in the coming weeks.   kohl was a longtime leader as well.   komo finally figured out how to have a mistake free article.   konketiyawa, sri lanka (ap) — a mystery kidney disease is killing sri lankan farmers.   kony became internationally well-known in when a u.s.-based advocacy group produced a widely viewed video.   "koosh kept a google spreadsheet where he would manually input his trades and watch list of stocks," sethuram says.   korver deposited seven points in the run.   korver knocked down three straight -pointers to get the east to within -, but westbrook scored six points in the final seconds, including a two-handed dunk at the buzzer.   ko said that his objective was “to enhance transparency to ensure that city development projects will not run into trouble after a change in city administration.”   kouachi got a three-year sentence but was quickly released because of time served awaiting trial.   kourtney kardashian is sighted on september , in miami, florida.   koval declined to comment on robinson's record.   kozak was clean shaven in previously issued photographs, but the latest surveillance footage shows he has grown a goatee.   kp, stokes & bopara?" the australian wrote on twitter.   krafcik said in a tweet that he'll be joining google later this month.   kraftwerk, founded in , are credited with paving the way for acts ranging from depeche mode, new order and human league to coldplay and daft punk.   krasnov says that even the large, anti-islam protests in dresden and leipzig in recent months have given him a "queasy" feeling.   kraut has since found another winner for springsteen in davendy s., a -year-old mare she spotted at a show in madrid last may.   kreative approach productions los angeles, california e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said that russia aims to spend less on its missile-defense system than the united states has done.   ks> likely saw january-march earnings slip for the sixth straight quarter, but investors are betting on a rebound this year on healthy chip sales and high hopes for its new flagship smartphones.   k.smithson photography k.smithson photography the couple, who has been together for two years, eloped in september and then hosted a surprise wedding in october to celebrate with their family and friends.   ktla says authorities have offered few details as to how the remains were discovered or how the infant died, due to the ongoing nature of the investigation.   ktvb news reports that -year-old christopher lynn wirfs appeared in ada county court monday on charges of aggravated battery, use of a deadly weapon and unlawful possession of a firearm.   kudloo said she hopes that a part of the action plan will include funding social services that can help fight the legacy of trauma.   kumite consists of three-minute sparring for men, and two-minute matches for women.   kurdish forces fight back the assyrians are a proud people who've overcome a lot in their history.   "kurt cobain: montage of heck" tells the story of the lead singer of the influential rock band nirvana, who committed suicide at his home in seattle on april , .   kurt volker: i think there are a couple of issues here that we really need to bring out.   kusa-tv reports that a man who had owned boozer, a boxer, recently moved to denver and gave the dog to foothills animal shelter in golden, colorado, on aug. . the man said he was unable to take care of boozer.   kuznick said the primary aim of the exhibition is to portray the human suffering caused by the atomic bombings that ushered in an era in which absolute destruction of the planet became possible and “nobody’s future is guaranteed anymore.”   kvitova never presented schmiedlova with a break opportunity in the -minute match, while the czech star converted five of her nine break chances.   kyle lowry had a double-double with points and boards and added seven assists for the raptors (-), who were down to nine players by the second half.   kyle, who died tragically in early , belies easy summary.   labour also needs to address its "credibility deficit" on the economy and broaden its appeal "to include the successful, the self-employed and entrepreneurs, and the over s", the group says.   labour hopes galloway has met his match in bradford-born shah, who began her campaign by telling her remarkable life story in an article for a local newspaper.   labour party leader jeremy corbyn, a veteran backbench member of parliament, was elected earlier this month on a pledge to involve the party’s general membership more closely in policy and eschew the central policy discipline of recent decades.   labour said it was "time the government shook off its complacency".   labour's first election poster claims that the tories want to cut public spending to s levels when, they add, there was no nhs.   labour’s parliamentary candidate clair hawkins hopes deal cllr bob frost 'doesn't remain a councillor for much longer' after posting offensive tweets.   labrie was accused of raping the then--year-old freshman in a tradition at st. paul's called the "senior salute," where seniors strive for sexual conquests with younger students.   lacayo and another undisclosed person are still missing and presumed dead.   lackey, lester and ross helped the red sox win the world series in .   lack of diversification statistically, canadians are very overweight in canadian stocks, bonds and mutual funds and it is hurting our returns.   lack of material growth in non-opec (ex us) supply supports the expectation of tighter oil market by end .   lacsa wasn't wrong, it was definitely clogged—but with a -foot colombian rainbow boa constrictor.   ladies and gentlemen, this is a year of transition.   lady kitty is the oldest child of charles spencer, who was princess diana’s brother, and former model victoria lockwood.   la familia michoacana - based in the michoacan state.   lafferty says he and kristi strack fell in love, something her husband was aware of and didn't mind.   lagarde said governments also need to step up structural economic reforms that would prevent another financial catastrophe similar to the credit crisis in .   lagnado created dove's "campaign for real beauty" and spent more than years at consumer products maker unilever plc.   lahiri, though, was already eyeing improvements.   laist regrets this error.   lakes (-) was led by rakeem hughey () and nic seay ().   lake tekapo, new zealand photo by hiroyasu kato/snapwire.   la liga has the two best players in the world in cristiano ronaldo (pictured) and lionel messi.   • lamarcus aldridge scored points, leading portland to a - victory at houston.   lambert has been charged with being an inmate in possession of marijuana.   lam: in some ways i feel mcdonald’s pioneered that.   lander college in california has one of the few hero certification programs, and impossibly difficult program that only graduates ten students each year.   lang also said mccollom is fully cooperating with investigators.   langer and montgomerie have combined to win six of the previous seven senior major championships.   “language is the key to cultural heritage, and full language proficiency is based on listening, speaking, reading and writing competencies,” he said.   lapd investigators told abc that the woman and her boyfriend were known to deal drugs.   large numbers of starlings populate the vast cereal growing agricultural lands in eastern romania, feeding on the seeds already laid in the ground.   “larger companies have full-blown campaigns to reach people,” williamson said.   larrondo says cuba's love for terry fox shows that his message transcends borders, as does the fight against cancer.   ‘larrymania’ reality-tv star in real trouble in s. carolina originally published october , at : pm the latino singer larry hernandez became famous performing “narcocorridos,” the vivid ballads that chronicle the drug trade with bravado.   lashley, who was born in barbados, sees canadians as “a big old family” whose members bicker among themselves, but fiercely defend one another when facing a common threat.   last autumn, the libyan terror group islamic youth shura council in derna joined forces with is, but that port city is surrounded by government troops, limiting the group's movement.   last but not least, also on tuesday, fung tu on the lower east side will kick off its new winter noodles & soup/fried rice and beer special, available sundays, tuesdays and wednesdays from open until close.   last fall, dessau-cima+ engineers assessed the six-lane, six-kilometre-long bridge's support beams for the report just publicly released.   last fall, it hired de nysschen, one of the industry’s most prominent leaders, who helped lead audi of america to sales heights before nissan chose him to lead its infiniti division from offices in hong kong.   lasting legacy of war after years of war, us-led nato forces ended their combat mission in afghanistan in december, leaving behind a ,-strong residual force for training and counter-terrorism operations.   lastly, consider bugging in vs. bugging out.   last march, for example, putin oversaw the largest arctic war games ever: , russian troops, surface ships and submarines along with aircraft.   last month, cuba and the u.s. agreed to work to restore normal diplomatic relations as part of a deal in which cuba freed an imprisoned u.s. aid worker along with an imprisoned spy working for the u.s. and the imprisoned dissidents.   last month, fifa ethics judge joachim eckert released his -page summary of the report, essentially clearing russia to host the world cup and qatar to host the tournament.   last month, officials announced that they would expand the search area for flight by another , square kilometers (, square miles) in the indian ocean if the plane was not found by the end of may.   last month, the crown prosecution service dropped the case against a -year-old man driving a third car, who was arrested on suspicion of causing the deaths by dangerous driving.   last month the epa approved the sale of two new general motors diesel pickup trucks - the gmc canyon and chevrolet colorado - after finding no improper emissions.   last month, the head of the ontario public service employees union spoke in favour of selling marijuana at lcbo stores should legalization move ahead, citing the facilities already in place and the secure warehouse and distribution system.   last month, the our summoned executives of flow after the utilities regulator recorded a per cent increase in the number of service disruption complaints reaching its office.   last month they won a popular vote to represent finland in the vienna finals and have since been touted as one of the favorites to follow austrian drag queen conchita wurst's triumph last year.   last night, his image lit up the empire state building in new york city.   last october, he apologized after being arrested on charges of resisting officers and malicious injury to property after a confrontation at the tree city comic con in boise, idaho.   last season pacioretty had goals and assists in regular-season games.   last september, the u.s. treasury department placed batirashvili — who now calls himself omar al shishani and is believed by some to be islamic state's chief of military operations — on its list of "specially designated global terrorists."   last sunday, to show further solidarity with the victims, the saudi ambassador to france joined other world leaders in paris for a unity rally to celebrate free speech.   last week . % nearly half of american homebuyers don’t take the time to shop around for the best deal on a mortgage, according to government statistics.   last week, -year-old martin’s father took the stand and described the moment he knew his boy was not going to make it.   last week, bobby brown's lawyer refuted reports that family members were saying their goodbyes: "if we issued a statement every time the media published a false report regarding this matter, that's all we would be doing hours a day.   last week, flint said some children had elevated levels of lead in their blood.   last week, former territorial mla hunter tootoo was confirmed as the liberal candidate for nunavut.   last week google unveiled a breakthrough project that could boost solar panel installations across the states.   last week, however, vmob management expressed frustration at its market valuation and announced plans to shift its head office to san francisco in response.   last week, hydro-québec, along with the cree construction and development company, began the four-year process of decontaminating the site.   last week it sold $. billion in debt at very favorable interest rates.   last week, officials say a dead squirrel was thrown from a passing vehicle and a raccoon carcass was left hanging from a nearby road sign.   last week's deadly attacks on french satirical magazine charlie hebdo and a jewish supermarket in paris that killed people has fueled fears of assaults on similar targets in other european countries.   last week's episode also featured a husband and wife from kent as rich hibberd and jody read, from queenborough, got hitched.   last week, the album was not in the top of billboard's album chart, though it is no. this week.   last week, the canadian press reported that while the prime minister might have had his makeup done alongside duffy in on one of their many appearances together, a government source said the taxpayer didn't pick up the tab for that type of service.   last week, the church called on state legislatures to pass new laws that protect gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people from discrimination but also to protect the rights of those who assert their religious beliefs.   last week the fa's newly appointed bme boss wayne allison said he wanted to increase the number of black coaches.   last week, the government announced it bought four trailers for over a quarter of a million us dollars to provide temporary housing to victims displaced by hurricane joaquin.   last week the government in mogadishu issued bounties for top leaders of the shebab, with $, offered for the extremist's chief, ahmad umar.   last week the supreme court ordered a lower court to review its conviction of former spy chief won sei-hoon, who was jailed for three years on charges of illegally engaging in political acts.   last week, the town locked out its municipal workers after an agreement could not be reached between the two sides.   last week, thompson was one of three nurses awarded the award of excellence in nursing by health canada.   last week was a must-win game.   last year, nights were sold online only, but this year, all performances will have a share of tickets available on the internet.   last year, million tourists visited berlin - an unprecedented number.   last year, people died in collisions near construction sites in quebec, most of them construction workers.   last year, after petitions from animal groups, the fish and wildlife service proposed listing lions as “threatened” under the endangered species act and to limit lion imports to those coming “from countries with a scientifically sound management plan.”   last year alone, more than , women delivered at unfpa facilities in northeast nigeria, but not all of those cases have been confirmed as pregnancies related to the boko haram kidnappings.   last year, a saudi man stabbed a canadian citizen while he shopped in a mall with his family in the eastern province.   last year, asylum requests rose percent to more than ,, and the government expects that number to more than double this year.   last year, cdc officials found many doctors do not prescribe the drug, so you may have to ask for it.   "last year, coming off surgery on my back and trying to get back and trying to get my feels back, meanwhile trying to making a swing change all at the same time was very difficult.   last year, discussions about hbo now grew more serious, as time warner’s higher-ups debated whether the company should build its own netflix-like service.   last year, egypt's powerful lawyers union criticized shehata for "disparaging" and "terrorizing" douma's defense team after the judge referred five of the team's six lawyers to prosecutors for investigation.   last year, in -, it was more like two to three million dollars," said brenda simmons, acting general manager of the p.e.i. potato board.   last year in april, the florida department of health sent a team of expert heart doctors to st. mary's to review the children's heart surgery program.   last year, joe garcia, a cuban-american congressman from florida, caused controversy when he signalled that he might be in favor of ending the trade embargo against cuba.   last year kent county council introduced a new form of the test which education chiefs hoped would limit the advantages of private coaching.   last year, macaulay became the longest-serving federal politician in island history.   last year’s awards show reached over . million people on espn networks, up % in total viewers and up % in men ages -.   last year's blitz by the islamic state, which swept through key areas in the north and west to seize about a third of iraq, has pushed the country into its worst crisis since the withdrawal of u.s. troops.   last year’s estimate for trust fund depletion was .   last year, the . million-member united methodist church, which has rejected churchwide divestment, revealed plans to sell holdings in gs, which provides security equipment and has contracts with israel's prison system.   last year, the council rejected a palestinian resolution demanding an end to israeli occupation within three years.   last year, the government placed spending limits on most departments and imposed a hiring freeze on every second government vacancy, but those measures have only mitigated spending, not reduced it overall.   last year, the los angeles city council considered a citywide lottery system for local elections in an effort to reverse a downward trend in voter participation.   last year, the oakland raiders sacked coach dennis allen after his team was embarrassed - in london by philbin's dolphins.   last year, the organization forced montgomery, alabama to adopt new policies to avoid incarcerating people who couldn't afford traffic tickets.   last year, there were , veterinarian hospitals nationwide.   last year, the state spent $ million on the cause, which is $ million short of what a centers for disease control and prevention study recommended for an adequate effort, state secretary of health john wiesman said.   last year, turkey closed down access to youtube and twitter after a series of leaked recordings suggested corruption by people close to president recep tayyip erdogan.   "last year we welcomed over million americans to our shores," the cto said in a statement, "an opportunity to substantially increase that number will be welcomed."   last year, when sales and profits dropped, rents accounted for more than percent of mcdonald's total revenue.   las vegas would help fix current conference imbalance of teams in the east and in the west.   late goals and lampard offer city hope frank lampard is a chelsea legend but he has scored some vital goals for city this season, including the equaliser when the teams drew - earlier this season.   late last month, peruvian hydrologist abraham levy warned that el nino's high temperatures could harm export crops such as mangos and asparagus.   late last month, the french-based charity doctors without borders (msf) accused the coalition of bombing one of its hospitals in the rebel-held saada area, an incident condemned by un chief ban ki-moon.   "late-night online shopping, always.   later, amphibious tracked vehicles, called hagglunds, will tow ground-penetrating radar to measure ice thickness.   later, cortana will be available as a standalone app, usable on phones and tablets powered by apple inc's (aapl.   later in a long speech to civic leaders, pope francis apologised for the actions of the catholic church against indigenous peoples during the conquest and colonisation of the americas.   later in life these babies are also at higher risk for diabetes, obesity and metabolic syndrome.   later in the day, the university system's board of curators called a special meeting for monday morning on campus in columbia, missouri.   later sunday, during a speech at simpson college in iowa, sanders called for the united states to work with russia, saudi arabia and iran in combating isis.   later that month, it approved a much larger package worth $ billion.   later, the russian defense ministry confirmed the accident, ria novosti wrote.   later this spring, keats will ascend a harrowing set of wooden stairs inside the dusty steeple, position the camera and open its shutter, beginning what he believes will be history's longest exposure.   later, we rendezvous with the esperanza, a -foot jeunneau sun odyssey, at a mooring in a quiet bay similarly enclosed by limestone karsts.   latest australian news rakon said it is capturing strong growth from g deployments of new base station equipment, which contributed to an increase in earnings from its joint venture, centum rakon india, up nz$. million for the period to nz$. million.   latest australian news such message boards, bulletin board systems (bbs), play a large role in the thriving japanese cybercriminal underground economy, trend micro claims.   latest momseveryday news the art of the handwritten note is the art of the handwritten note dying?   late wednesday, fifa issued a statement on behalf of blatter where the president insisted he was determined to root out misconduct.   latter & blum realtors has the property listing at gov. nicholls st., for $. million.   lauda persuaded hamilton to quit mclaren for mercedes in .   lauderdale to freeport (daily) is now in discussions aimed at relocating its call centre operations to grand bahama.   laughter and play intertwining with the very real possibility of a violent death, hanging like a shadow, towering over youthful heights.   laura bush's library foundation was among the groups that helped it rebuild.   laura haim of canal plus said on msnbc sources told her one terrorist was shot by a sniper and a woman wearing a suicide belt blew herself up after being approached by police.   lau was stabbed six times with a meat cleaver in broad daylight in february last year, just weeks after he was removed from his position and replaced with an editor deemed to be pro-beijing.   lavrov said russia was closely following the situation in iraq as well as afghanistan, but that so far only syria had asked for direct support.   law enforcement from three different agencies arrived, and vidal was shot.   law enforcement groups say such data tracking is unnecessary and would distract from keeping communities safe.   law enforcement officials surrounded the home, believing the shooter was inside, tummond said.   law left the board meeting without comment.   lawmakers also were expected to ask why the va paid more than $, in relocation costs on behalf of the philadelphia office's new director, diana rubens, for her move from va headquarters in washington, d.c., last summer.   lawmakers are intent on ensuring that schools continue to use annual standardized tests to measure student performance.   lawmakers had tried before to void the old formula but fallen short, usually over disagreements over how to pay for a new reimbursement system.   lawmakers imposed several conditions on their support for the reforms.   lawmakers in parliament's foreign affairs committee are due to discuss possible air strikes on tuesday.   lawmakers in south carolina are debating whether to r..   lawmakers on capitol hill say perez has taken a noticeably hands-on approach to the job and is in close contact with members.   lawmakers questioned clinton about the security failures during the benghazi, libya, attacks that led to the death of four americans, including u.s. ambassador christopher stevens.   lawmakers who attended the meeting at the independent national electoral commission (inec) said the talks about postponement came after a recommendation from national security advisor sambo dasuki.   "law night extends our hours and makes it possible to speak to more people seeking guidance in their time of need."   lawrence auger, the manager of l'académie on crescent street, said the change came at the request of customers.   lawrence is currently shooting joy, in which she portrays miracle mop inventor joy mangano.   lawrence was originally slated to earn percent, though she and co-star amy adams ultimately only ended up receiving percent.   lawyer hs phoolka also said that sc did not put a stay and has issued notice and asked delhi government to give the answer.   lawyers speculated whether any aggrieved members would launch legal action against the company, which claims to be the world's second-largest dating website behind match.   lawyer xavier carette told belgian broadcaster rtbf that abdeslam returned from paris to brussels on saturday morning after being stopped by french police three times along the way.   laylin delorme, , colton steinhauer, , and a -year-old boy who cannot be named are each charged with two counts of first-degree murder, robbery with a prohibited restricted firearm, being disguised with intent and other offences.   layne began his career as a lineman for united telephone in november , working with a five-man line crew in monette.   ﻿layne morris layne morris, what is your reaction to this news from edmonton that omar kadhr is being granted bail?   lcbo and beer stores will be closed on monday.   lea berman, who held the social secretary job for a couple of years under president george w. bush, said the upcoming week would test anyone, with five months or five years of experience.   lea berman, who served as white house social secretary under president george w. bush and welcomed leaders from australia and india, said white house events are always different even though they follow a similar format.   leadbetter said dal believes in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, citing the environmentally sustainable fund option for prospective donors, which was approved by dalhousie's board of governors in november .   leaders and climate negotiators from almost countries are meeting from nov. to dec. to try to work out the broadest and longest-lasting deal so far to slow global warming.   leaders from across the globe have been congratulating him after he defied predictions to win a majority.   leaders of fifa's six continental governing bodies have traditionally directed their members how to vote in fifa presidential elections, but it is unclear how effective they are.   leaders will also discuss greece, which hasn't yet reached a deal with european creditors after delaying a payment to the international monetary fund.   leading scorer tom heinemann's departure isn't weighing too heavily on the mind of new ottawa fury coach paul dalglish.   leaf packages are untied to reveal the corn mash inside.   league rushing leader demarco murray, tackle tyron smith and wide receiver dez bryant also made it.   leah came up with the idea of an easy-to-use baking kit back in after her kids wanted to make some cookies at home.   leake described the cardinals as a "dynasty."   leaked photos posted on social media sites — combined with the political influence of israeli nationalists monitoring the site — drew extra attention and fueled the latest controversy.   learn about all five types of annoying travelers in the video above, then dream of throwing each and every one of them out of the plane the next time you're stuck with them at a cruising altitude of , feet.   learn about pr newswire services request more information about pr newswire products and services or call us at () -.   "learning the story of the treatment of parrots took me back to my bullied childhood, especially in the sixties.   learn something new about their situation.   leases have some major disadvantages.   leave it there; you need to give the computer in the register and the chip in your card a chance to have a little talk.   leave it to veteran, mauritanian filmmaker abderrahmane sissako (bamako) to boil a complicated social phenomena down to a simple allegorical tale that's as educational and spiritual as a biblical passage.   lebanese soldiers fired artillery, drove through the hills of the bekaa valley, and flew over the area in helicopters.   lebanon's hezbollah shi'ite militia openly fights on behalf of assad's government, and the quds force, part of iran's elite revolutionary guards, is also widely believed to be aiding damascus.   lebanon's national news agency confirmed yaacoub's arrest and said it had sparked protests and road closures in east lebanon.   lebanon soldiers die in border clash syria air strike 'kills dozens' clutter epidemic the hazards of drowning in too much stuff the gulf ruler who played nazi broadcasts at full volume canine villains?   lebron james had points, five assists and six rebounds in his first game in indianapolis since last season's eastern conference finals with miami.   lebron james, without his customary energy for most of the night, led the cavaliers with points, rebounds and nine assists.   leclair lost the seat in the election to hal perry by just votes.   le coq rico, rue lepic rue lepic, paris, paris france; bar a rillettes terroir parisien superstar chef yannick alleno has added a rillettes bar to his deli celebrating produce from in and around paris.   led by pilot alysia rissling, the crew of julia corrente, courtenay farrington and josee thoret, placed seventh out of eight sleds in the competition, which is one level below world cup.   ledecky tore off one of her two swim caps and smashed the water with her hand in celebration.   led lighting sales increased about percent last year and are expected to expand another percent this year, needham & co analyst edwin mok wrote in a report on dec. last year.   lee also accused the committee of being politically biased, saying that three members of the subcommittee charged with investigating the case had worked for prominent democratic progressive party (dpp) political figures.   "lee formed monster to bring better audio cables to the market, improving the sounds of all speakers, recording consoles, and video systems."   leef said he felt so strongly about it that he broke ranks with his party and was the only conservative to vote for an inquiry during the last sitting of parliament.   lee man-hee, who previously worked with lee on : into the fire, has written the script.   "lee then returned and shot chin, and then shot trail several more times."   left a quadriplegic, she didn’t lose her baby and, when she later delivered the child, named her destiny.   left-hander tony cingrani relieved and walked pinch-hitter michael morse to force in a run.   legal databases and media accounts turn up only a few misbehavior cases since , when fighting began in afghanistan, followed by iraq less than two years later.   legal notice-glenn heights--- notice to contractors the city of glenn heights is accepting bids for right-of-way, easement and abatement mowing.   legal process milley is reviewing the results of an investigation by maj. gen. kenneth r. dahl, and there is no estimated timeline for a decision.   leggett spent the summer volunteering at a suno summer camp for adolescents.   legislation that affirms the reality of these consequences, that takes our evidence-based data and translates it into legislation, would be a strong start in the right direction to bring an end to domestic violence.   legislative director amber kirby talley receives a pipe from eidinger.   legislators scheduled a vote for wednesday afternoon to override ricketts' veto; it's expected to be a close vote.   lego already has factories in denmark, hungary, czech republic and mexico.   legos come from a small town called billund, the closest thing denmark has to the middle of nowhere.   lehane of airbnb said the company is “happy to have a level playing field and pay our fair share of hotel taxes.   lehman helped arnold palmer design the course, which is in blaine, minn. grant waite, scott dunlap and p.h. horgan iii were tied for second place.   leipzig, germany today, mostly cloudy high ° low ° search for location / city an unexpected error occurred, please try again.   lemay said they called ahead to book their return home with the stm's adapted transport, but when the night went longer than expected they called back to arrange a later departure.   "lemmy was motorhead, but the band will live on in the memories of many," he told sweden's expressen newspaper.   lemond: keep the ban u.s. cycling great greg lemond has rejected calls for lance armstrong’s life ban to be reduced, saying “if there’s anybody who deserves a ban, it’s this guy.”   lena auerbuch/huffington post tlc and soleil moon-frye t-boz and chilli of tlc cross paths with soleil moon-frye on the huffpost live set on oct. , .   lenders will also require this coverage.   "lengthier asylum procedures and a deterioration in labour market integration could boost the costs significantly," said christoph schmidt, head of the panel.   lenovo ceo yuanqing yang said on the company's feb. earnings conference call: we will maintain motorola as an independent brand and organization, so that they can keep this strong momentum.   lenovo confirmed to cnet that lanci had made the remarks concerning the surface pro . a spokeswoman for microsoft said the company does not disclose the terms of partnerships and won't offer comment on confidential conversations with partners.   lenovo is not currently considering outsourcing to foxconn in india, he said.   leon and his colleagues all over the world are trying to cross-breed crops with robust wild varieties to produce highly productive domesticated plants.   leonard sumner joins me, rosanna deerchild, on unreserved to talk about how he found his song and why he says music is his medicine.   leo sharp, an indiana resident, admitted to serving as a cocaine courier for a mexican drug cartel and was sentenced in may to months in prison, followed by three years of supervised release.   le pen, now president of the anti-immigrant national front, was accused of inciting religious hatred against muslims for comments she made in , when she compared muslims praying in the street to germany's occupation of france in world war ii.   le pen's national front (fn) has seen a surge of popularity in the northeast of france, which is burdened by especially high unemployment levels.   leslie miley recently wrote about a lack of diversity at twitter.   leslie street and finch avenue will be reduced to one lane, so drivers can expect some congestion during this event.   l'espagnol couldn't wait to buy the issue, he paid for an online copy and downloaded it.   less-detailed information as part of the same subpoena, the government has asked banamex for less-detailed information on about a dozen other companies.   less means there is more opportunity for your brand to stand out using print.   less than u.s. special forces troops will be deployed to kurdish-controlled areas in syria to help kurdish and arab fighters with planning and logistics, the white house said, while insisting that the u.s. troops don't have a combat mission in syria.   "less than two weeks away from hopeful reunification with her child.   "let me be really clear, we have every right to invade the privacy of terrorists and those we think want to do us harm - but we should not equate that with invading the privacy of every single person in the uk.   let me tell you why i don't believe you because you are going to spite her for it," she said.   let's address the first claim (that if you are a christian, you are excused from helping others if doing so might put your family in danger).   let's be honest and face the fact that serious things are happening to our earth, which have implications well beyond simply ecology."   let's be honest, cheryl's arrival on the 'x factor' scene in series five really helped catapult the show to iconic status.   let's call it development aid for china.   "let's face it, it adds to the excitement, it adds to the drama.   "let's face it — they got a windfall they never should have gotten in the first place."   lets flashback to the august kursk disaster.   let's hear it," he said this week.   let's just stop for a moment and think what this actually means.   let's rip out the boardwalk.   "let's say the person does sober up the next day and says 'you know what?   let’s see if we can get some proper chatham banter going.   let's start with farah abraham.   let's start with the fact that the current -d craze had an earlier, lamer wave in the 's and this was its nadir.   let’s start with the fact that we … are home to the biggest name in the sport.   let's take a look at what's new in each update. ios . resolves issues that could prevent turning on icloud music library.   letters was interviewed via email by the am-pol eagle.   let the filming begin!   let them know how long they'll be able to stay at home rent-free, when they're expected to find a job and when they'll need to contribute financially to the household.   "let them not say we have no clean drinking water, that the country is encircled, that we cannot stand on our feet," said rezaie, adding "that the message of the martyrs" was that iran will never surrender.   “let them say, ‘the magistrate is talking about things that did happen, that the army came to inspect the station,’ and let them leave some space to admit that maybe they had something to do with it,” he said.   let us please stop pretending trump suddenly began being outrageous and offensive june , , when he declared his candidacy for president.   "let us pray this will be the last tragedy for surabaya."   let us start with the state of the world.   let us strip down the spin and take this back to basics.   levant, who completed the work for duffy prior to joining sun's now defunct news network, is expected to deliver his testimony by video link.   leviathan is upon us!   levon t. sarkisyan, allegedly broke into a connecticut home and smashed statues and furniture, because he claimed god told him to do it, according to police.   lew also did not rule out the idea that similar partnerships are in the pipeline.   lewis beale writes about culture and film for the los angeles times, newsday and other publications.   lewis co-founded convoy in april with former amazon.com co-worker grant goodale and started operating in stealth mode in september.   lewiston police arrested jordan fuller for vehicular manslaughter and suspected drunk driving.   lewis, who has previously been vocal about his experiences in selma, took to twitter on saturday, to share them yet again -- only this time, he recalled his vivid recollection of the march through a powerful series of tweets.   lexington interfaith community services was presented with a $, check during the game to go toward the organizations flood relief efforts.   lg began sales of the flagship g smartphones in south korea on wednesday and they will hit shelves in global markets in coming months.   lgbt rights in countries photos supporters of gay rights attend the annual canal parade -- a gay pride week event -- in amsterdam, netherlands, in august, .   lg electronics, lg display's big brother and biggest client, has set a dual-track strategy for this year to both promote oled and lcd tvs, while highlighting the former.   liam was nowhere to be seen among the top five.   liberal democrat leader nick clegg alongside mark hunter as they meet joanne thompson with six week old son leo during a visit to the millie's trust charity in cheadle while on the general election campaign trail.   liberia's last two ebola patients recover, leave hospital a health worker injects a woman with an ebola vaccine during a trial in monrovia, february , .   libi and saudi co-defendant khalid al-fawwaz had pleaded not guilty to conspiracy charges.   libimax sells for $. per pill.   libya high hopes for libya talks in rome delegates from libya, the un, and other global powers have gathered in italy to broker a deal for a unity government.   libya is just one of the proving grounds.   "libya is our problem," said one tunisian security source.   libyan factions agreed to continue u.n.-backed negotiations in geneva next week, the u.n. said.   libya's turmoil is an increasing concern for european leaders as islamic state militants gain ground there and smugglers take advantage of the chaos to ship thousands of illegal migrants across the mediterranean sea to europe.   licata worked as an activist before running for office.   licho escamilla, , is scheduled for lethal injection wednesday evening for the november death of christopher kevin james outside a dallas club.   lies are a part of our culture and we deal with them every day.   lieutenant governor frank fagan presented friday's awards and thanked volunteers and parents for their support.   "life is picking back up," editor laurent sourisseau, better known as "riss," told le monde newspaper, who said the new edition tackled "all the things and people who annoy us."   life is sweet, but only if you get there early.   life on tanna island a few of the village elders have actually spent time in new york and london.   life policies and mortgage insurance are exempt.   lifestyles are more colourful, parties drag on way into the next day and the rules are laxer than in the rest of the country.   life took over and i ended up on the path that i'm on.   light blue is third highest.   lighthouse matters crowdfunding aims to save n.s. landmarks but whatever you call it, non-profit community groups across nova scotia have seized on it to try to and save their lighthouses.   light is taking discounted pre-orders for the next month, but the camera won't be available until late next summer.   lightning coach jon cooper credited smith-pelly and parenteau for “two great shots.”   light northerly winds and cooler temperatures are expected after the front passes.   lights were still blazing.   light the night walk- south sound sat leukemia & lymphoma society’s (lls) fundraising - mile walk with lanterns, p.m. saturday, marine park, ruston way, tacoma; free, donations/fundraising suggested (lightthenight.   "li heard (tong) complaining about li and saying things about him that were not nice," according to police records.   likability is code for ‘shut up and look good.'   li ka-shing will be the chairman of both companies.   likeable but not trustworthy.   like all surgery, it isn’t risk free, and bariatric operations in particular carry a risk of malnutrition.   like a stern school mistress, german chancellor angela merkel arrived in brussels on sunday to set the silly pupils straight.   like bill gates, steve jobs and mark zuckerberg, ms. holmes dropped out of college.   like fine wines, the best waves take time to mature.   like, follow and heart us as you desire!   like-for-like sales of food rose .%.   like getting those dang kids off your dang lawn.   like many americans, and many israelis, and many arabs—and many iranians—i would like to see this regime collapse on itself.   like many b.c. communities, if a dog bites someone in dawson creek, the dog is labelled as "vicious."   like many of the museum's other hundreds of aircraft, these three planes -- tacit blue, spare and the hanoi taxi -- contributed to history.   like many young people at the time, he expected his elders to push for a clean break with the past.   like my brother and sister before me, and my younger sister after, i had survived measles when i was about . my clearest memory of that time was being kept a dark room for about a week and the bright blue helium-filled balloon my mother brought me.   like nissen, she said there needs to be more research to get a definitive answer.   like other land speculators of the time, michigan businessman harold schwartz and a former partner doubled their money by selling home lots sight-unseen to northerners dazzled by the dream of a retirement paradise.   like, right now.   like the disconnect between male and female views of duty, love, family.   like the kenmore, it has an auto-restart feature if your power goes out.   like the rest of a woman's body, her hands change with time.   like the vivomini, you only get gb of onboard storage, but it comes with tb of onedrive space and a free year of office . . the intel compute stick ($).   like what you're reading?   like with cable and your cell phone, analyze your insurance needs.   lillie's advice when it comes to putting in a process around culture is to make it top-of-mind by writing it down and defining the norms about what's okay and what's not okay.   lil wayne and others were traveling on the two buses struck by gunfire on interstate in cobb county north of atlanta, but nobody was injured.   lily prekaski had a team-high digs and abby wolfe recorded assists for the roughriders.   lily was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.   lime had successfully staged a street football tournament in but will take a different approach to the competition this year.   • limiting financing you may have noticed ads that read “cash or conventional preferred.”   linda and her pets all died.   linda stanley, a halifax-based social worker, testified on thursday.   lindquist is already the subject of lawsuits filed by county employees and the subject of a recall effort.   lindsey graham's political career photos graham rushes to the senate chamber to vote on an attempt to override u.s. president barack obama's veto of the keystone xl pipeline legislation march , .   lindsey never backed away from it.”   lineups are announced and players are warming up.   ling obtained many core secrets of the party and the country in violation of party discipline and the law, xinhua said.   links golf usually affords him his best chance.   linton first baptist church is gearing up for vacation bible school "everest - conquering challenges with god's might power."   lionel is the last school on the western isles to offer primary education and the first two years at secondary level.   lionesses will not play at rio in 'devastating blow' to women's football sainsbury's covers fully-clothed gay magazine..   liow said he hoped that mh's legacy will be safer air travel, noting that the international civil aviation organisation (icao) has taken up malaysian calls to increase the tracking of airliners.   liriano (-), who is - in five career starts against los angeles, retired straight batters at one point after giving up a two-out double to third baseman justin turner in the first inning.   lisa clipping still doesn't know how her mother, marjorie clipping, died.   lisa hoehn rewrites profiles like this to turn people from boring into date-worthy.   lise crouch says police need to speak with the two men in question to rule out any criminal intent.   lise thibault's fraud trial suspended after seizure lise thibault, ex-quebec lieutenant-governor, testifies at her fraud trial lise thibault will be spending the weekend in jail pending her lawyer's request to appeal her sentence.   lisicki, who also holds the record for the fastest women’s serve — kph — hits her ground-strokes as hard as anyone on the wta tour too, which dragged a resilient and imaginative performance from her slovakian opponent.   listen, but don't get stopped by a critic.   listen here to louisa taylor from refugee on ottawa morning.   listen to ambrose below.   listen to @bennycunningham "-, baby.   listen to the first movement of the "afro latin jazz suite" above.   listeria is rare, but it's still the third-ranking cause of death from food poisoning in the united states.   listeriosis is a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria, and primarily affects the elderly, pregnant women, newborns and people with weakened immune systems, according to the cdc.   list new appliances and fixtures and present a binder with all instruction booklets and warranties.   lithium-ion batteries are ubiquitous in devices all over the world, ranging from cell phones to laptop computers and electric cars.   litigation takes the fun out of everything.   litterbusters crews have responded to reports with a per cent completion rate within targeted timeframes, and in the past two weeks alone have collected about tonnes of rubbish.   litters 'n critters has posted george's photo on its facebook page, hoping to identify who had george when he suffered his injures.   little did she know, she was about to make history.   little matter, it seems, that nobody actually needs a watch any more because we all have the time on our mobile phones.   little rock, arkansas (cnn) - former arkansas gov. mike huckabee declined wednesday to wade into the cultural discussion surrounding transgender issues, saying he'd rather spend time talking about job creation and national security.   little scientists, they have asked lots of questions about why doctors can't cure all diseases, and which ones exactly they can't cure.   live blogs china china's most famous artist abroad: who is ai weiwei?   live music is featured along the race course, helping to motivate runners and create a fun, festive atmosphere.   liverpool rejected a number of offers from city before accepting a bid.   liverpool returns to the scene of that season-ending rout with newly-installed leader jordan henderson at the helm as it begins an era without its once talismanic figure.   liverpool's northern irish manager brendan rodgers gestures during the english premier league fo … "of course he has had dips in form and performances but only because his standards are so high.   liverpool's raheem sterling cuts a frustrated figure in his side's matchup with arsenal.   live sask more streams riders fill-in coach bob dyce joins redblacks staff dyce was interim head coach for saskatchewan the canadian press posted: dec , : pm ct last updated: dec , : pm ct bob dyce is joining the ottawa redblacks.   live science reached out to the fda for comment, and the agency said that press releases "are written to be factual and non-promotional, with the intention of conveying as much information as possible to all of the audiences."   living in retirement getting help for one person, that's like passing up on a $, bonus.   li will be monitored closely, but that isn't the case for many others with the same mental disorder, which can cause confused thinking, hallucinations and an inability to distinguish what is and isn't real.   liza donnelly (image courtesy cxotalk) vala: high school lunchroom, the boys are together, and the girls are together.   liza minnelli has entered rehab, e! news has confirmed.   "liz's health has not been good lately," wrote best friend heather hills.   lj scott, a freshman, ran for yards on carries.   lloyd has refused to comment, but on facebook, he posted that his political career is not over.   lloyd's penalty kick in the th minute went into the right side of the goal less than minutes after celia sasic shot wide on a penalty kick for germany.   lm otero via facebook dallas -- melissa yassini and her -year-old daughter, sofia, spend some time every evening reading messages from the thousands of people who have told sofia not to be afraid just because she's muslim.   load more by ahmed rasheed baghdad (reuters) - iraqi troops have pushed deeper into the heart of the last remaining district held by islamic state in the city of ramadi, despite being slowed by bombs and booby traps, army spokesmen said on saturday.   l'obs on friday condemned the decision, with the magazine's director matthieu croissandeau telling afp: "this is an unacceptable attack on freedom of information and creates a real obstacle for journalism in china."   lobzhanidze will break the record held by american thretton palamo who was years and eight days old when he played south africa at the world cup.   local of the international association of machinists and aerospace workers, which represents the workers, did not sanction friday's job action.   local curricula do not focus on local challenges or promote local innovation.   local leaders and businesses including little rock mayor mark stodola, the little rock chamber of commerce, and acxiom corporation have released statements urging gov. hutchinson to veto the bill.   local leaders of the governing bharatiya janata party and activists opposed to the killing of cows criticized the police’s decision to bring murder charges.   local media reported that fighters from at least two other rebel armies had joined forces with the kokang guerillas to take on the government troops.   local ministry to host "a conversation with the hood" by: blake benberry - email updated: wed : pm, jun , by: blake benberry - email ministry/outreach is aiming to uplift the community through inspirational dialogue.   local naacp president erie patton says a lot of people are expressing their anger with the theater.   local news headlines kxly.com email newsletters sign up for breaking news, daily headlines, severe weather alerts & more!   local officials plan for classes to resume monday at scott's branch high school, where the local shelter is now.   local restaurants like danny’s venice, hama sushi, canal club, the venice whaler, the terrace, the sidewalk café and james’ beach offer specials throughout the night, too.   locals said they uncovered the remains of hundreds of shiite muslims allegedly executed by saddam hussein's regime after their uprising following the gulf war.   local stories say a german train left from the german city of breslau (today the polish city of wroclaw) in april and headed westward toward waldenburg (now walbrzych.) at some point in the -kilometer (-mile) journey it vanished.   local students say many of their peers are tempted to go to syria because they believe in a true islamic state there.   local vendors offer fresher products to several hundred million low-income consumers, and many supermarkets still do not have well-regulated supply chains or stable refrigeration systems to prevent contamination.   located in desert west park in southwest phoenix at rd avenue between virginia avenue and encanto boulevard.   located on the west coast, rakhine has suffered devastating floods and tropical storms, such as cyclone giri, which killed an estimated , people in .   locations included the group's mountainous stronghold in qandil.   lockdown after the shooting, authorities escorted about contest attendees to another room in the conference centre, where a woman held up an american flag, and the crowd sang god bless america.   locked in a tight playoff race in the western conference, the flames remain third in the pacific division, two points back of vancouver and two points up on los angeles.   lockheed said it looked forward to helping assess the technical maturity of various subsystems, reducing risks involved with weapon system engineering and working to lower the cost of operating the new aircraft.   logano retook the top spot when the race returned to green, and harvick soon joined him up front by passing keselowski.   log everything you need.   loggia gave an endearing comic performance in penny marshall's "big," when he danced with tom hanks on a giant piano keyboard.   logically, your first message to these people should be a welcome.   login or register to add your voice to the conversation.   login subscribe you are now leaving the seattle times.   logistics orchestration the transportation industry now equips trucks with sensors that track deliveries and routes, optimizing these routes for the fastest and safest delivery.   lois corbett, the executive director of the conservation council of new brunswick, says it's about time new brunswick caught up with the rest of the country and started recycling electronics.   loizides said that the flow of tourists mainly from russia, will keep several hotels open up to the end of march, when the new tourist season begins.   lomando was taken to a hospital for surgery.   lomonaco said it was possible there would not be an agreement for outright transparency at the cancun meeting, which ends on thursday.   london (afp) - mexico's president enrique pena nieto ended his three-day state visit to britain on thursday by overseeing the signing of deals that boost ties between the two countries in energy, including a $ billion oil agreement.   london (cnn)prince charles and his wife, camilla, duchess of cornwall, are to spend the next four days in the united states, visiting the nation's capital and louisville, kentucky.   london holds on to schott music and yamaha music london (formerly chappell of bond street).   london's benchmark ftse index ended the week down . percent at ,. points.   long a taboo in a country that only decriminalized homosexuality in , gay rights have been championed by all the main political parties.   "long balls happen, stringing hits together happens," gattis said.   long before "straight outta compton" there was "wild style" - hip hop's first feature film, released in .   long career doak started out as an analyst and later made a name for himself as a critic of canada's corporate elite who was unafraid to put chief executive officers on the spot.   long-established design decisions (at least in windows), like the location of internet explorer edge's address bar, remain the subject of experimentation.   "long live franco-chinese friendship," he added.   longshoremen dispute employer statistics that indicate their productivity has dropped and say employers are cutting back jobs to hurt workers and pressure negotiators for their union into a bad deal.   long-term interest rates are usually a strong barometer of the economy.   longueuil police said the situation started at about : a.m. et when a man entered a restaurant near the corner of saint-hélène street and curé poirier boulevard west.   look around the next time you're on a plane and you might see an inordinate volume of tomato juice being sipped.   look at that squad.   look at this car that got engulfed in mud in elizabeth lake.   "look chubsters, kelly clarkson had a baby a year ago," the -year-old tv personality tweeted.   look for both live lice and nits (egg casings).   look for the horse-drawn cart in pointe-st-charles montreal comiccon the art of cosplay are you paying too much rent?   looking across the courtyard, there are few visible signs of a rumored onslaught of eager citizens clamoring to help refugees.   looking ahead to the coming summer fighting season, breedlove said the insurgents will "try to prove that the afghans are not capable" as nato forces leave.   looking ahead, ward says landscaping a yard with native bushes and shrubs can make it a welcoming habitat for wintering birds.   looking at the track record of the company, she said, "yes.   looking down on earth, the terra satellite has also captured stunning images of hurricanes, volcanoes and other features of the planet.   'looking for a new purpose' the islamic scholar describes his religion as peaceful - in no way linked to violence or hate - which is why he finds the rise of salafism, and its emergence in prisons, troubling.   looking further ahead hill's are offering odds of - on spieth equalling or exceeding jack nicklaus' record of major wins.   looking toward the future, he intends to continue representing developers, builders, and companies in south florida to help the area grow and develop - and help build a strong sense of community.   "look on the map.   lookout is entering the enterprise market with a "new approach" to business security based on risk management and analytics.   looks as if lions might hang in there a bit longer, but tigers and bears- oh, my.   looks like a layer of hay," said raphael kudela, a professor of ocean sciences at the university of california, santa cruz.   looks like his secret deal is so secret, he can't even find it himself."   "looks like our luck is about to run out," said john paulsen as he gassed up his sport utility vehicle in new jersey.   looks like that video plea by the cast worked.   lord browne said companies would have to "slim down", warning "there will be some companies that go to the wall".   lord said that the company is "reviewing the announcement today" but is "very interested to exploring how monsanto and others in the agriculture industry to can help support these initiatives."   lorenz caffier, the chairman of the christian democratic union (cdu) in mecklenburg-western pomerania, told "bild" that he was "satisfied that the residency status of reem is clarified.   lorenzo ligato contributed to this report.   lori said that he seemed quiet and to himself.   lorraine markham also said her husband, bill markham, has been denied his legacy of creating the game after the other man, reuben klamer, took full credit for it.   los angeles police det. wallace tennelle gave his thoughts in a deposition.   los angeles police officer mike lopez says -year-old jayceon terrell taylor surrendered at the department's hollywood division at noon monday.   loser: cannes' dress code it's a weird year when the biggest controversy at cannes has nothing to do with the movies.   "losing a loved one is hard," he said.   losing greece, he said, would have been akin to losing "the heart of our civilization."   losing touch with what is visible, waging war in hild by joanne kelly, for cbc news posted: aug , : am ct last updated: aug , : pm ct what is the worst punishment you could inflict on a person whose only window to the world is touch?   loss of balance was the most common self-reported cause.   lots of choice in greece vote it hasn't happened in years, but nine parties hope to win seats in greece's parliamentary elections this sunday.   lots of good firms out there want to pay their staff a living wage, but unlike football clubs, don't have billions sloshing round.   louis héroux of the montreal police, the -year-old was shot at least once in the upper body around : a.m. his injuries are not life-threatening, héroux said.   lou milione told me that colombian drug traffickers who had been arrested in eastern europe had confessed to moving drugs through the sahara with the help of arab smugglers, along routes that overlapped with areas that had been occupied by aqim.   lou williams added points in this one for toronto, amir johnson scored , patrick patterson had and demar derozan netted with rebounds.   loverro suggested that some students might value know-how over cash.   love still has one assistant spot remaining, which he intends to fill after watching how players perform during the spring.   "love them on the way out the same way as you do on the way in," jack repeatedly said.   love to all, m follow maimah karmo on twitter: www.twitter.com/maimah spiritual development enlightenment health less stress, more living consciousness existence children vulnerability this blogger's books and other items from..   low - c. tomorrow: a mix of sun and cloud with a per cent chance of flurries in the morning, and per cent chance of showers in the evening.   low-enriched uranium is used to fuel nuclear power plants, iran's stated goal, but can also provide material for bombs if refined much further.   lower costs helped net income attributable to honeywell rise . percent to $. billion, or $. per share.   lower gasoline prices - they are down percent since june, according to government data - and a strengthening labor market are fueling a surge in optimism among households.   lower income means lower self-esteem," sakatsume says.   lowest winning score - january , - lowest scoring winner - miami dolphins , washington redskins - super bowl vii, at the memorial coliseum in los angeles.   low plus . thursday: increasing cloudiness early in the morning.   low snowpack levels, record warm temperatures and very dry conditions have helped fuel blazes throughout drought-stricken washington state.   low temperature tonight: c cape breton forecast: morning patchy fog, then sunny and hot for the rest of the day.   low wages are a major flashpoint for mcdonald’s, with many workers arguing they deserve better pay.   loyalty oaths were adopted by public agencies across the nation in the s in what critics at the time called an unconstitutional attempt to weed out communists.   loyd was an early draft entry due to an age exemption but eight games into the season loyd requested she not start because she wasn’t ready for the role.   lt. brent white told cnn affiliate kfvs that first responders "worked tirelessly to find this wreckage and hopefully salvage the lives of those that were on board."   lt. col. ben garrett, an army spokesman, said christopher sean harper-mercer was in service at ft.   lt. richard burke said the victims were being transported to harborview medical center.   lube is helpful.   lubitz's motive for locking the captain out of the cockpit of the a and apparently deliberately steering the aircraft into a mountain are still a mystery.   luby told reuters health that with scientists having collected the data on the problem, it’s now up to the policymakers to make the changes.   “lucas played unbelievable golf today,” rose said.   lucia wang, of great leap, said city authorities cited concerns about excessive crowds, while john shen, a program manager at the lgbt center, said he was given no explanation at all.   lucie safarova and barbora strycova were drawn against elena vesnina and ekaterina makarova for sunday's doubles.   luckily, a specialist thought otherwise and diagnosed young gillian not with attention deficit disorder but with.   luckily, it's now common for local libraries to digitally scan yearbooks, so the team was able to collect of them from - across us states.   lueders says unless schimel provides guidance to those filling requests about the maximum wait time permissible or a court rules in favor of someone seeking documents, a more definite standard is unlikely.   lufthansa's main airline faced a string of similar strikes in , peaking with two walkouts in the space of a week last december.   lufthansa, which owns the regional airline, has no knowledge about what have might have motivated co-pilot andreas lubitz "to take this terrible action," said carsten spohr, the chief executive of lufthansa.   luis miguel pedraza of cenafe told spanish media wednesday: "we're giving him a hand as a humanitarian gesture.   luis scola had points and toronto never trailed in handing san antonio just their third loss in the last games.   lukaku was more precise when the game started, putting everton in front in the nd minute when he headed in arouna kone's cross on a counter-attack.   lukas graduated with a bachelor’s degree in environmentally sustainable business from colorado college, according to a letter from his high school.   luke kuechly and kurt coleman returned two of romo’s three interceptions for touchdowns, and newton ran for the panthers’ lone offensive score as they pushed their nfl-best winning streak to regular-season games thursday.   lululemon also raised its outlook for full-year profit and revenue.   lungu, a former lawyer with a laid-back, populist style, has used his campaign to tap into the grassroots support of his predecessor sata, promising voters cheaper food and fuel.   @lupo i believe the tax evasion is on her side not his.   lupus can come and go -- flaring up and then heading into remission.   lu said various police departments have monitored yirenping closely since its founding in .   lu "worked as a professor of chemistry at a university" in xian, the capital of the northern province of shaanxi, before teaming up with a drug manufacturer surnamed chen in , cbn cited police as saying.   lux* island resort in the maldives offers bi-weekly whale shark excursions for $ per person.   lying and gathering without them is awful.   lynch has been a fan of the chewy candies since he was a kid playing sports, and fans throw skittles candy on the field when lynch makes a big touchdown run.   lynch's agent, doug hendrickson, says the man known as "beast mode" will receive a raise for the season, earning $ million us instead of the $ million us he was set to receive under his current contract.   lynch said this doesn't mean the principal did anything wrong.   lynch topped yards passing for the fourth straight game and eighth time in his career.   lynch would be the country's first african-american woman to hold the post.   lynton then called google ceo eric schmidt, who he recalled told him: "this is what we've been waiting for."   lyondell basell sent letters on wednesday inviting more than striking workers at its , bpd houston refinery to cross picket lines and return to work under terms of the previous contract.   lytro has revamped the camera's entire ui and menu system, added focus aids to help with the buggy tap-to-focus feature, and increased the speed of the autofocus.   m’s “oblivion” is my weirdest, greatest pick for your running playlist.   maamoun abdul karim said they included the tower of elahbel, built in ad and one of the best-preserved.   maassen added: "you can say that every second right-wing extremist is violence-prone.   “macau is not out of the woods yet, especially vip gaming, as we expect macau to experience three consecutive years of falling gross gaming revenue,” nomura analysts, led by richard huang, wrote in a note on tuesday last week.   macdonald adds, it's not just about the extra revenue, the events also allow the city to develop new infrastructure and attract media interest from all over the world.   macdonald says he's confident the school will raise the additional $ million before next fall.   machine learning is also something that's pervasive across google's various services, so it's naturally an area schmidt would want to spotlight.   mackey said there has been a "very, very small percentage of mis-weighing errors" made by the workers prepping and pricing the food.   macmillan was on to something by asking what they want, because middle class is not so much a fiscal category as an aspirational state of mind, constrained by economic factors.   macnab says many children don't understand the dangers and there needs to be more awareness.   macphail, who was first elected provincially in , now sits on the advisory board for ubc's centre for the study of democratic institutions.   macpherson and his cast have great fun with the efforts of adults to cram thomas into his snowsuit, with limbs and articles of clothing flying wildly around the stage, all set to "yakety sax."   macy's also noted its reorganization of merchandising, planning and marketing caused some temporary disruption as executives in those areas learned new roles.   maddy also has a gift for listening to children and letting them tell her what is troubling them, calming their broken spirits with natural compassion.   made from italian leather and super-fabric cordura, with print designs that range from classic to custom (as pictured above), the bags are hand made by motley goods founder cleveland motley.   madeline stuart and chantelle winnie are two examples of fashion being used as a positive force for progress.   made with thai chili-infused vodka, citrus and pineapple juice, and topped with seven spice powder, it’s two drinks in one—a citrusy punch with warmth beneath the surface and a bouquet of spice when sipped from the top.   madison police chief mike koval had previously said kenny killed robinson on march after officers checked out a complaint that someone was running in and out of traffic and assaulting people.   "mad max: fury road," the fourth film of the iconic "mad max" franchise and the first in years, took fourth position in the rankings, with $. million.   mad men also raised the bar for television drama, creating fresh demand for well-written shows and paving the way for other amc series like breaking bad and the walking dead.   maduro blamed the attack on right-wing paramilitaries from colombia.   madylin sweeten also appeared on the show as their sister ally barone.   magistrate nick lemmon said it was a “serious offence”.   magnus shaw, a copywriter and blogger, tweeted an original charles m schulz image of charlie brown, his head in his hands, sitting on a park bench.   "magpinsan or first cousin is already third civil degree," he said.   mahisen's experiment mirrors another conducted by zvika klein, a reporter for jewish news outlet, who walked the streets of paris in a skullcap.   maiduguri is the capital of borno state and birthplace of boko haram, which has long coveted the city as a capital for the state it wants to create.   mail: it's called a 'ring finger' for a reason!   maimane was born in a district west of johannesburg and moved to soweto as a boy, experiencing the cruelties of apartheid and racial segregation laws at first hand.   maintaining at least that cash balance "helps protect against potential market interruptions, which in the past have been caused by events such as hurricane sandy and the / terrorist attacks," the treasury said.   main wires connect in the underground power stations.   maioni said the sherbrooke declaration was key to the ndp’s breakthrough in quebec under the late jack layton, and it remains central to the ndp’s hopes of building on that base.   maj. gen. james "spider" marks told cnn he believed it had been a mistake to reveal the potential timing of the mosul operation and that it could put u.s. forces at risk.   major donors include law firm bose, mckinney & evans ($,), real estate magnate and pacers owner herb simon ($,), and vikram rajadhyaksha ($,), ceo of ohio-based civil engineering firm dlz corporation.   major flooding puts a damper on christmas in st. albans crews battling flames in abandoned charleston building comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   major-general taj mohammad jahid, commander of the western region for the afghan national army, recently visited farah.   major league soccer and its players' union agreed in principle to a five-year labour contract, averting a possible strike ahead of friday's season opener.   "major media companies shouldn't be gatekeeping our internet access — speeding up some content, blocking other — simply because they're able to pay for it," de blasio writes.   makayla king, a nova scotian teen, faced suspension when school administrators felt her shorts were inappropriate.   make eye contact and try to be in the moment.   “make my employer pay more.”   make sure it contains at least five shoots and plenty of healthy roots.   make that all viewers, actually: as it turns out, the clip was actually doctored by the bbc, which combined footage from two separate eruptions for a scene in their hit series patagonia: earth’s secret paradise.   make the development of a provincial heart transplant program conditional to sufficient donor pool and recruitment of an experienced heart transplant surgeon in order to have a sustainable annual number of - transplants a year with excellent results.   make your case - dr. berdie curtis, senior mistress of government high school and harcourt mccoy, vice principal of anatol rodgers field questions from the selection committee at the tristar education optimization program (teop) selection meeting.   making citi field suitable for cricket will take some doing.   making ice cream and frozen desserts is a $. billion a year business.   making some money for a part of the restaurant that normally goes into hibernation during the winter is another.   making the competition more tense was a new cbs news poll this week that showed nearly six in republicans want romney to run for president, while % feel the same about bush.   making use of vacant beds in special care homes is not among their recommendations.   making videos signals an acknowledgement of a revival in music videos, thanks in part to websites like youtube.   malaysian prime minister najib razak, pictured on august , , has called the graft allegations a … the accounts have been closed and the fate of the money has not been explained.   malcolm canada scored and cinmeon bowers had points, eight rebounds and four assists.   malcolm turnbull, seen in this september photo, asked tony abbott to open the australian liberal party's leadership to an internal vote.   malema has now been suspended from parliament for five days, according to the ruling african national congress (anc) party.   m. alex johnson of nbc news contributed to this report.   malia behind obama 'kiss cam' moment malia behind obama 'kiss cam' moment : after delivering his second inaugural speech before a huge crowd at the u.s. capitol, obama walked back from the podium with his family.   malia sports a white t-shirt with the group's red and green logo across the front.   malic was a -year-old police officer when he first stumbled upon the nuclear black market in .   maligned statue of lucille ball to be fixed suicide prevention: if you know someone who needs help, you can contact the national suicide prevention lifeline by calling ---talk ().   mali has suffered instability mali hotel attack: dead; attack ended mali, a former french colony and majority-muslim nation of million people, became independent in .   maliki, whose vice president position was canceled last week by abadi's reforms, did not comment on the accusations during a visit to iran that began before the report's release.   malik says stocks would run into serious trouble if china’s economy gets “much, much worse” and if there were signs of “runaway inflation” in the u.s. or indications the federal reserve was set to hike rates sooner and more rapidly than expected.   malik sponsored the khabbaz family.   mali's government said ag hamatou died as he was being flown by the u.n. to bamako for treatment.   mallon, now , began living full time as a woman when she turned , taking fashion merchandising courses with -somethings at a vocational school in albuquerque to learn how to walk and talk like the woman she knew herself to be.   "malnutrition is not caused solely by a lack of food.   malty national wants to convert an existing commercial building at th ave. into a ,-square foot brewery.   maman chantal from rwanda explains: "in the past, it could be difficult for a rwandan trader to cross to congo.   management & training corp could not immediately be reached for comment about the standoff.   man arrested for drug possession gadsden county deputies have arrested a man who was in possession of a drug referred to as “molly.”   “man, blew my car up,” says justin, , a high school dropout who is sitting shirtless on the stool.   man charged after found with rosie o'donnell's daughter chelsea the new jersey man was charged with endangerment of a child and public communication of obscenity.   manchester united went on to win club football's top prize.   mandvi, a correspondent on the satirical news programme, said he did not know noah well but trusted the judgment of his predecessor, jon stewart.   manfred said the league wanted an expedited time frame of tuesday or wednesday but the players union asked for extra time to prepare.   mangostock/getty images just like with any other form of credit or loan, not all underwriting is created equal.   manhattan is produced by lionsgate television, skydance television and tribune studios.   manila held a - lead after three innings, but the lady mohawks bounced back, scoring three times in the fifth to take a - lead.   manipulating witnesses, either through intimidation or bribery, is a major concern of the world's first permanent tribunal prosecuting war crimes and crimes against humanity.   manitoba hydro said power was also restored on roblin boulevard after a pole top fire knocked out power for several home owners in that area.   man meets doppelganger on flight to irelandgood morning america photos of the day - october , yahoo news win big money from pchpch.comsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   manning has been charged with a number of disciplinary infractions and will attend a hearing before a three-person discipline adjustment board on aug. at the prison, attorney nancy hollander said.   manning, who was sacked just four times in the giants' first five games, was sacked three times monday night and was penalized twice for intentional grounding.   manny ramirez was suspended twice following positive tests and rafael palmeiro once.   man-of-war "jellyfish" have tentacles that typically extend about feet (. meters) under the surface of the water, according to bologna.   manon richmond, who organized saturday night's protest, said she wanted to convey a "message of love."   man on the move – once complete, the hom strom is transported to a barren plot of land on the outskirts of scuol.   manpreet kanhaiya arrived a few days before the start of the academic year and took part in the orientation program for the new students.   man shot near yonge-dundas square in a separate shooting, a man was shot on yonge street just north of yonge-dundas square after a fight between two groups of people inside a restaurant continued outside on the sidewalk.   mansour said the palestinians aren't afraid.   mansour, the longtime taliban number two, was named as leader immediately after omar's death was confirmed, but some parts of the movement have never accepted his authority and dozens have been killed in fighting between rival factions.   manuel couture said the -year-old woman driving the vehicle may have been drinking.   man, what a year… join us as we count down the weirdest, craziest and just plain wtfark’iest headlines of .   many accept financial donations, but also recommend other ways you can help them by donating time or spreading the word.   many analysts think that bush and rubio could rise to the top if outsider favorites donald trump, ben carson and carly fiorina falter.   many are believed to have been married off to boko haram fighters, who in the past six months have seized hundreds more civilians, including children, planted bombs in nigerian cities and captured entire towns.   many are living in unoccupied public buildings or mosques and have already used up what savings they had getting to the relatively safe south from other, more expensive, parts of the country.   many buildings were built before architects knew the area had earthquakes; later buildings were built with short, sharp california earthquakes in mind, not the northwest’s longer, larger ones.   "many business owners don't realize that counterfeiters do not distinguish between major brands and fledgling start-ups," schrader said.   many came in costume or came with their lightsabers or blasters.   many children in brussels were excited.   many clothes land in recycling containers like the one on the left "the greenpeace report says that our closets are completely full but that we rarely or maybe even never wear percent of the things in it," she said.   many complaints last year, a temporary asphalt plant operated in the community for a month.   many couples have not thought through the impact that marriage may have on their income tax liability.   many dreamers, like myself, have called the usa their home all of their life.   many early kinds of oil-making equipment are to be found in the factory.   many ethnic albanians fear belgrade is gaining a foothold in kosovo fifteen years after the end of the war.   many expat retirees pay into medicare so they can come to the u.s. for treatment if needed.   many fans were relieved at the move, while media members began speculating on potential successors.   many fear that the situation in the east of the country could turn into a "frozen conflict" with terms dictated by russian president vladimir putin.   many frantically scanned their phones for news about the third baseman, who could be the most valuable player of the american league this season.   many germans consider prohibition policies to have failed, matthias von hein reports.   many have become household names, among them melinda messenger in the mid-s, who went on to a career as a tv presenter, and of course jordan - real name katie price.   many have drowned in the mediterranean, including around killed in a shipwreck in april.   many have their own channels on sites like youtube and twitch, which have millions of subscribers.   many hawks contend that president obama isn't doing enough to combat the islamic state, which has racked up some impressive victories in recent weeks.   many held flowers, waved russian flags, or held pictures of the opposition politician and former deputy prime minister.   many, including politicians and journalists, have been forced to attend attitude adjustment sessions at military facilities.   “many insurance companies were using different historical formulas to show projected results and the national association of insurance commissioners wanted to put some formal rules in place,” said janes.   many in the us would have smiled wryly and said that the europeans simply can't hack it and that they need their big brother to solve the problem.   many japanese are as committed to being as self-contained, quiet and respectful of another's space as their neighbors are, and anyone who has ridden a subway at rush hour in tokyo will know how seamlessly (and silently) this works.   many lost their best friends."   many madoff victims lost their life savings in an elaborate conspiracy that prosecutors said went undetected for more than years.   many more areas from new york to maine saw two feet or more.   "many nigerians will not forget he was a military leader, during a dictatorship," johnson says.   many officials there willingly carried out nazi orders to deport jews.   many of greece's aegean islands including kos did not have the services, food supplies and drinking water to cope with the migrants, she said.   many of its investors are local businessmen and women in the north east.   "many of our investors are long-term investors and for us to continue to invest and to beat the market, really says a lot about the foundational elements of what we provided during this year.   many of poland's institutions are still very reliant on paper despite increasing digitisation.   many of the dismissals will come from microsoft's phone business, which joined the company's newly formed "windows and devices group" in june.   many of the entrants have been major food and beverage companies: spence estimates that seventy-five per cent of his work is industry-funded.   many of the gop's presidential candidates have vowed to strip the organization's federal funding if they take the white house.   "many of them don't have very many other reasons to be excited about coming to school," diamond said.   many of them have been left traumatized by the deaths of german schoolchildren who had been visiting the tiny catalan town as part of an exchange program.   many of them urgently need to be renovated, and germany has now committed to get involved.   many of them were really young: - to -year-olds in very tumultuous times.   many of the other passengers also erupt in cries of joy.   many of the pledges from developing countries, such as india, are contingent on receiving financial … that output will have to drop to near zero by at the latest to stay under c, scientists say.   many of the reasons have to do more with myths than reality, reports alison langley from vienna.   "many of the tobacco ties were made by those who were not able to be there, but still, they prayed with us from wherever they were."   many of those involved in the fight lived in pervez properties, she said.   many of those who decided to drive into work found themselves in one of the hundreds of traffic jams recorded, with roads also clogged with cyclists and pavements filled with pedestrians who decided it was quickest to walk.   “many of us felt, ‘ok, we’ve gotta be there now,’” puryear says.   many of us give money to help those in need.   many others were being treated for burns at nearby hospitals.   many palestinians have been caught up in everything as well, like a senior palestinian authority official who died after a confrontation with israeli troops.   many people died as bullets never changed into water.   many people have unrealistic fears about possible outcomes and obstacles.   many people say you need to build your confidence, get all your systems in place, etc but the first step (really!) is the time and project management.   many people today are buying pcs less often and also slowing their purchases of new software, bernstein research analyst mark moerdler said in a recent report.   many pets on private jets receive the same five-star treatments as their owners.   many political strategists and analysts said she was compelling and strong, and they predicted that her support in the gop would grow.   many politicians on both sides of the aisle have criticized tough sentences for minor criminals, which disproportionately affect young latino and black men.   many preferred to stay at home, able to rent films on video cassette just a few months after their cinema release.   many public schools, however, offer affordable tuition to in-state students.   many questions remain about the case, which has been dubbed the "missing ." basic information about what happened on sept. , , is still unclear and an initial investigation seems to have gone badly awry.   many renowned german directors will be showing their latest work at this year's berlin international film festival, opening thursday (..).   many residents blame the police and security forces for the killings.   many said they believe that is how yang managed to operate with impunity for so many years.   many scientists say that humans first arrived in the new world around , years ago by crossing a land bridge that had formed across the bering strait.   many senate democrats are expected to back the package.   many seniors living on retirement income are capping their spending.   many sites have moved away from flash for animations and graphics, and web browsers' widespread adoption of digital-rights management for html has allowed major video and music sites to leave flash player behind.   many states also fund programs for -year-olds.   "many taxis drivers are infuriated," abdelkader morghad, a representative of the fti taxi union, told bloomberg.   many teams and individual players across the nfl have been practicing yoga for years yoga techniques they use to stay focused can work for everyone (cnn)there's been a lot of buzz about the "zen" of the seattle seahawks.   many thought the war was over but you never know when you have to deal with putin, portnykov says.   "many times now there's too much water, says thompson.   many trade businesses in the ulm area are desperately seeking trainees.   many were selected by david shields, a university of south carolina professor and the author of “southern provisions: the creation and revival of a cuisine.”   many were still not up to the highest standards set by omb, however.   many women said they also could not afford the high cost of running a public campaign, the associated press reported.   "many women write to say they've given up exercise as a result."   "many young men left here and went to them.   manziel showed more progress and promise in his first career win.   manziel then led the offense yards on plays, reaching the kansas city -yard line, but the chiefs defense kept the browns out of the end zone and coons made a -yard field goal, reducing the chiefs' lead to -.   map: indianapolis homicides detectives said no suspects were in custody.   map: 'walking dead' locations expand image identifying with the lurching, rasping "walkers" is a taller order, but guides on the "big zombie" tours help.   "marathon is more about preparation and training."   march — the u.s.-led coalition begins airstrikes on tikrit after iraqi efforts to take the city stall.   march , - thousands of venezuelans march against president chavez, protesting an electoral council's decision that the opposition had not collected enough valid signatures to trigger a recall referendum.   marchionne has said he wants to eliminate the two-tier wage system, but he has suggested he wants to set base wages lower than the current top tier, and offer union workers more in the form of profit sharing or bonuses when the company's profits are high.   marchionne said in october he would spin off ferrari from the group, sell a percent stake via a public offering and distribute the rest of fca's stake to its shareholders.   march madness isn’t enjoyed only from the stands.   marc methot scored for the senators and craig anderson finished with saves.   marco came up during a june meeting of the nasa advisory council's planetary protection subcommittee here and has not been widely publicized outside the agency.   marco reus' low cross evaded everyone, but spurred the visiting fans back into life.   marco rubio, a darling of gop hawks, was perhaps the most emphatic.   marco rubio defends dig at government workers marco rubio says he'll face clinton in race is donald trump's lead slipping away?   marcos jimenez is my sister's boyfriend and gabi osorio is trying to get him back."   marcos rojo (argentina) wins a free kick on the left wing.   mariachi originated in rural mexico and has become a cultural phenomenon and a symbol of mexican identity.   “marianna’s grades are fine; i’m not worried about that, but she just doesn’t seem to love learning anymore.”   mariano's recent death is "awful," harada says, but perhaps it provides "a good time to just look at what the protocols are."   maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio said grow houses are becoming increasingly popular in the valley.   maricopa was able to drive down the ball inside the shadow mountain twenty yard line, but after aaron owens was unable to find an open receiver, the rams were forced to settle for a field goal.   marie reed elementary school ( th street nw) : p.m. free theater: slut: the play, the story of -year-old girl who is raped by three of her "friends" during a night out in nyc, premieres.   marine harvest operates over fish farms in bc, which employ over people.   mariners demote struggling catcher mike zunino jack zduriencik’s m’s legacy: more than dozen departed managers, coaches, scouts, staffers he missed the cut by five shots.   marino called an anti-mafia prosecutor, alfonso sabella, to rome to help ensure legality.   marino said brady's place among quarterbacks is secure.   marino’s loudmouthed-bozo character is trying to hide the fact that he’s a vulnerable virgin.   marios garoyian, of centre party diko, said the state should avoid removing names off the list.   mariota, meanwhile, teamed with kendall wright on a -yard td play less than two minutes into the game and also had td throws of yards to bishop sankey, yards to harry douglass and -yard to delanie walker to build a - halftime lead.   marjie taylor took this photo of mt.adams from terrace heights on february th, .   mark calabria, director of financial regulation studies at the cato institute, expressed concern that the fed’s low interest rates have allowed financial asset prices and corporate leveraging to reach “disconcerting” levels.   market data provided by interactive data.   • market development: comprehensive information about lucrative emerging markets.   market officials know that avid chewers are still likely to deposit their gum on the wall, but they're hoping the clean-up helps contain its spread across the market's historic walls.   markets also took as negative a comment wednesday from fed chair janet yellen that equities are overvalued, but traders said the markets were far more impacted by the wave of selling in europe.   markets overseas: in europe, germany's dax was down . percent, while the cac- in france fell . percent.   marketwatch day ago by jane hodges marijuana legalization in multiple states has ushered in a variety of companies and funds that are selling shares.   mark held out little hope for the vienna process peace talks.   mark palios, former fa chief executive on bbc news "there are two aspects for platini.   marks said the guard slammed the shopper against a concrete pillar outside the store and placed him in a chokehold unto he passed out.   marks says businesses should spend time assessing what type of insight will help make a difference in terms of outcomes.   mark takai, d-hawaii mark takai may be new to the u.s. house, but he is no stranger to politics.   mark usinger, president of al griffin inc. in south portland, says he's owed almost $, for work that included providing sheets of steel and parts to repair shower facilities on the ship.   mark was perfectly sure, but his mother was not convinced.   marquez has told investigators he didn't know about the plans for the san bernardino attack, u.s. officials have said, and the complaint against him does not allege that marquez was involved.   marquis cabrera: how can someone get involved or help out?   “marriage isn’t just about two people falling in love.   marriage isn’t what i thought it would be if i’m honest.   marsala is flattering against most skin tones.   marshall also has a $ option, the kilburn, that's larger than the stockwell.   marshall and smith have been developing solid chemistry this offseason, with the two spending time together on and off the field.   marston was best known for playing michael mcbain on one life to live from to .   martel said his -year-old father was an excellent driver, but likely didn't expect to see a third car following the first two identified police cruisers.   martha coakley, the former attorney general of massachusetts, testified on behalf of draftkings.   martin agreed, saying she wanted to begin the film festival in eureka springs because of the city's history of acceptance.   "martina is such a smart tennis player and she knows exactly what movements i'm going to do (and) i know what movements she's going to do," paes said.   martin kuebler reports from brussels.   martin's award was for his contribution to performance testing of vdsl systems and g.fast testing and diane was recognised for her contribution and leadership on packet optical integration within the ip/mpls and core working group.   martin shkreli age: education: attended hunter college high school in new york but left before senior year; earned high-school diploma during a wall street internship.   martin winterkorn, head of volkswagen, said that europe's biggest car maker was "in the process of reinventing itself".   marus says that the oag focuses on civil enforcement, and ensuring that local businesses aren't selling the products.   marvel spaceflight has often inspired a spiritual kind of marvel and love for the earth in those privileged enough to view their home planet from space.   marwan jebbara pointed out that some , sunnis were taking part in the campaign to retake tikrit.   marwa omara, fiancee of mohamed fahmy, said he would continue his fight for justice and for freedom of the press.   mary and matthew's heads had been covered with pillows, on which had been placed a rosary, robert griffith said.   mary j. blige, who sang her songs family affair and doubt at the staples center in los angeles with swift, said the singer "was someone i always loved way before she invited me to her show."   mary kavanagh is a student of life who loves to write and travel.   maryland moved the last inmates out of the dangerously decrepit men's section of the detention center on tuesday, aug. , state officials said, completing the closure of the notorious facility.   mason dixon came in ninth while lexey williams finished th.   mason radford shows the strain as he hefts a pound blue catfish he caught recently while fishing in the neuse river near vanceboro with his grandfather, bobby radford of middlesex.   massachusetts was the first state to do so.   massa said many of the lessons nasa is learning with veggie could be applied in urban plant factories and other agriculture settings where light is provided by electrical light and water conservation is practiced.   mastercard spokesman seth eisen said in an email that the company has rules that prohibit its cards from being used for illegal or brand-damaging activities.   matias laba scored in the th minute to pull the whitecaps even in a - draw with timbers in a cascadia cup rivalry match saturday night.   matt day: -- or mday@seattletimes.com. on twitter: @mattmday no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   matt fish had a shot charged down from yards before the game, which had so far been played in a good spirit, threatened to boil over.   matthew daly view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   matthew litvak says the population is estimated to be between , and ,, but no one knows for certain.   matthews signed a one-year deal to play for the zsc lions in the swiss national league a instead of spending the year with the everett silvertips of the western hockey league.   matt was shot dead when a u.s. border patrol team caught up with him june in woods near malone, about miles from clinton correctional and near the canadian border.   matt wittmeyer for nbc news bobbi bockoras of pennsylvania helps her son, r.j., with his math homework.   maureen and mary the dinner ladies would have manned the tackle bags, but they were too busy flipping chips and burgers - what passed as the lunch of champions back in the s.   maureen bugnacki is named in the lawsuit as a laboratory technician in the program.   maurice also applauds the effort from young guns andrew copp and nic petan.   maven has detected just a few large-scale aurora events since starting its science mission in november .   mawed says his brother, ahmad, and ahmad's family are happy and grateful to be in edmonton.   max aaron (usa) aaron's performance at skate america was wonderful.   max keeping was too ill to attend an announcement stating his charity would dissolve this summer.   may , officially marks years of diplomatic relations between germany and israel.   may - isis kidnaps more than kurdish schoolboys in syria, forcing them to take lessons in radical islamic theology, according to london-based monitoring group syrian observatory for human rights.   may , : pm by commodities a county in rural china has backtracked on an edict that government employees must smoke only locally made cigarettes after the order was reported in a newspaper.   maya kocian, a senior economist at earth economics, said the firm was cautious in taking on the analysis.   maybe a good ol' rhubarb that takes minutes wasn't so bad, after all.   "maybe because he's in houston or maybe because he's now.   maybe country music stars will soon start to sing the praises of slane irish whiskey the way they do for jack daniel's.   maybe even stay forever, shop for a home right there in town.   maybe he wasn't really captured yet when the police car crashed..   maybe it should have been.   maybe it's zumba, spinning, kick-boxing, yoga, pilates, cycling, weight lifting or hiking.   maybe i would call it “vulnerability,” rather than “extremity.”   "maybe, just maybe, we can discover some omission," turba said.   maybe lighten up a little bit because compared to most people, mate, you are golden.   maybe next year, there will be yet another little west (south?   maybe our competition is behind it," he said.   maybe parents would benefit more from courses.   maybe some of their punishment could be helping to restore people's homes.   "maybe something i wouldn’t be able to do if he wasn’t already kind of hanging out with this ipad."   “maybe that’s true,” said nicole drown, , a white recent graduate of winthrop university, in rock hill, south carolina.   maybe the conversations, the practice reps, the season-long remodel shaped by at-bats had something to do with the at-bats that have carried the new york mets' offense for days.   maybe the egyptians were sensible in packing their goods into tombs for the journey of the departed from one place to the next, the afterlife, or whatever.   maybe the most fitting cartoon i drew about his tenure featured his crumbled "genius" statue lying scattered on the ground.   maybe you can begin by saying, "can we agree that the number one priority here is for you to be safe?"   maybe you don't read david foster wallace for touching themes about the human condition, but this is the touching theme of the end of the tour.   maybe you got an ipad or a surface pro , in which case we've got some app guides that you're going to want to run through.   maybe you’re set on what you want to do but need to boost your interview skills.   "may david denson be judged solely on his baseball ability.   may i remind you that polls are for strippers just in case you had the bloomberg/des moines register poll in mind.   maynard was charged with murder, attempted murder, and reckless indifference in the case.   mayor bill peduto said he saw the picture on social media and liked it so much he re-posted it on his own facebook page.   mayor brian bowman said he can't get into details with ongoing labour negotiations but believes the conciliator and both parties will be meeting today and he's hoping for agreement soon.   mayor defend police, school irving mayor beth van duyne defended the school district and police.   mayor frank jackson said he made the decision right before the graduation ceremony monday after learning issues with the officer's record hadn't been fully addressed.   mayor greenlee said they're considering a few different options for the location, including a splash park, a dog park or a pavilion.   mayor keith summey denounced the shooting and said slager made a "bad decision."   mayor stephanie rawlings-blake speaks during a media availability at city hall on may , in baltimore.   mayor steve benjamin said the pumps were already in place and expressed confidence officials will work hard to make sure the city doesn't run out of water.   mayor wagner said if the residents will call city hall and give a location of where the debris is, the city crew will get it as quickly as they can.   "may our princess be long-lived, happy and glorious," said tony appleton, reading from a scroll in a booming voice.   mayweather's main job is to fight, though, and he has no doubt he will fight well enough may to win for the th straight time in a pro career that began years ago.   mazda recalls , cars in japan after takata expands u.s. recall logos of mazda motor corp are seen at a dealership in tokyo march , .   maze is one of just six female skiers who have won world cup races in all five alpine disciplines.   maze runner: the scorch trials i remember the good ol' days..   "mazoun explained how education is very important for our future," sharouk says quietly.   mazur said polanski served his punishment in the u.s., and later for months — partly under house arrest — in switzerland in and , when the u.s. unsuccessfully sought his extradition from there.   mbk is not under pressure to sell china network systems, as it has already distributed some of the company’s profits to the private-equity fund’s investors, two of the people said.   mcafee founded the software company that bears his name, but resigned from it in .   mccain said that when he would visit the middle east, he pressed leaders, including the emir of qatar, to do what they could to help locate mueller.   mccain spoke to huffpost as he prepared to embark on another day as the most prominent campaign surrogate for graham in the first-in-the-nation primary state.   mccain, the ommittee chairman, said that if the obama administration wants to close the guantanamo bay prison, it needs to offer a plan to deal with the dozens of detainees who have been deemed too dangerous for release.   mccallum said the government is giving "total concern" to issues like security screening and to the health of the refugees.   mccourty's words echoed the concerns of former steelers safety ryan clark, who called goodell's ability to fine players without a series of checks and balances a "deal breaker" before the current cba was signed in .   mccuaig added that the additional trips will "make it easier for people to choose transit first."   mccutchen then ran around the corner into the jail's visitors' center, according to police, where he ordered people to get on the ground at gunpoint before being tackled by the civilian and a correctional officer.   mcdonald has overseen the implementation of $ billion in extra funding congress approved for the va to improve veterans' access to health care, and in august, mcdonald said the va is completing appointments in less than a week on average.   mcdonald is the mayor of conception bay south, so expect him to do well in the suburban areas of c.b.s. and neighbouring paradise, while andrews will get the bulk of his support from the rural areas.   mcdonald’s beats forecasts mcdonald’s corp on friday reported last month’s sales that topped analysts’ projections after declines in the us slowed.   mcdonald: she as an actress and singer in the s.   mcdonald's, kfc and walmart have offered the service to varying degrees in locations in the u.s. and europe.   mcdonald's said in a statement it supported tyson's decision and "we find the behavior depicted in this video to be completely unacceptable."   mcdonald was defending the va's budget at a hearing when he and colorado rep. mike coffman tussled over construction delays and cost increases at the long-delayed hospital project.   mcdonald was shot times by police officer jason van dyke during an altercation on october , .   mcginty has said the case will go to a grand jury.   mcgraw hill's rating and index units have accounted for the majority of earnings in the past few quarters.   mchugh, who wasn’t involved in the study, said by email.   mcilroy, recovered from a nasty bout of food poisoning, finished tied th after a fine six-under . world number one jordan spieth could not mount a sustained challenge with a last day to tie for seventh.   mcilroy won his first british open crown at hoylake last july and then went on to win the pga championship, taking his haul of major titles to four.   mckay was when he was shot in the chest in tsawwassen, leaving behind a wife and two teenage children.   mckee's focus since taking over as fiji head coach last year has been in making the side more competitive at the set-piece and the improvement was evident when they beat pacific islands arch-rival samoa to win the recent pacific nations cup tournament.   mckenna stayner is a member of the new yorker’s editorial staff.   mckenzie holland is a professional sales and marketing solution for all your sales and marketing requirements.   mckidd appears on abc’s grey’s anatomy.   mckinley-pope is a minister's wife and is an ordained elder in ministry.   mclachlin, an alberta native, was appointed from british columbia.   mcnutt said while edgewood has its own ambulance service, the community relies on nakusp for police services, medical appointments and the high school.   mcqueen’s gtb/ sold for about $. million during rm’s monterey auction.   md: i just feel it's his attitude, like the taylor swift thing.   mdrs is run by the mars society, a nonprofit organization dedicated to the human exploration and settlement of the red planet.   meadows also gives a talk at a church in huntington that's broadcast mondays on . fm in louisa, kentucky, and . fm in ashland.   meals are slid through small holes in the doors.   meaning, if "house of cards" really believed that its ridiculousness was a wink-wink at the audience, its diversions from believability wouldn't be so troubling.   meaning: this corn is grown with so much anhydrous ammonia, a fertilizer that's also an ingredient in methamphetamine ("you ever seen 'breaking bad?'   means allegedly received $, to kill two of the victims.   meanwhile, an nbc news/marist poll on sunday showed trump leading among new hampshire gop primary voters and narrowly trailing walker in iowa.   meanwhile, another manchester mp, audley shaw (north east), found himself at the centre of ridicule after he emerged wrong and strong on a biblical quotation.   meanwhile, another tropical depression is weakening, with maximum sustained winds early friday near mph ( kph).   meanwhile, a spokesperson for the premier's office says district , represented by cabinet minister paula biggar, contains a part of summerside.   meanwhile, as the team approached the hdi-arena in hannover, the bus was turned following a decision from the german interior minister to call off the match with the netherlands.   meanwhile, at orangeburg, clinton continued her focus on minority voters.   meanwhile, belgium prime minister charles michel has told citizens to avoid paris unless it is "absolutely necessary."   meanwhile, builders are adapting.   meanwhile, campus enforcement have increased their patrols, the university said.   meanwhile, college women increasingly took matters into their own hands, networking with each other and supporting a national campaign to file title ix complaints claiming their schools were mishandling cases.   meanwhile, education networks of america and centurylink were never paid for the months of operating for free.   meanwhile, european, asia-pacific, african and latin american carriers are performing below average, he said.   meanwhile, evelyn and douglas wonder where their relationship is going, norman and carol try to remain exclusive, madge juggles two rich suitors, and the single remaining vacancy poses a problem for two new arrivals.   meanwhile, federal prisons are still hopelessly overcrowded, with a population of more than , inmates.   meanwhile, ferguson says there have been several security improvements at the negril health centre.   meanwhile, gabi domenzain, director of public engagement for o'malley, blasted inclusv for releasing these numbers, which she said “they know to be false.”   meanwhile in arkansas, lawmakers were poised to follow indiana in enacting a law, despite increasing criticism from businesses and gay-rights advocates.   meanwhile, in her report the auditor general stated that the ministry did not respond to the preliminary findings despite efforts by her team.   meanwhile in spokane, a downed tree blocks west th at south stevens.   meanwhile, labrador and aboriginal affairs minister keith russell said the provincial government will work with the community to find a solution to the gasoline issue.   meanwhile, last month, oc kaligis, the defence lawyer who represents the plaintiff in the civil suit against the school, was charged with bribery.   meanwhile, machinery orders in japan rose . percent on-year in march, rebounding from a . percent slip in february.   meanwhile, many beijingers have been taking selfies with the store in the background.   meanwhile, match has to swipe left on the tinder ceo.   meanwhile, no. tcu and no. baylor edged forward, no. michigan state slipped and no. utah and no. clemson took big jumps.   meanwhile, obama will leave office with a legacy of fundamentally changing health care in america.   meanwhile, other retailers are implementing “slice and dice” return policies, with complicated rules for different categories of items, subjecting products like electronics to more stringent return policies than clothing, for example.   meanwhile, ottawa coach dave cameron alluded to potential reprisals in game on friday night.   meanwhile, ramadan is considered the holiest month of the islamic calendar as it commemorates allah sending the archangel jibril (gabriel) to the prophet mohammad (pbuh) to convey to him the first verses of the quran.   meanwhile, samsung decided to go with its own chips over qualcomm with its galaxy s line.   meanwhile, saudi arabia seems determined to keep up production to put downward pressure on energy prices to drive north american competitors out of business.   meanwhile, scarcity of fodder and water is expected to hit local milk production from february.   meanwhile scores of top private schools have ended up bottom of the tables.   meanwhile, she has to shell out more for rent, utilities, food and school supplies for her daughter, an honors high school student.   meanwhile, smartphone battery pack maker mophie created buzz with st. bernard dogs that "rescue" festival-goers low on batteries when they tweet a plea for help to mophie.   meanwhile, some people in winnipeg say they would like to see uber in the city.   meanwhile, southern rail contacted passengers to tell them that journeys had been disrupted by a shortage of train crew, and warned that services will be affected for the rest of christmas eve.   meanwhile, the accommodation and food services sector shrank . percent from the previous quarter, following a . percent dip in the first three months of the year.   meanwhile, the days of persons operating businesses without a licence and getting away with this illegal act with only a $ fine are numbered.   meanwhile, the executive yuan put forward an intended nationally determined contribution (indc) on thursday, specifying that taiwan would reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by percent by .   meanwhile, the federal prosecutors' office confirmed that its website was the subject of a hacking attack on friday.   meanwhile, the housing market has gathered steam.   meanwhile, the publicity surrounding the anniversary on friday has prompted debate amongst turks of all ages.   meanwhile, the rate of underemployment stands at % for this group.   meanwhile, the system's cameras and radar are keeping an unblinking eye on the road, reacting to other vehicles and steering to stay on the road, which i think is preferable to the driver splitting his or her attention dangerously between two tasks.   meanwhile, the three-year anniversary of whitney houston's death approaches.   meanwhile, this is not the end of hart's legal troubles.   measles starts with a fever, runny nose, cough, red eyes and sore throat, the cdc says.   mechanical mockup of new 'node board' for hp's machine running the machine on dram would make it impractical, but hp says it would still be a radical shift from computers today with a whopping tb of memory.   mechanical robot tasks like picking fruit or moving a hospital patient will be solved.   mechler recently sounded off on the ruling, what it means and what will happen next.   medea benjamin sat at the exceptionally large head table with the director of the cultural foreign relations committee who had spent a lot of time in south america and so they were able to talk in spanish.   medellín, who is fifty-seven, wore a gray blazer with a silver lapel pin in the shape of a bat.   medford said workers oct. will continue to take apart pieces of the boat and place them in storage.   media captionibrahim's possessions were destroyed for fear they could harbour the deadly virus his two little sisters and little brother died in the very room in which he now sleeps.   media captionnick triggle explains the various factors behind the mounting problems the nhs is facing scotland is also providing weekly figures for its major a&e departments.   media credit: hatchet file photo giving tours was great.   media organizations routinely name mass shooters, reasoning that the name is the key detail that helps unravel and answer broader questions about the killer's motivations and hold government accountable.   media outlets hit back, saying they were only doing their job.   media playback is unsupported on your device bengal famine: remembering ww's forgotten disaster april last updated at : bst in , during world war two, bengal in british-run india was hit with a severe shortage of food.   media playback is unsupported on your device collecting the bodies in ebola hit sierra leone january last updated at : gmt safe burial practices are crucial to ending the ebola outbreak because bodies are particularly toxic.   media playback is unsupported on your device typhoon soudelor hits taiwan with fierce winds and heavy rain august last updated at : bst taiwan has been struck by typhoon soudelor, which has killed at least four people.   media reports say they include both shanghai husi's general manager and the head of the factory in the city.   medical documents do not reference that break or reveal why he took it.   medical marijuana legal in all forms, supreme court rules under the city's proposed regulation for marijuana dispensaries, medical marijuana edibles are strictly prohibited.   medical problems range from children recovering from heart surgery, fighting cancer as well as children with chronic health issues who are on a respirator.   medical sources said houthi attacks in the city killed people, including seven children.   medical supplies were scarce but chiwy, working on despite lack of food and rest, "was always in the thick of the splinting, dressing and hemorrhage control," prior said.   medina showed no emotion as he was handcuffed and led back to jail, where he has been held since the killing.   mediterranean migrant crisis how i was smuggled into europe -- and why it was worth it why migrants head to mediterranean why i fled: migrants in italy share their stories will europe make migrant crisis worse?   meeks, a -foot-, -pound junior forward led the way as north carolina outscored temple in the paint (-), on second-chance points (-) and held a big edge on the boards (-), which included offensive boards.   meet santra, a female brown bear at the ahtari zoo in finland, famous for her morning yoga stretches.   meet the top villains waste: .% – landfills produce methane, which is a potent greenhouse gas.   me features detailed offline maps for all countries, presenting them in an easy-to-use interface.   me features navigation only for pedestrians and drivers.   megan colligan, head of worldwide distribution for paramount, said the weekend simply didn't play like a holiday weekend.   meghan gerrish, a spokesperson for nb power, says outages peaked at around , customers on tuesday and there are still a number of communities without power.   megyn kelly, of fox news, correctly characterized the candidates’ various requests for improving debates, which include giving them approval over onscreen graphics and room temperature, by asking if they also wanted “foot massages.”   mehta says his celebration of christmas probably doesn't look much different than most americans'.   "melding locational convenience with an easier-to-shop store with a supercenter-oriented pricing strategy presents a new set of competitive factors that we believe many supermarket operators will have difficulty addressing," the analysts write.   mel frykberg reports from ramallah.   melisandre also has brought a young documentary filmmaker to chronicle her return.   melissa jeltsen senior editor, the huffington post more than , women in the u.s. were murdered by men in , according to a new report released tuesday by the violence policy center.   members of a house study panel agreed that attracting quality teachers to poor, rural schools and keeping them there will require incentives.   members of somos los otros ny chant for justice, as they read the names of the students of ayotzinapa at a vigil in union square.   members of the board of examiners are gov. c.l. "butch" otter, attorney general lawrence wasden, secretary of state lawerence denney and state controller brandon woolf.   members of the commission, i am most pleased with the progress to date and deeply appreciate your brilliant work.   members of the group quickly occupy the six available computers nearby.   members of the pattenburg volunteer fire company and their search-and-rescue dog are searching for the tortoise.   members of the united nations human rights council praised the maldives' commitment to these rights, especially children and the disabled, during the review of its universal periodic review (upr) in may .   members pay a monthly fee ($, for surfair, $, for beacon) that allows them to fly as many times as possible on certain routes.   memorials are suggested to be made to pittsfield american legion women's auxiliary.   memorials may be made to the cottage hills baptist church.   memphis (-) has won straight games dating back to last season, which is the third longest streak in the nation.   "memphis's influence has declined because it didn't keep up with the transformation of the music industry after its profitable and dynamic labels and recording studios disappeared," said charles hughes, who wrote a book on the music of the american south.   men can down a six-pack and develop a little flab, while women are expected to have supermodel physiques.   mendenhall’s original homestead eventually became the melrose ranch and has changed hands many times.   menendez is the second senate democrat to come out against the agreement, but, as one of the most hawkish democrats on the iran issue, has long been considered the member of his party least likely to back obama.   menendez staffers also intervened in a trade dispute that would have allegedly affected melgen's financial interests in the dominican republic.   men must lift their shirts to show they are not carrying a weapon or a bomb.   mennie also noted that this court decision isn't the first time the rcmp's roving traffic unit has been criticized, including the conduct of the two officers who made the arrest and conducted the search of the vehicle.   men's action network (man) made the call after a recent case where an elderly man escaped a "harrowing situation".   mercedes has talent as technical as formula one is, ultimately its people that make the difference, on the track and off, and mercedes spent lavishly on personnel to become the sport's dominant force.   mercer and other family members are now in las vegas.   meredith manages sales, marketing, circulation and related processes, while stewart's editorial team oversees content.   merely recovering the lost demand of the great recession has proved difficult.   merkel administration officials immediately recognized its political explosiveness and decided to go on the offensive.   merkel's visit to london is part of a series of trips to foreign capitals to pave the way for the g summit she is hosting on june and in bavaria.   merkel was also due to make a speech at the german-speaking andrassy university and visit budapest's synagogue, europe's largest.   merritt had missed the past five cuts on the pga tour.   merritt jr.’s facebook page, confirmed by his father, has two video clips that show him firing guns into the desert toward a palm tree, exclaiming “whoo” after squeezing off a round.   merritt was not charged for any other incidents along the interstate, which have since been attributed to copycats or even a road rage episode.   messi and ronaldo: goals, goals and more goals photos february , – messi's treble against levante was part of the argentine's seven-goal month, helping him draw level with ronaldo on for the season.   messi was not able to create many chances for his teammates and was not much of a threat throughout the game.   metallica fans attend a rock in rio concert in .   metastasis is the spread of cancer from one part of the body to another, and leads to death in most people fighting the disease.   me thinketh the lady doth protest too much..   metro also leads with labour's future, highlighting criticism from former prime minister tony blair and ex-business secretary lord mandelson.   metro is expanding its confidential close call transit safety reporting system to include bus employees, according to a report for the board.   metrojet's airbus a- crashed in the sinai peninsula on saturday morning minutes after taking off from sharm el-sheikh en route to st. petersburg.   metro narcotics got nearly $, in federal grants last year, but most of their budget comes from the city police, the county sheriff's department, and ole miss: $, each.   metro-north, the train operator, confirmed a harlem line train had struck a vehicle but did not immediately announce fatalities or details.   mets: inf daniel murphy (strained left quadriceps) went for and played five innings at third base in a rehab game with class a st. lucie.   mets public-address announcer alex anthony paused for several seconds as the camera remain fixed on utley, whose typically stoic expression never wavered.   metz said people he knows still working at boeing feel “under siege, horrified by what’s going on.”   metz scored the game’s next three goals, the first and last of which came off of feeds from his teammates.   mexicali gets a rematch with tokyo, which won their earlier matchup -.   "mexican leadership has been doing serious damage to the united states by out-negotiating our representatives and political leaders," trump said in a statement.   mexico city — a coca-cola mexico spokesman says the company apologizes and has pulled an online ad after it was deemed offensive to the country's indigenous by consumers, media and advocacy groups.   mexico striker javier hernandez has now scored five goals in just three games for bayer leverkusen as they romped to a - win at viktoria cologne.   meyer said it's not just the two initial deputies who face scrutiny but also the others who were there.   mh was shot down in july mh victim was wearing oxygen mask added on gmt ( hkt) november , cnn's phil black reports from the crash site where dutch investigators are overseeing the removal of mh wreckage.   "mi a beg the jamaican people just to unite around this cause; odd dead, more than are males - me a beg di man dem specifically, to cool it.   miami developer jeff berkowitz, who has been developing real estate for four decades, is raising money through the eb- program for skyrise - a hairpin-shaped, ,-foot, tourist tower in the city's downtown waterfront.   miami road rage shooting caught on camera miami police are investigating a road rage shooting incident that happened on thanksgiving.   miami’s ticket allotment is the same as wsu’s — ,.   micah seaborn added points for monmouth (-), which also won at ucla this season.   michael bradley scored a second-half equalizer as holders the us came from behind to grab a - draw with panama to maintain their unbeaten start to the gold cup on monday.   michael brown's family belonged to a church.   michael brown was best described as pounds of bad decisions, everyone forgets he committed a strong arm robbery.   michael c hall had a mixed year in .   michael cimino's "the deer hunter" examined the effects on steelworkers, from left, john cazale, chuck aspegren, robert de niro, john savage and christopher walken.   michael d. williams was awaiting trial, but he entered the plea and the finding was made wednesday by berrien county judge dennis wiley, the prosecutor's office said.   michael fallon was speaking as pro-russian separatists overran the eastern ukrainian town of debaltseve in defiance of a ceasefire - and both papers carry his comments on their front pages.   michael feldman, , started to wonder about the echo's snooping potential within the first few weeks after he set up the device in his home in huntington woods, michigan.   michael jackson . are you a morning or night person?   michael pineda didn't do much to help.   michael rubin worked in the pentagon during the iraq war.   michael schrimmer, a glow-stick entrepreneur from chicago, paid tens of thousands of dollars for opportunities like accompanying rooney to a dinner at steven spielberg's home.   michael slager has been charged with first-degree murder in walter scott's death.   michael sweeney michael sweeney, riding for the university of nottingham, gives feedback to his team following a successful practice lap.   michael vedvik didn't actually watch the game because he wasn't feeling well.   michael zehaf-bibeau, who shot cirillo, was himself shot to death inside centre block.   michel guitard, decked out in finery as a prominent farmer, circa .   michelle howe, who was on the flight, told cbc news the woman was screaming even before the plane departed.   michelle miller michelle miller is an award-winning cbs news correspondent based in new york, reporting for all cbs news broadcasts and platforms.   michel platini (right) was favourite to succeed sepp blatter as fifa president until both were suspe … fifa's ethics watchdog reportedly wants to ban platini for life, and blatter is also facing further punishment.   michel platini, the frenchman who heads european football body uefa, "has to clarify the matches he rigged, which he told me about in dubai," he said.   michigan attorney general bill schuette, bush's campaign chairman in the state, recently spoke with bush on the phone.   "michigan engineering zone is the greatest thing i've ever been to," said papia aziz, the captain of a team known as the pink panthers from the detroit international academy for young women.   microsoft : windows xp service pack in the new millennium, microsoft was plagued by security issues.   microsoft and mobile: searching for a way forward microsoft's rethink on its mobile strategy will have major consequences.   microsoft canada president janet kennedy says companies and government agencies can be confident that their data will stay in canada and under canadian jurisdiction.   microsoft co-founder bill gates has a net worth of $. billion, according to forbes' estimates.   microsoft executives have been hinting at more cutbacks for months.   microsoft has revealed that the new windows messaging client can integrate multiple internet-based services, creating a single conversation for each person regardless of the apps they use.   microsoft is back after completely blowing the smartphone revolution, and bringing out a confusing and flawed version of windows, microsoft seemed to come out of a coma in .   microsoft isn't simply relying on yahoo to grow bing and search, however.   microsoft made cps commercially available last fall.   microsoft says windows will come with a new web browser and bring its voice-activated digital assistant, cortana, to personal computers.   microsoft's hololens was built by engineers who created the kinect motion-sensing system for xbox games.   microsoft's universal keyboard and arc touch mouse make a great ultraportable work system summary:cheap windows tablets are a boon if you work in microsoft office.   microsoft surface review with full windows created with sketch.   “microsoft, they will be challenged, so they should work hard to catch up.”   microsoft will unlock and activate the windows install at midnight tonight, allowing some windows and windows users to upgrade.   midazolam is supposed to render the condemned unconscious; vecuronium bromide paralyzes the body; and potassium chloride stops the heart.   middaugh was a high school dropout from detroit who had enlisted; he'd already completed a tour in vietnam.   middle east respiratory syndrome (mers) has spread at a rapid pace in south korea since the first case was diagnosed on may , infecting people in what is the largest outbreak outside saudi arabia.   middle school secretary angie kimsey wrote, “taylor (kimsey) and i talked about you till early this morning.   midkiff stressed the importance of safety during the winter months.   might have made a little difference," dallas guard devin harris said.   might it be enough, though, to fundamentally change the rules by which the global economy functions?   migrant rights groups are calling for answers about how a family's dream of a new life ended with three of its members drowning.   migrants and refugees started arriving in barcelona in large numbers as far back as .   migrants and refugees walk through a field towards the hungarian border near the town of horgos in northern serbia on thursday.   migrants crowd an inflatable dinghy as a rescue vessel of the italian coast guard approaches them, off the libyan coast, april , .   migrants fear they will be trapped.   migrants have been streaming into croatia for two days, their path to western europe via hungary blocked by a metal fence, the threat of imprisonment and riot police who fired teargas and water cannon on wednesday to drive back stone-throwing men.   migrants hold children in front of a full train at a train station in tovarnik, september , .   migrants, however, are processed under the receiving country's immigration laws.   migrants make their way along a road after crossing the border between austria and hungary near heil … up to , asylum-seekers are expected in finland this year, compared to , last year.   migrants scattered through balkan countries said they were seeking other routes, possibly through croatia or romania, which are in the eu though not in schengen.   migrant students find it difficult to attend middle school, because of the dearth of migrant middle schools, and often elect to return to their home province.   migrants waved tickets, clapping, booing and hissing, and shouting "germany, germany" with police lined up at the entrance to the station.   mike harrington/getty images group training studios, from strength circuits to spin classes, have sprung up around the country—and for good reason: the camaraderie (and friendly competition) can spur you on to a better workout.   mike o'brien: he touched us all, some more than others i was feeling sad this week, thinking about the future.   mike richardson, who works with youth as a social worker, says he questions the league governance and policies that allowed the situation involving the east side eagles to happen.   mike schultz, left, was an inspiration.   mike sees panning as a way to get by.   mike segar / reuters, file according to court papers, ashe used his u.n. positions to introduce a document supporting a multibillion-dollar u.n.-sponsored conference center that ng hoped to build as his legacy in macau, where he lived.   mila mulroney taped the introduction for the doc, which aired on cbc-tv on dec. , .   milat's crimes were only uncovered when a survivor of one of his attacks, briton paul onions, came forward after seeing news reports of human remains being discovered in the forest.   milder air will filter into the plains while the cold blast grips much of minnesota, iowa, wisconsin and illinois on sunday.   mild misfires in the staple section include reworkings of "bad romance" and "get the party started," two songs with a strong original pop identity that does not translate well into rock.   miles and his girlfriend had broken up and he had been between homes for about three weeks.   miles will reportedly be bought out of his contract at the end of the season.   miliband urges new law on energy bills power supplies off for third day france's testing point how to react to the charlie hebdo massacre?   militants also used mm-caliber artillery systems to shell pisky, krasnohorivka and the village of nevelske.   militants attacks have increased since three nigerian states - borno, adamawa and yobe - were put under emergency rule more than months ago.   militants from the islamic state jihadist group and its rival, al-qaeda's syrian affiliate al-nusra front, will reportedly quit the districts of qadam, hajar al-aswad and the besieged palestinian camp of yarmuk.   military clearance is now required before the green light is given to export the printer to the united states, dini says.   military families sacrifice so much, including holidays spent together.   military leaders, however, agree that coalition airstrikes and the military effort in syria and iraq have stopped the momentum of the islamic state group, or isil, made it hard for the insurgents to communicate and travel, and hurt their oil revenues.   military spending is highly erratic and sharp swings are usually reversed," he said.   military vehicles carrying df-a missiles are displayed in a military parade at tiananmen square in beijing on september , .   milk brings with it myriad health benefits including bone and teeth strengthening.   millard "mickey" drexler, who had served as an apple director since , retired from the board in march.   millennial children who harbored strange fascinations with educational computer games may also recall that the mystic seaport was the location one visited in the version of where in the u.s.a. is carmen sandiego?   miller, a righty, then gave up another single to dee gordon on a ground ball behind second base before inducing martin prado to pop up for the final out in the -, two-hit victory.   miller said getting all the reforms passed would be a "long shot" with the u.s. presidential election and the puerto rico election both coming up in .   miller's comeback seattle loaded the bases in the eighth against relievers chris capuano and andrew miller with one out behind a single, hit batter and walk.   miller, who repairs and preserves grave markers and tombs at molokai's kalaupapa national historical park, showed them how to use an epoxy substance to meld the pieces together.   millet had planned a day hike to upper yosemite fall on aug. and never returned to his vehicle.   mills has held a variety of positions in park and corporate leadership over a career that spans years.   milmo adds: "france will wake to a day of national mourning for a group of individuals who it seems chose to live by the invocation of mr charbonnier, known as charb, when he said in : "'i prefer to die standing than to live on my knees'."   mimi xu: i was djing quite a lot, and then the natural progression was to produce my own music, and fashion shows just happened to ask so i started working with them, and then more fashion shows came along.   minaj explained that she was trying to make a deeper point, including that "black women influence pop culture so much but are rarely rewarded for it."   minaj will headline on june and snoop dogg and ice cube, with "special guests," will perform on june . the bet awards will take place june at the staples center.   mingdong chen admitted that he killed his cousin's wife, -year-old qiao zhen li, and her children, -year-old linda, -year-old amy, -year-old kevin and -year-old william zhou in october .   mining, which includes oil and gas wells, rose . percent last month but remains down percent over the past months.   minions even if you haven't seen despicable me, it's pretty easy to understand why its fans love the minions so much.   minister gomez said he admonished all of them to personally adopt those essential healthy lifestyle changes that will allow them to enjoy a good quality of life as they age.   minister griffin pointed out that last year, the department celebrated its th anniversary and it has grown tremendously over these years.   minister lena diab says there now has to be a time limit placed on the visits.   minister of health dr fenton ferguson told a press conference that four international health experts were due on the island to help battle the infections being caused by the klebsiella and serratia bacteria, which caused the deaths.   ministers sought to have the action dismissed but a judge at the court of session said it could proceed.   minister wilchcombe said the restaurant is setting the pace for the transformation of bay street.   ministries involved are pushing for an initial ban on the practice until .   ministry official karl-heinz gruendboeck says belgium had registered salah abdeslam in the schengen information system on suspicion of unidentified criminal activity.   ministry of foreign affairs spokesperson eleanor wang (王珮玲) said the ministry was unable to confirm if chen had made the remarks, but said that diplomatic relations between taiwan and the holy see are as stable as they have been.   minor injuries were reported from people being pushed down or shoved, he said.   minority groups long opposed reform, fearing that the resulting efforts would dilute their populations and end with fewer minorities elected.   mint was % funded, raising more than $,, in march.   mirer lost his debut - to san diego where he was of for yards and an interception.   mirror magic introduces a new gameplay mechanic that has low paying symbols transform to become high paying symbols in the bonus.   "misery loves comedy" "the adventures of sharkboy and lava girl" "kumiko, the treasure hunter" "teenage mutant ninja turtles" () "the legend of longwood" visit amazon for more offerings.   misha berson: mberson@seattletimes.com no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   missing clinton teen flew to morocco: police authorities found arthur safe in the seaside community of essaouira with el adala and his family at a.m. local time friday.   missing french tourist, , found after subway misadventure dave lochbaum, who is the director of the nuclear safety project, said the transformer is in the switch yard outside the plant, but within the security perimeter.   mission control is also financing the deal with a membership drive, and sfist spoke with their leadership and scored some exclusive ‘sneak peek’ pictures of the new venue.   miss north carolina kate peacock survived three pediatric eye diseases, and miss utah krissa beatty was born with spina bifida occulta, and was told she would never walk.   missouri is a near textbook example of this.   miss potter added: “he had taken up all the services on offer to him here and used to go to the chemist to get his subutex.   miss ward says -year-old glen was pulled from class when teachers objected to his new do’ “the worse thing is they haven’t spoken to me; the first i heard of this was when glen came home from school.   mitchell - in playoffs stampeder quarterback bo levi mitchell improved to a career - in cfl playoff starts.   mitchell langerak, shinji kagawa and pierre-emerick aubameyang are all away on international duty.   mitchell was arraigned friday night in plattsburgh on charges of promoting prison contraband and criminal facilitation.   mitch penner had points, rebounds for spu.   "mitt is a patriot, and i join many in hoping his days of serving our nation and our party are not over," he said.   mixing genres, subjects, styles and cultures, sf shorts is about grabbing someone by the eyeballs and making them think, feel and react.   miyahara, who won the japan championships, is looking to follow the international success of retired skaters mao asada and shizuka arakawa.   mizuho securities analyst eric criscuolo said the speedy fda decision suggested a similarly early approval of clovis' rival drug rociletinib, whose official fda decision date is at the end of march.   mlb cannot make unilateral changes to playing rules without the union's consent unless it gives one year prior notice, so an agreement was necessary for any alterations.   mls has just one team in north america’s second-largest market this year after chivas usa ceased operations following last season.   mnla, a group of secular tuareg rebels in the wider coordination of azawad movements (cma), said it rejected the proposal because it "did not take into account the legitimate aspirations of the people of azawad".   moadel-robblee is also an associate professor of clinical & epidemiology & population health as well as in clinical medicine at albert einstein college of medicine.   mobile apps are available, too.   mobile county probate judge don davis said he closed the marriage license section of his office because of "conflicting orders" from moore and u.s. district judge callie granade.   models are required to be between the ages of and with an energetic and friendly attitude.   moderate syrian rebels, trained by the u.s. army, will fight islamic state on the ground and help co-ordinate air strikes by the u.s. coalition, launched from turkish air bases, under the strategy drawn up by washington and ankara.   moderator e.j. dionne quickly joked it was more like "mourning in america."   moderator thanh tan, a times opinion writer, saluted the kane hall audience for making it through congestion to show up to the event, which, after all, carried the title, “gridlocked: driving solutions to our region’s traffic jams.”   “modern family,” p.m. (abc): phil and claire are hurt when alex lies about her college move-in date and luke doesn’t want to spend the day at phil’s open house; being landlords stresses out mitch and cam.   modine, with fiscal revenues of $. billion, specializes in thermal management systems and components, bringing highly engineered heating and cooling technology and solutions to diversified global markets.   modrich, tomas lindahl and aziz sancar won the prize for "mechanistic studies of dna repair."   mohammad mohajerani denied all allegations against him in a statement published on ilna news agency in august, saying all his activities had been "in the framework of the islamic republic economic regulations."   mohammed akhtar hussain, a family member who did not travel with them, told channel news that one of the , his sister, had initially been prevented from flying out of britain by police officers.   mohamud allegedly said he was happy that his brother, aden, died fighting for al-nusra front, al qaeda's largest affiliate in syria.   moisture doesn't travel from the scalp to the ends so by hiding the tips they are protected.   mokohonuk, an artist herself, said the murals are inspiring her to paint again.   mombo lodge, botswana – "mombo is not only the flagship of wilderness safaris, but it has become arguably the most must-visit safari lodge in africa -- that's not because it is overly luxurious but because the game viewing there is so exceptional.   moments from marco rubio's career photos rubio, left, is greeted as he arrives at a restaurant in doral in february .   moments from marco rubio's career photos rubio speaks to the media at the doral restaurant in april .   moments later, high school student david reyes emerged, having just crossed the tracks.   momoi was born in an area of fukushima hit hard by the tsunami and nuclear meltdowns of four years ago in february - the year the teddy bear was introduced and orville wright carried out the first powered, heavier-than-air flight.   monaco scored three goals in north london after only netting four times in the group stage, when it qualified as surprise winners.   monahan's first of the series tied the game at :.   monarchies around the world photos king harald v of norway and his wife, queen sonja, married in .   monarch theatre procedures face provincial review the province says occupational health and safety inspectors will review the procedures at the monarch theatre to ensure workers are adequately protected.   "moncton has through its history recognized individuals in our street naming.   monday afternoon, sheriff ward contacted dan bratton of cal or life flights and asked for assistance in doing an overflight of the area.   monday, august , greenback lower in asia the us dollar slipped in asia on fears that china's economic malaise could weigh on global growth, reversing a rally that had been fuelled by hopes for a september federal reserve rate move.   monday, august , (mtv awards) honor roll here is a list of the winners of sunday night's mtv music video awards in los angeles: video of the year: taylor swift featuring kendrick lamar, “bad blood.'   monday, march , nadya calls me.   monday, october , eagles , saints posted on mon, mar , the eagles beat the saints, - at lincoln financial field on sunday, october , .   monday, september , arabs pass the buck on cause of refugee tide smaller gulf arab countries such the united arab emirates and qatar, where millions of foreign workers already vastly outnumber local citizens, fear being overwhelmed by refugees.   monday's settlement agreement voids any poor work evaluations matthews received, and removes him from punitive assignments.   monday's shooting also killed a south african contractor and two jordanians who worked as translators for the foreign instructors at the facility.   monday's statement did not say how many aircraft from the uae squadron were in action, or where or what their targets were.   monetary policy can't do it alone the fund expects the federal reserve to start raising rates this year, although it expects the central bank to stay its hand until it sees signs of inflation rising toward its two percent target.   money could also come from a possible new demolition tax if it passes.   money essentials: how much to save for retirement the price of gasoline has fallen dramatically primarily because oil has plummeted.   money morningsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   moneysupermarketsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   moneytalksnews : car buying: don’t just kick the tires, read them moneytalksnews : you can live forever, if you can afford it moneytalksnews : how to fight high medical bills moneytalksnews : are you a shopaholic?   money well spent on a tarted-up goatse hole for fat-necked evil.   "money will go where the best ideas and the best people are.   monfort has undergone psychological evaluations by experts for the state and defense, and while the experts’ reports are not part of the public docket, other court records provide hints into their contents.   monica almeida/the new york times free speech and the willingness to discuss uncomfortable ideas is under threat on college campuses where “trigger warnings” and “safe spaces” are becoming increasingly common.   monika khatri, another -year-old law student who wants to become a judge, said a young man who rapes a woman so violently that she dies from her injuries should serve many years behind bars, no matter his age.   monitoring of the use of such drugs was also "infrequent" in most regions, although european countries had made progress in this area, who said.   mon, jun , - page baidu to release self-driving vehicle baidu inc (百度) — the search engine and technology company often called china’s google — plans to release a self-driving car with bmw corp by the end of the year.   monkman is from animoziibing (lake manitoba) first nation.   mon, may , - page taiwan business quick take ministry reports export ruling the ministry of economic affairs on friday said the us department of commerce had ruled that taiwanese steel nail exporters comply with us antisubsidy rules.   mon, may , - page britons morrison and howell lead way at open de espana as sergio surges britons james morrison and david howell both overcame double-bogeys to share the lead after the third round of the open de espana on saturday.   monroe reportedly texted his boss early tuesday morning advising he would be late, but never made it to work.   monsanto reaps a bitter harvest for shareholders up next what does a disappointing jobs report mean for investors?   monte lussari (pictured) is a ski resort in winter and offers cable car views in summer.   montreal mayor denis coderre said the city, which will take on the bulk of the refugees in the province, is ironing out plans to make their arrival easier.   montreal police said three men forced their way into an apartment on davidson street near adam street at about p.m. on monday.   montreal schools use standing desks, stationary bikes to keep students focused grade delisle students benefit from stand-up desks, justin sauer says are we sitting ducks?   montserrat feixas vihe, the regional representative in central europe for the u.n. refugee agency unhcr, said orban's government was targeting the very people who needed help.   monty was upside down and being pulled across the beach..   moody's, another ratings agency, said it was placing greece on review for a downgrade because of "considerable uncertainty regarding the outcome of the ensuing negotiations".   moody's investors service in may cut chicago's credit rating to junk, citing the city's $ billion unfunded pension liability and its limited options to enact cost-saving reforms.   moody's said it would also consider it a default.   moore and page fight for their love in 'freeheld' is tom cruise marrying his assistant?   moore’s arrest is the latest embarrassment for the secret service, which is charged with protecting the president and his family.   morale in la jolla “slipped a lot” after the revamp, says todd fisher, a former senior finance manager at kashi.   morally bankrupt but artistically pure, the records felt like fully formed erotic thrillers of their own.   “more alarming was that a survey conducted by the administration in which showed that about percent of respondents aged and older have consumed alcohol and percent of them have been drunk,” she said.   “more and more people are finding it difficult to unwind and relax after work,” said mark cropley of the university of surrey in the u.k. who was not part of the new study.   more apps from engadget subscribe to engadget newsletter subscribe to engadget in your inbox.   more b.c. wildlife encounters the encounter between natasha dickinson and the octopus was caught on camera by her diving partner jackie hildering, a biologist and marine educator who blogs under the name the marine detective.   more: best smart home gadgets the process begins with the google chromecast streaming stick (the model; the chromecast model may also be affected).   more broadly, russia apparently seeks to regain a broadly influential role in the region as part of president putin’s effort to reassert russia as a great power globally.   more complete viewership totals for saturday night will be available on monday.   "more creativity can be put to it.   more cuts could come if deal flow continues to slow, gardiner said.   more details about this tragic incident are sure to come in the days ahead.   more: eli capilouto, university of kentucky, university of kentucky mural get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   more extroverted – passive-aggressive emails won't get you a better deal on that hand-woven rug.   more from business traveller business traveller luxury in the sky with diamonds: etihad raises inflight indulgence stakes can plan to fly concorde again get off the ground?   more from business traveller business traveller they'll book longer flights for a better wine list the future: airplanes that fix themselves?   more from europe london tube strike: 'mind the gap' -- in service greece's debt crisis: a who's who greece: how did it get into this mess?   more from health heart health images in the 'stroke belt,' through the lens of those at risk if 'breast is best' for newborns, where's the support in hospitals?   more from ravi agrawal heat wave kills more than , in india narendra modi's year one: did he live up to expectations?   more from the new yorker use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective january , ) and privacy policy (effective january , ).   more from world what does isis really want?   "more heads are better than one.   more: how to get those iconic shots from the american southwest here are some ideas from the rocky mountains for coming home with unique photos from your mountain adventure.   more importantly, i was not yet exonerated.   more importantly, the -year-old business employs people.   more importantly, there's little incentive for anyone to fix that.   more information here » this is a developing news story.   more information on oregon's wildfires can be found using the incident information system.   more information on the event and ticket sales can be obtained by calling the atlas foundation at --.   more information: skiidaho.us northwest travel guides british columbia guide hide / show comments it's nice to see the word "powder" used correctly.   more information the msma can be found on its website.   more in technology investing gm is testing an apple watch app to open car doors the wall street journal.   more intriguing was the peach fuzz behind him.   moreland's th blast of the season made it -.   more measles cases tied to disneyland, illinois day care a measles outbreak that began at disneyland and reignited debate about vaccinations is nearing an end.   more migrant talks needed, merkel says the migrant crisis is the biggest challenge the european union faces, the german chancellor said.   more: ocda, prosecutor misconduct, orange county district attorney, tony rackauckas get top stories and blog posts sent to me each day.   more: oceans, earth, earth ocean floor, digital map earth, climate change get top stories and blog posts sent to me each day.   more on the athletics doping scandal the doping crisis in seconds key questions answered can athletics learn from other sporting scandals?   more on the paris attacks special report: in-depth coverage of the attacks and their aftermath mr valls addressed france's lower house of parliament before its deputies voted to extend the state of emergency by three months.   moreover, a federal judge ruled earlier this month that the law does not license the kinds of data-gathering practiced by the government.   moreover, conditions deep under the icy surface of enceladus could be similar to those that gave rise to the first life on earth, the researchers reported in the new study.   moreover, he is also a member of various trading associations.   moreover, it remains to be seen if this will be sufficient to jump start business confidence, a factor that remains key to growth prospects in after the decline in investor confidence experienced last year."   moreover, most air carriers set nighttime flights to yerevan, which creates additional difficulties for the tourists.   “moreover, realizing the promise of this deal will require many years.”   moreover, the kazakh government is officially launching the process of resettlement of the population of the country’s southern regions to the north in an attempt to somehow dilute a pro-russian “fifth column.”   more perspectives pascal-emmanuel gobry facts about pope francis' encyclical how the u.s. military reloaded for big power warfare try risk-free issues of the week magazine.   more positive external conditions will raise growth to % by , which is still well below historical rates.   more protests are planned for friday evening.   more recent film credits include "dark tower" (), "second chances" () and "crime and punishment" ().   more recently, texas set aside about $ million solely to enhance its research universities, said longanecker, the western interstate commission for higher education president.   more related channel top shelf created with sketch.   more: romania, romania night club fire, victor ponta, victor ponta resigns, social democratic party, liviu dragnea, colectiv nightclub get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   more: scientology, celebrity scientology, tom cruise, tom cruise scientology, paul haggis, paul haggis scientology follow entertainment get top stories and blog posts sent to me each day.   more: secrets from japanese master: how to make sushi tokyo's trends of course, tokyo is a key player in regional ramen styles.   more size makes you harder to eat, but it also makes you slower and makes you more likely to be targeted.   more: snape, harry potter, jk rowling, albus severus, hogwarts, twitter follow entertainment get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   more specifically, the world system has an africa problem.   more stories about the future of science, tech and medicine some futurists go one step further.   more than , people have been killed since buhari was elected in march with a pledge to wipe out the militants.   more than have been collected, all from social media.   more than members of turkish security have been killed in clashes.   more than , ethiopian jews live in israel, having immigrated in two waves in and .   more than , migrants have drowned in the mediterranean, twice the toll during the period last year, spokesman joel millman said.   more than , competitors are in berlin for the th european maccabi games.   more than , people were injured in monday’s temblor, which also damaged more than , homes in pakistan, officials said.   more than , refugees have so far arrived in the northern somali regions of puntland and somaliland, with the un refugee agency preparing to receive as many as , in the coming months.   more than , people have died in the conflict, latin america's longest.   more than million people visited the u.s. pavilion during the first three months of the world's fair, which is expected to attract million visitors.   more than , europeans are known to have traveled to syria and iraq to operate as foreign fighters for islamic extremists.   more than people were evacuated, and homes were threatened as winds picked up, officials said.   more than people were evacuated from their homes at the height of the fire, which hit an area that has not seen rain for weeks.   more than , passengers and about vessels were stranded in ports on saturday, mostly along the eastern seaboard.   more than chinese companies have invested in tanzania, creating , jobs, according to the chinese embassy in dar es salaam.   more than foreign businesses have invested $ billion.   more than holocaust survivors or victims' families have joined the case as co-plaintiffs and many are expected to attend the trial.   more than , migrants arrived on kos in july, according to doctors without borders, and tens of thousands more landed elsewhere in greece in the same month, stretching the capacity of its cash-strapped government to cope, the u.n. refugee agency said.   more than percent of facebook users are outside the u.s. and canada.   "more than percent of the bolts we have already tested in the bay bridge tower foundation are not broken," said dr. brian maroney, caltrans' chief engineer overseeing construction of the bridge.   more than a dozen people were injured and taken to hospitals, where most were being treated for mild to moderate injuries.   more than a few african-american did call flanagan what he was, namely a homicidal nut case, and did offer prayers and condolences to the victim's families.   more than anything else, history is likely to undermine any temptation japan might have to build a bomb.   more than a quarter of private jobs are in food sales, transportation and housing rental.   more than a year earlier, in february , butterfield was told the president wanted a taping system installed in the oval office, and butterfield made sure it was done promptly.   more than half of the residents are children up to the aged of . the united nations estimates that hundreds of girls and women are still missing, and presumed to be being held by isis as sex slaves.   more than half of the world's primate species are classified as threatened with extinction on the iucn red list of threatened species.   more than one billion people worldwide have hypertension, which is defined as a systolic blood pressure of or more, over a diastolic blood pressure of or higher.   more than that, he saved israel when it was threatened with annihilation by its neighbors, sending a massive airlift of arms to israel during the yom kippur war.   more than three weeks after the crash, the remains of people have been recovered, some of them still strapped into seats.   more to blame than management then there's the issue of local identity.   more waiting, what do we do?"   morgan made a surprise appearance at the emmy awards last month, with a more substantive turn as guest host on oct. of nbc's "saturday night live," the show where he was once a cast member.   morgan was out for when england was - in the th over, having batted for minutes and faced balls which did little to alleviate his batting slump or the personal ordeal this tournament has become.   morgan, who has about a decade of experience as a daycare worker, met the family in church.   mormon church backs lgbt rights -- with one condition by daniel burke, cnn religion editor in at least one big and bruising culture-war battle, the mormon church wants to call a partial truce.   mormons from around the world come to the event, which for many people is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.   mormons now are instructed to only submit for baptism the names of those who are in their own family lineage.   mormon spokespeople cautioned that their offer to support some protections for lgbt americans does not change church doctrine including its opposition to same-sex marriage.   morning stars are jupiter, mercury and saturn.   morocco, libya and ukraine have been enlisted to participate in the europe's migration control efforts and are being paid to improve their border controls and build prisons for irregular migrants.   morrell says it's pretty unusual to enjoy a peach in mid-july but don't let that stop you from heading up to green bluff now to pick some up.   morrison shot and killed another man in .   morrow was seattle’s first-round pick (fifth overall) of the draft.   mortgage brokers may or may not be state-regulated.   moscow and iran, damascus’s heretofore primary benefactor, are now making it clear that they are all-in when it comes to defending the current regime.   moscow (ap) — russia's foreign minister says north korean leader kim jong un has given a positive response to the kremlin's invitation to visit russia.   moscow criticised the decision to send the sophisticated warships, saying they were unsuitable for aid missions.   moscow is already under heavy us and eu sanctions over its alleged actions in ukraine, and western diplomats in kiev linked the past week's spike in attacks to a reported infusion of advanced russian artillery and equipment into the war zone.   moscow is moving in this direction not just on account of its geopolitical priorities and economic and military opportunities.   moscow police say they received a call at : p.m. about a shooting at e rd st. at northwest mutual.   moseley said the board of supervisors will take a final vote on the proposal in august.   moss said the -month pause would be significant, giving non-profit developers such as mission housing and meda a competitive chance against private developers.   most pioneer participants were large, sophisticated hospital networks with the capability to rapidly change their method of delivering care, very different from the public hospitals that serve the populations that need health reform the most.   "most aircraft have teething problems, and in most cases, these are eradicated.   most awesome female superheroes photos most awesome female superheroes – janet van dyne, wasp.   "most backups are not getting all those reps (in practice) regardless of the position," fox said.   most banks told cnnmoney they won't be ready for chip-and-pin by october, because there wasn't enough time to make the necessary computer upgrades.   most british police do not carry guns, but every force has specially trained officers authorized to use firearms.   most businesses built around beer, wine and spirits do fine during a recession.   "most canadians, if they don't show up for work, they don't get a promotion,'' layton said, a barb that was repeated over and over again on social media in the days that followed.   most commonly we use a frame called j to describe the location of the vehicle.   most economists expect the federal reserve will raise its benchmark overnight interest rate in december, but financial markets are only pricing in an increase early next year.   "most girls end up being pregnant, and many drop out of school."   "most girls in yemen don't know how to ride a bike," al-fusail explains, "and many of those who could were either afraid or not allowed by their parents or husbands."   most haunting is "crows," a picture in black ink which depicts birds picking at the corpses of koreans, reflecting the discrimination they faced even in death.   most lenders use the fico score to assess your creditworthiness, percent of which is determined by your history with paying your bills on time.   mostly he trains kurdish fighters but he's also part of a rapid response unit to "islamic state" attacks.   mostly, the speeches were to get members of the us olympic movement pumped again after a start to the year that blackmun called “the most unsettling and challenging time in my professional life.”   mostly, though, that was because of their lack of knowledge regarding how to administer a region, or even a state.   most mothers are not going to introduce their children to danger, whether in the form of a bad nanny or a shady boyfriend.   most neighbors do not have driveways and must park on the street.   most of his retirement funds were compensation for benefits he gave up when left general electric to take the job at boeing.   most of it is proprietary, but they rely on other products like chargify to handle billing, and constant contact or mailchimp for email.   most of my uber rides do, including this one.   most of new brunswick will see snow and strong east to northeast wind overnight saturday, says coade.   most of the action thursday was in energy markets.   most of the apps target kids, educators and researchers.   most of the costumes are handmade, other accessories like feather boas, hats and wigs, are picked up at second-hand stores or borrowed from friends.   most of the dead are said to be ethnic uighurs who belong to china's muslim minority.   most of the dead were from a group of young, hard-core zamalek supporters known as the ultras white knights.   most of the delays were due to environmental concerns raised by municipalities on the line's path. with files from radio-canada's thomas gerbet comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   "most of the footage that is collected is grainy and is taken from above.   most of the improvement happened in the last two years, coinciding with the big coverage expansion under president barack obama's health care law.   most of the kids were polite.   most of the migrants land in italy or greece, then make for the wealthier countries of northern europe, transiting through countries in eastern europe and the balkans, like macedonia, serbia and hungary.   most of the municipal police charged with preventing crimes remain weak at best, corrupt or infiltrated at worst.   most of them were not even alive on sept. , but from my vantage point, the students took an active role in remembering the day.   most of the passengers for the final helicopter lifts have been chosen in advance, alerted to keep listening to armed forces radio for a signal.   most of the passengers were chinese - many of their relatives have consistently questioned the official view that the plane crashed.   most of the refugees are fleeing regime bombing, just as most of the dead have been killed by regime bombs.   most of these videos are made by undercover activists who get access to the factories by getting jobs.   most of those who attended had left by monday night with no reports of violent flare-ups or arrests.   most other provinces started offering the spray in recent years.   most parents and young adults have a bias toward universities over colleges, harkening back to a time when university degrees were more rare and the key to unlocking higher earnings potential.   most people can see that the single market is a good idea" but the bloc needed "a better balance," he said.   most people recover in four to seven days.   most people struggle with consistency in one or more areas of life.   "most people were surprised.   "most people, whether they're american or german or japanese, tend to accept the dominant ideology of their society and accept the status quo without necessarily questioning it very much."   "most people with advanced degrees think an open economy is more efficient and that in the long run the u.s. will benefit," he said.   most read stories then things became complicated.   most refugees making the journey through the balkans after crossing into the eu from turkey pass through slovenia and austria on their way to germany or scandinavian countries.   most social housing tenants in wales currently have the right to buy their home once they have been renting it for five years.   most states have never elected a woman to higher office,” murray said.   most times, the injured whales are devoured by sharks or sink after they die, so scientists don't know about the encounter.   most u.s. investors expect them to approve the terms, though polling in greece is unclear.   most viewed sports stories: task too tall for sandberg?   most would argue that the lack of direct relation to black issues is the reason behind the silence of many white celebrities who adopt elements of black culture.   mother and father scrimped and saved.   mother-of-three thanou has taken a hard stance on austerity measures, having criticised as unconstitutional an unpopular property tax collected through electricity bills.   mothers who go into labour after that are asked to head straight to the new superhospital at the glen site.   motion detectors using infrared technology are also included for interior use.   motioning to the paparazzi, he added, “don’t try to pit us against each other.   motorists and pedestrians in the northeast should be on the lookout for areas of black ice this weekend.   motorola migrate will also be retired due to improvements in the backup and restore functions in android m. also gone is the motorola connect extension for google chrome since "many consumers have moved from sms to other over-the-top messaging services."   motorola scout nixplay seed a simple photo-frame that allows friends or family to share photos to one frame wherever they are in the world via a dedicated app.   mounties said they were reviewing video captured by several dashboard cameras, as well as possible video from the train.   mount kinabalu is sacred to sabah's kadazan dusun tribe.   mountlake terrace-based premera maintains that it does not “have any evidence that there was any criminal activity on anyone’s account as a result of the cyberattack,” company spokeswoman melanie coon said in an email statement.   mount nyiragongo, an active volcano, could erupt at any moment.   mourners spelled out the name, "billy" with candles on a candle stand along one side of the grotto.   mourners were led by mr phillips' widow jen, while daughters abigail and sophie lit a candle in memory of their father.   moustafa said jenatian told him he could get an airport spot if they paid more dues to the hta.   movie trailers duration: : hrs ago the life and accomplishments of carl boenish, one of the first pioneers of base jumping.   moving forward with construction pending the supreme court ruling is disrespectful, wurdeman said.   mozilla's support chief mark schmidt quickly followed suit by tweeting that all versions of flash had been turned off in firefox.   mr. ackman is now sitting on a paper loss on his valeant holding of over $bn, with his pershing square fund down by more than per cent for this year.   mr. alkis warns that if the peace process doesn’t resume by year’s end, matters will spiral out of control.   mr aswat, who denies involvement in terrorism, was arrested in at the request of authorities in the us.   mr beighton's appointment was widely expected.   mr. biden said that was the only reason for his visit, according to state representative schwartzkopf.   mr brimstone initially met members of the firm who wanted to meet mr mccausland the report recommended a disciplinary investigation into mr brimstone.   mr cameron responds by saying that ed miliband couldn't even remember the deficit in a keynote speech he made on the economy.   mr carpenter joined the charity, which uses farm-based activities as a therapy to help children overcome past suffering and develop in confidence, when it started years ago.   mr. christie was accompanied by the minister of foreign affairs hon. fred mitchell, the minister of tourism hon. obie wilchcombe and the minister of transport and aviation hon. glenys hanna martin.   mr. dorsey is disciplined about his schedule and habits.   mr. duncan's case was poorly handled from the get-go.   mr dutton uses off-the-shelf software adobe photoshop and editing software after fx to create the films.   mr edman dismissed claims the project was a stunt to shift the focus from the controversial proposed mangles bay marina near point peron.   mr griffith, who is launching the service in halifax, moncton and other eastern cities in january, says he plans to expand across the country.   mr harrison passed away in , but the couple got to celebrate their th wedding anniversary together.   mr. hulot thanked ms. mestaoui for her project, particularly at a time when paris is still reeling from the recent violence.   mr jones launched welsh labour's campaign for the uk to stay in the eu ahead of a promised referendum.   mr keeves, , said: "we thank our lucky stars our son is still with us.   mr lamb's family paid tribute to an extremely kind and selfless man who would always put others before himself.   mr lightman said it would be "immensely challenging" for schools to get enough staff for subjects such as modern languages to make the target achievable.   mr. menon says that in in britain, after the bus bombings in downtown london, then prime minister tony blair made a speech urging the nation not to use the terrorist attack as an excuse for anti-muslim sentiment.   mr. morerod was a retired farmer.   mr. obama has repeatedly said that criminal justice reform is one of the few major issues he hopes to tackle in the final years of his presidency.   mr ochoa, who said he had been inspired by gandhi, wants social, political and agricultural change.   mr osterloh said apple's prices were "outrageous" motorola launched moto maker while owned by google, but it has since become a division of china's lenovo.   mr poroshenko has called on the west for support up to and including weapons.   mr. power earned a diploma in mechanical engineering from gippsland institute of advance education in and a graduate diploma in occupational health and safety from curtin university in .   mr. pulos received a jd from union university - albany law school and a bachelor's in economics with honors from alfred university.   mr. recchia has years of professional experience, with six years as a sap plant maintenance consultant, specializing in plant maintenance, business processes and sap implementation.   mrs barron runs the poco loco bar in chatham so that is going to be involved, as is her husband adam who appeared on the voice in .   mrs. griffin said: “there are those of us who remember a time when persons with disabilities were hardly ever seen or in some cases deliberately hidden away because they were considered different.   mrs. obama leaned over to give the renzis' daughter a hug, and malia obama waved to her and said "nice to meet you."   mr. stewart said that he and mr. baird have been friends since the days when he worked for mr. baird in queen’s park, so he doesn’t lobby him.   mrs. wagner was a member of the winder first united methodist church, hoschton civic club, braselton women's club, the library club, and the winder first united methodist church choir.   mrs. wilkinson brought mia to this ontario clinic because she could not get her prescription for medical marijuana renewed at their home in alberta.   mr trudeau, who supports the plans, has said he is willing to work with the us to address some of the environmental concerns.   mr. vitek's interest in becoming an attorney began in high school.   mr wang said it was not clear why the left engine had been shut down.   mr wearn's final bombing raid appears in mr coverdale's records, taking off from downham market at : bst, dropping their bomb at : bst and landing back on the morning of may at : bst.   ms barkatulla added that while she understands the "good intentions" of hijab fashion vloggers and designers, they need to act responsibly.   msc cruises and italian operator costa crociere said they would divert cruise ships which had been due to berth in tunis.   msmb profited by selling short the stock of both companies.   ms mccall made it clear that following the deaths on russian flight from sharm el-sheikh it was time for a fundamental rethink.   ms. moshier received a jd from william mitchell college of law at st. paul, mn in .   ms. thomas did not always think to pursue a career in hospitality, but in the s, she entered the field of hospitality services and found a hotel near yellowstone.   @mstipton and their shareholders..   much depends on demand from the flying public.   much has been made of the people who have re-entered the ranks of the employed taking lower salaries or part-time work in the united states, and the effect that has had on increasing the gap between the wealthy and the poor.   much like dubya's "you're either with us or against us" speech, eh?   much milder weather is coming our way though."   much of it is about naturally evolving myanmar out of its dark ages approach to "profit for a few", and instead exploring many options on how to optimize prosperity by which all might benefit.   "much of its revenue growth was found to be simply falsified," johnson says.   much of that has been achieved by kurdish forces on the ground in northern iraq.   much of the action took place in mud.   much of the densely built-up waterfront around san francisco sits on landfill, often a blend of rubble and sediment dragged up from the bay.   much of the intrigue of esmail's show has centered around mr. robot himself (christian slater).   much of the new growth is no longer on lots in existing neighborhoods, but the development of new neighborhoods, which had fallen off drastically over the past several years, poole said.   much of the rest of the eur billion package that the eu announced during crimea's annexation amounts to vague promises and accounting tricks.   much of the struggle for acceptance, equality and happiness have fallen on young people: black, white, majority and minority youth.   much of the yellowstone is covered with thick ice that prevents direct access to the line and has complicated cleanup efforts.   much of this is to do with changing attitudes.   much of this lumber ends up as wood pellets, parquet and laminate flooring in german and austrian diy stores.   much of ukraine's equipment is soviet-era that don't work, break down, or are no match for the big defense industry that moscow boasts on its own soil.   mueller, , has been widely tipped to succeed martin winterkorn, who quit on wednesday, when the german carmaker's supervisory board meets on friday, and will take responsibility for the biggest business crisis in volkswagen's -year history.   mueller made it her life's work to help others.   mueller was taken into captivity in august while leaving a hospital in syria.   mueller was the last publicly known american hostage, yet it is clear that tensions are continuing in a cycle of violence and retaliation.   mueller went to turkey in december to work for a turkish organization providing humanitarian aid to syrian refugees along the border with syria.   muirhead edged ottawa's rachel homan - in the semifinal earlier in the day.   mujuru and her allies claimed they were unfairly dismissed from the party on trumped-up coup plot charges in the run-up to the zanu pf congress in december.   mulabula handles the credit card processing, provides progress reports and analytics, and transfers the proceeds, less mulabula's cut, which varies from % to %, directly into the customer's bank account.   mulcair also took concrete steps to help his leadership rivals.   mullah mansoor's closeness to islamabad could be crucial to afghanistan's future.   muller has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, according to an fbi affidavit.   multinational firms have mostly left the peninsula because of western sanctions and simferopol airport currently only has connections with russian cities.   multiple agencies responded to the incident, including a medevac helicopter from life flight, the naches fire department, and als ambulance, water response team, a dive boat, and a yakima county sheriff's deputy.   multiple media outlets reported tuesday that federal prosecutors agreed to drop three drug-related charges against -year-old joel robinson in return for the guilty plea.   mulvey said the first challenge the industry must face is "coming to agree on what the message is."   mumbai, india (ap) — a mumbai nurse who was in a vegetative state for years after being sexually assaulted while working in a hospital has died, authorities said monday.   muniz created this image by assembling hundreds of thousands of paper cranes made by children around the world to commemorate the victims of the japanese earthquake and tsunami.   muniz, now , recalled his mexican immigrant mother arriving at his school to find out how and why he’d been arrested and attempt to figure out what would happen next.   mu policy now, a student group made up of graduate and professional students, had been pushing for the president’s role to go to middleton, who retired as deputy chancellor of the columbia campus in august and had been made a deputy chancellor emeritus.   murdock is one of several young tech industry executives to die tragically this year.   murgio faces seven counts including wire fraud, money laundering and operating an unlicensed money transmitter.   murphy says it's misguided to suggest a chubby baby eating breakfast would lure an underage drinker to a specialty beer that sells for a comparatively pricey $ for four, -ounce bottles.   murray, however, somehow survived and outstanding shot-making at - got the scot back into the match.   murray pledges support for deal also on tuesday, washington sen. patty murray became the latest democrat to support the deal.   murrison gave shec a deadline of jan. , .   mursi, of the muslim brotherhood, egypt's first freely elected president, was sentenced as part of a crackdown launched after then army chief sisi stripped mursi of power in following mass protests against his rule.   muscle cars rule the road again some critics have said fca's sometimes confrontational approach has come from the top down.   museum director neil macgregor and theater director eva sopher were also honored.   music," all trigger a flood of emotions.   music fest: the musickla blog presents the out there musick festival sunday at cap studio in sherman oaks from :-: pm.   musicians and artists help us see the larger truths.   musk pointed to a couple reasons for this.   musk wants to develop and market the key technologies needed to enable a rapid transition to a low-carbon future minimizing grid dependence tesla energy has dubbed its new household battery pack the 'powerwall home battery'.   muslims across the world are observing the holy fasting month of ramadan, when devout refrain from eating, drinking and smoking from dawn to dusk.   muslims, and even a black man named jean lapierre traveled to poland to join kosciuszko's multicultural revolution.   mussa issa qawasma / reuters . israeli police stand by the shrouded body of a palestinian attacker at a bus staion in beersheba, israel.   mussel growers have been complaining for years about the ducks helping themselves to cultured mussels, which are grown on long mesh socks hanging from buoys.   must read: android . marshmallow review malware turns hundreds of security cameras into a botnet closed-circuit security cameras are supposed to make you safer, but some malware is turning them into weapons.   must read: everything you need to see at e 'volume' is a robin hood origin story for modern gaming "honestly?   must-see islands photos oahu, hawaii – most of hawaii's population lives on oahu.   must watch : the year the world acts on climate change? : never mind that the floor price for coal is set to continue diving worldwide.   must watch donald trump: i'd like to have elections tomorrow : bush and trump have sparred since the "apprentice" star launched his campaign in june.   must watch man who flew drone near obama's motorcade in hawaii : washington (cnn)no charges were filed against a hawaii man after his drone flew near president barack obama's motorcade in hawaii on monday.   must watch nun helps nairobi's poorest citizens : francis' arrival in nairobi was itself a lesson in humility.   must watch obama and putin face off at u.n. : at the united nations, putin waxed lyrical about taking on the threat of isis.   must watch pope francis meets with victims of sexual abuse : in remarks to bishops following the meeting, francis vowed "careful oversight" to ensure that youth are protected and said that those responsible for abuse would be held accountable.   must watch reserve deputy charged in fatal tulsa shooting : (cnn)weeks after a controversial shooting sparked allegations of misconduct in the tulsa county sheriff's office, state officials say they've opened an investigation into the department.   must watch spanish pm gets sucker punched at campaign event : rajoy's tough austerity measures have helped the nation recover from economic crisis.   mwangi said jeptoo testified for more than two hours in what he termed "a very productive hearing."   myanmar has changed much in the four years since a notorious military junta gave way to a nominally elected government and the long-isolated nation began opening up to the world.   myanmar's military leaders have accepted the sweeping victory of aung san suu kyi's nld.   myanmar's rohingya muslims faced societal violence and saw land and property confiscated, while buddhist monks delivered scores of hate-filled sermons and called for a national boycott of muslim-owned businesses.   “my bad,” trainer bob baffert tells a stunned crowd.   "my belief is that there should be a minimum air-pressure requirement but not a maximum," rodgers said.   "my body hasn't aged as well as i have," she continued.   "my brother was not armed.   my brother was not reacting to our calls and our light slaps," she said.   "my campaign is going to be about the future of america," he said.   my career here has allowed me to witness history through my cameras, and it has always been clear to me that my way of repayment was to share what i saw with you, the readers.   "my clients were grateful for the invitation extended by the eureka business community to enter their market with a big budget production show," nichols said in a press release.   my colleagues often ask why do i come to exuma.   my comment is now in the s.   my dad has always been a mentor to me.   "my dad passed away unexpectedly from complications during surgery.   "my daughter, she can't get on the housing ladder."   "my diagnosis has not impacted my ability to represent the state of georgia in the u.s. senate," isakson said.   myerson said customers are overwhelmingly pleased with their windows experiences.   "my father - one of the men i admire most in my life - fought the fight for three years, six months and days.   my father refused and he gave the order to kill him," he says.   my first day of school i was in heaven.   my first radio job was as announcer at kalj radio in yuma in .   my food is ready.   "my friend hyacinthe was killed here last night," -year-old sara bouden said saturday outside the restaurant la belle equipe.   my friends and i clambered up the theater's stone steps and imagined the spectacles our ancestors once witnessed there.   my friend's words were angry and bitter.   my goal now is to keep pushing myself as an artist, and to get more of an audience for my work."   my grandmother supported me, and that was important.   "my greatest fear is that all the important documents may have disappeared by now," hugo rubin, the congressman who drafted the new legislation told the bbc.   my guess is that rhimes wanted dempsey to be super-dedicated to the show and wrote him off hastily when she realized that he wasn't going to be.   "my heart is broken and all my thoughts and prayers are with everyone in louisiana," she tweeted.   my heart is irrevocably broken.   m/y helios is a highly pedigreed .m motor yacht blending modern and classic styles.   my hope is that as mentoring continues to grow as a force for positive change within business that employees and employers, flushed with its success in the corporate world will be encouraged to give up some time to volunteer with mosaic.   “my husband and i sold everything we had to afford the journey.   "my husband is running from me because i want another one."   my income is not enough for the six members of my family," rashid said from leda, in the southern district of cox's bazar.   my inference was it was going to be very sweet – like a root beer float, but the beer is a lot dryer than a root beer would be.   “my instinct was to try to chase the train but my knowledge of its route is not sufficient “after hours of complete nightmare for me until i was told it had been recovered.”   my kids have been connecting with him very emotionally, they have been loving him and learning so many things through him.   “my language does not accurately reflect my feelings about the greek community,” he said.   "my life mistakes should be a wake up call for everyone," he tweeted.   my main answer would be that the friedman compromise — trash-talking government activism in general, but asserting that monetary policy is different — has proved politically unsustainable.   my mind is constantly churning with ideas, so much so that i keep a stash of notebooks by my bed in case that brilliant a.m. idea comes along.   my mind went to "brown recluse spider bite."   my mom told me before i got here: 'go over there and enjoy the game like you always do and be proud.   “my motherland is not a garbage bin of canada.”   my name is malala.   "my office considers that icc jurisdiction over libya prima facie extends to such alleged crimes," bensouda said.   my oldest brother, danny, was a community organizer in chicago (alongside a promising young organizer named barack obama).   "my palestinian workers come here to make money.   "my parents are shopping online because, frankly, they don't want to go anywhere.   my peace plan presented a year ago became a core for minsk agreements accepted by all the world, russia included.   my phone rang three hours later with the airline letting me know that the driver arrived.   my plan actually goes further than senator sanders because a big chunk of the cost is actually room and board and books and fees.   my point is things were great when reagan was in office because both parties worked together and that's what's missing now.   "my point is to show that all political sides should be supporting us."   "my position is that the world needs to know.   my prayer for you is that you will find relief from stress and a new sense of satisfaction as you do only the things god created you to do.   "my presidency is not about looking back at an issue that this university has had and i think has recovered extremely well from," he said.   “my really happy couples don’t look at their money as drudgery,” he explains.   "my ride back to earth today," he wrote.   my role in this game was as a kind of crash-test dummy—though with a mouth.   “my season went better than i expected,” johns said.   myself and juliet, my amazing volunteer, who helpfully used to work at british gas, try to get to the bottom of it.   my sister winning women joined forces from multiple countries, and supported me from the sidelines up the steep hill.   “my son can still be hurt by smog.”   "my son doesn't participate in these things, but we're going to see the evidence, what they have," altahir said.   "my son has never been a violent person, never," she said.   my son knows that, he knows i love him.   my son wanted to die."   my specialty is family medicine.   mysql also accounts for a small portion of sun's revenues.   mystery of tombstone found at bus terminal solved wearing a yankees helmet, a hope week shirt, pinstriped pants and a pendant cross, singleton took batting practice with the team before it played minnesota.   my tax preparer uses software from intuit.   my team's goal is to broaden this outside of the boston area so all female amputees have a sister leg to call in the middle of the night and answer the hard questions that only women and amputees would understand.   “my thanks go to miya bahamas for supporting this initiative and to western air who donated shipping costs.   my twin children, gregory and georgina, were born two and a quarter years later.   my uncle killed by sniper in ww.   "my visit reflects the sense of global alarm at the dangerous escalation in violence between israelis and palestinians," he said.   my whole thing was just getting down here.   my wife is a retired teacher with no pension.   "my wife looked at me.   "my wish is that a 'grexit' should be avoided," juncker told the european parliament in strasbourg just hours before an emergency summit in brussels on the crisis.   “my work ethic, my morals, my religion did not allow me to be quiet.”   nacos said the video is "cleverly shot with different camera angles."   nadine angerer, germany: the goalkeeper says she’ll retire from the game later this year, but first she wants to lead her country to its third world cup championship.   nadli says he applied for an early release but is unsure about the specifics of how that process works.   nagle visited albro lake beach on thursday and said there is a posted reminder that parents should remain within arm's reach of their children.   naheed nenshi's so-called "purple revolution" that propelled him to city's top civic job, in fact, appealed to both liberal red and conservative blue voters.   nahhas said ahrar al-sham fought to defend syrians and was battling the army, allied iran-backed shi'ite fighters and the ultra hardline islamic state group, which controls large tracts of northern and eastern syria.   nairobi (afp) - three people were killed and eight more wounded on friday in the latest cross-border raid by somalia's shebab militants in northeastern kenya, an official said.   nairo quintana's team unexpectedly limited the gap with bmc to four seconds while alberto contador's tinkoff-saxo lagged seconds behind.   najacht also took home two third place awards.   najib also faces pressure within umno, as the party's old guard, led by former prime minister mahathir mohamad, calls for his resignation over his alleged involvement in the mdb scandal.   najib vowed not to give in to “traitors” seeking his removal, as he addressed the annual assembly of the ruling united malays national organisation (umno), the most closely watched in years for signs of any revolt against the party leader.   naji said he feared that once deployed, u.s. special forces might eventually turn their attention to pursuing hashid shaabi commanders and key shi'ite politicians, some of whom are on the u.s. terrorism watch list.   nalanda was a light to the world and, hopefully, it will be again, promoting the philosophy of man living in harmony with man, man living in harmony with nature and man living as part of nature.   names to know: jahad thomas has rushed for yards to lead the american, and he also has touchdown runs.   namibia expresses concern over epa for the last years european union has been trying to hammer out a trade deal with the acp - the african, caribbean and pacific group of states.   nanopot looks at the genetics of cannabis seeds to better understand which might be bred to optimise for certain cannabinoids useful for certain medical conditions.   nantucket was lashed with winds gusting to mph.   narbis recently raised $, for its neurofeedback glasses in a kickstarter campaign, and plans to sell the devices at $ apiece.   narcotics police maj. juan tardio was frustrated, tired and his fingers were going numb.   narrative science, another company working on robo-journalism tools, can also write convincing articles automatically with their quill system.   nasa does not think so; in fact, determining if life ever arose on mars is its first goal for mars exploration.   nasa has been developing its own space produce since , but so far only it has used the resulting plants for research purposes.   nasa images celebrate 'year of light' photos nasa also released this remarkable bird's-eye panorama of part of the andromeda galaxy last week.   nasa's dawn spacecraft slipped into orbit around the dwarf planet ceres on friday, in a manner as cool and quiet as the soft blue glow of its ion engines.   "nasa's day of remembrance honors members of the nasa family who lost their lives while furthering the cause of exploration and discovery," agency officials said in a statement.   nasa's work with commercial industry for low-earth orbit transportation benefits the american public in two important ways.   nasdaq closes at -month high as tech stocks rally on earnings cnbc hrs ago fred imbert stocks closed sharply higher friday after the chinese central bank cut interest rates and after three tech giants posted better-than-expected earnings.   naseer told the associated press that the evidence against adeeb was "very strong and god willing we'll get to the bottom of it.   nashville was relatively well off.   natasha, , who is also mum to evie-rose, aged four, said: “we got a big sum of money and we have been able to order the chair.   nate jones of the national security archive at george washington university has written at length about able archer, and his primers are worth reading for the full background.   nathaniel beneby, jr., rbc’s market head, for the bahamas, cayman and turks & caicos islands said, “rbc recognizes that our strength as a company is not only determined by how well we serve our clients.   national chief perry bellegarde also made an admission: he hadn't voted in the last federal election and wasn't sure whether he would vote in this one.   national commission for persons with disabilities inaugural stakeholders and media event.   national enquirer has not respected this barrier in the past (flying helicopter over celebrity homes, etc.)—sometimes getting away with it, sometimes getting sued.   national football league roundup (the sports xchange) - the san francisco ers stayed in-house for their next head coach and elevated jim tomsula from defensive line coach on wednesday.   nationalist abe is expected to maintain this stance on the th anniversary of japan’s capitulation.   nationality: costa rican age: big idea: a website dedicated to crowdsourcing medical expenses which has so far raised over $ million.   nationally, . million people have signed up for health insurance under the law.   nationally, home prices rose at a solid pace in july, as would-be buyers competed for a diminished supply of available housing.   national police spokesman prawut thavornsiri said officers believed the suspect was part of a crime group who helped illegal migrants obtain counterfeit documents -- and that the bomb attack was retaliation for a recent crackdown by thai authorities.   national safety figures don’t get broken down by gender, the group said.   national security adviser susan rice said thursday she has "not seen any evidence of chinese military involvement in syria" when asked about carson's suggestions at a white house briefing.   nation mourns boston bombing victims photos nurse practitioner maureen quaranto, who treated victims of the bombings, wears her boston marathon jacket during mass on april , .   native drought-resistant plants like succulents, cactuses, palms and geraniums don't need much water.   nato commander advocates arming baltic and eastern europe to deter russia .. eastern europe and baltic countries need to be fortified with arms supplies to counter the threat from russia, a nato commander has said.   'natural' and other food labels that sound legitimate but may not be in , new york city adopted a regulation that banned trans fat from restaurants, but some restaurants were already ahead of the legal changes.   naturally political analysis taking all the factors into account is important.   nature requires a surcharge for members and non-members.   navinder sarao leaves westminster magistrates' court in london, britain august , .   "navinder's method involved no use of algorithmic trading and as such was purely a 'point and click' style of trading whilst he was at futex," the firm said.   navy ends escorts through strait of hormuz russia rolls out high-tech new battle tank russia rolls out high-tech new battle tank fmr.   nazem al-ghabra, , who works in corporate communications, agreed.   nba standings is your team at the top?   nbc said grylls would give the president a crash course in survival techniques for an episode of his show, "running wild," to air later this year.   nbc's meyers said that "in a speech cobbled together from forwarded emails from your uncle, he let us know what he thought that america needed."   nbn co is free to use whatever mix of technologies is required to get the job done as quickly and cost-effectively as possible.   near-death by robo-doc wachter thinks medicine could learn from the aviation industry, which pays great attention to cockpit design to eliminate egregious errors.   nearly , have already purchased insurance through washington healthplanfinder for this year.   nearly years ago, michel was skiing in british columbia when an avalanche swept him into kokanee lake.   nearly fishermen in the philippines had been reported missing at the height of the storm, mostly from the provinces of pangasinan and la union, but most sailed back home after taking shelter or were rescued at sea.   nearly democrats voted with most house republicans to deliver a potentially veto-proof majority after administration officials may have done more harm than good in a last-ditch lobbying effort.   nearly , passengers will pass through the airport next week, most will fly in and out on the day before thanksgiving and the sunday and monday after the holiday.   nearly have been scrubbed for thursday.   nearly half of the adults who didn’t identify as multiracial said it was because physically they looked like one particular race, while others said they were raised to think of themselves as a particular race.   near the northern syrian city of tal rifaat in early november, for example, an is suicide attacker detonated his car bomb at an fsa base, though without causing much damage.   ned price, a national security council spokesman, said all refugees including those from syria would be rigorously screened.   nedret emiroglu, a who europe's infectious diseases expert, said beating the disease meant controlling any epidemics as quickly as possible and pushing vaccination rates to the highest possible levels in every country.   needless to say nasa's it backbone will provide some help to the agency's robotics needs.   needless to say, "the avengers: age of ultron" looks to be the movie to beat this summer, when it hits theaters on may . more from entertainment was that bob newhart refereeing the college football championship game?   neighborhood opponents took the city to court, arguing the plan was subject to the state environmental policy act (sepa).   neighboring rooms had smoke damage.   neighbor stacey simkins said that he dragged her behind a "dark pool area" before passersby scared him off, according to the fbi.   neighbors were notified of the health risks by central district health, but fire officials say they should not be worried since the mercury did not spread to other properties.   neighbours greece, serbia and croatia joined the un in blasting hungary's use of water cannon and tear gas against migrants as "unacceptable".   neil dwane, european chief investment officer, equity, at allianz global investors, which holds shares in both companies, said ab inbev had faced increasing pressure to return excess cash to shareholders.   neilia biden died in a car accident a few months later, after his first election to the senate, along with their infant daughter, naomi.   neil shubin, left, and edward daeschler, right, were two of the original paleontologists who discovered tiktaalik roseae on the south shores of ellesmere island in .   neil young called and he came and presented just because he'd heard about it.   neither arias nor alexander's family appeared in court.   neither did alfredo griffin before him nor jose reyes in recent years.   neither did coke competitor pepsi (pep), which is also a major nfl sponsor.   neither does the uk make use of any so-called enhanced interrogation techniques.   neither has returned to work.   neither of the camps had drainage, leaving rainwater to pool up around the tents and making snakes frequent visitors.   neither of those patrons are particularly sentimental," he was quoted as saying.   neither the children nor the families, many of whom are asking the u.s. government for asylum, can be quickly sent home.   neither urgent nor important (tasks that you will eliminate).   neither was anywhere near as dramatic as the shooter that the company revealed in june.   nelitza gutierrez, a housekeeper for savopoulos and his family, is there helping.   nelson said that plenty of people lose out on a lot of free money because they don’t contribute enough to their (k) plan to take advantage of matching contributions from employers.   nelson says repairs to buildings are an immediate need.   nepal has been hit by two powerful earthquakes in less than three weeks.   nerguizian said lebanon had turned down france's gazelle attack helicopter, leclerc tank and larger warships, either because they were too expensive to maintain or not suited to the combat environment.   nesci's body was found in her home wednesday after police said a distraught-sounding reagan called them.   nesmith, from north augusta, south carolina, had six birdies and a bogey.   netanyahu and his wife, sara, are seen at a polling station in jerusalem on august , .   netanyahu is in paris with more than world leaders to attend a massive rally to honor victims of the attacks.   netanyahu's remarks came as a june deadline looms for a deal that would row back iran's nuclear programme in return for relief from sanctions, which israel has long opposed, causing friction with the white house.   netball: sunshine girls take on england this evening jamaica's sunshine girls will face rivals england in their opening match of their three-test series at the national indoor sports complex at : this evening.   netflix gets set to invade southern europe by dong ngo hours ago this article, netflix gets set to invade southern europe, originally appeared on cnet.com. netflix will add three more countries to its stable, as it looks to offer its service worldwide.   netflix is well aware the apple watch is coming, and even though the wearable device is not a competitor, the company released a strange but hilarious spoof ad that makes fun of apple’s watch.   netflix “the flash: season ” is the most fun you’ll have with a live-action superhero tv series.   netflix: we 'should have avoided' unlimited iinet and optus deals isps to forgo appealing dallas buyers club decision so what are the problems?   netizens weighed in on the issue, with some saying that the mayor’s administrative style can be gauged by his remarks.   net result: some labour activists fret these are hostages to fortune. ) supporters of ed miliband said one of his greatest achievements was keeping the party united.   net sales rose a lower-than-expected . percent to $. billion.   nettles says they went to a homeless encampment in greenville and recruited people to cash checks for them.   neu didn’t know the suspect but said the two exchanged greetings in passing.   nevada regulators have ordered daily fantasy sports sites like draftkings and fanduel to shut down, saying they can't operate in the state without a gambling license.   nevada's shift to the affordable care act has been a mixed bag.   never admitted to killing wife during interrogation last week, court heard that richmond never admitted to killing his wife in a police interrogation that lasted more than seven hours.   never drove in vietnam or the philippians either.   never, ever, drink and drive.   nevertheless, both teams won wednesday and will have at least one more chance each to make their case.   nevertheless, from where we are sitting, we have a clear conscience.   nevertheless, if your nightmare scenario is the air being sucked out of the market as fast as it did for internet stocks in , it looks like you can breathe a bit more easily.   nevertheless, it was a humiliating outcome for one of the most successful players of all time, who had won the first set at a canter before his game crumbled.   nevertheless, kepler cheuvreux analyst dirk becker said ubs was still a more attractive bet than european rivals credit suisse and deutsche bank, which are only now undergoing the sort of restructuring ubs started in .   nevertheless, the court hid behind the trial court's questionable findings and refused to engage with evidence of midazolam's dangers.   nevertheless, the indices remained in negative territory throughout the session, with blue-chip stocks falling over points at their lows.   nevertheless, the number of fatal-crash drivers who had used pot shortly before driving represents a sliver of the total number of drivers involved in fatal crashes.   nevertheless they do sometimes make their owners sick.   nevertheless, things will not remain the same, says dw's claus stäcker.   nevertheless, “we’re excited about this event and we don’t have any concerns," an optimistic roosevelt island corp. spokeswoman told the tabloid.   new and improved apps the all-new news app brings together your favorite newspapers, magazines, websites, and blogs.   new bell island ferry mv legionnaire launched in romania the legionnaire was launched in mid-july, and is expected to enter service on the bell island run sometime this winter.   new brunswick is spending $. billion on health care this year and a considerable portion of that is coming from the federal government.   new deals surfaced on wednesday, and the market immediately recognized that there is both a right way and a wrong way to do a deal.   new delhi (ap) — nine coaches of a train derailed in southern india before dawn saturday, killing at least two people and leaving several injured, officials said.   new delhi defended its position in geneva, saying there was "no proof" india's asbestos factories or their products -- used mainly in low-cost housing -- are unsafe.   new episodes will start coming to hbo this fall, along with past episodes of pinky dinky doo and the electric company.   newer studies have shown that over % of heart disease cases are preventable with the right food choices.   newer versions have pretty much solved that problem, as have several generations of apple's operating system.   newfoundland connection west is no stranger to newfoundland and labrador.   new housing projects the provincial government and the city of vancouver have spent $ million on new social housing projects throughout vancouver and more are on the way.   new iaaf president seb coe, a former olympic gold medalist, said on sunday these were "dark days" for the sport.   new jersey gov. chris christie on cnn: "if we knew then what we know now, and i were the president of the united states, i wouldn't have gone to war."   new jersey governor chris christie, a republican and former federal prosecutor, has also pointed to treatment as a smart way to tackle the problem.   new jets when fuel cost more, most airlines rushed to order new planes from airbus and boeing, aircraft that are more efficient but carry a larger price tag.   new juan de fuca plate is created offshore along the juan de fuca ridge.   newman was detained at melbourne airport on thursday, oct. after trying to enter australia even though officials had canceled his visa.   new mindset: fatherhood is the ultimate priority.   new mom kelly rowland dropped by to chat with huffpost live's marc lamont hill on march , .   new orleans, which was the confederacy's largest city, surrendered in and was under federal occupation beyond the civil war's end in .   new pictures have been released by the family of american and retired fbi agent robert levinson who vanished during a business trip to iran's kish island on march , .   new pictures released on monday will help navigators put the satellite on the correct path to go into orbit around the dwarf planet on march.   new probation conditions were imposed after the alaska violations.   new reports examine calories, sodium and saturated fats at three fast food chains.   new rules for hobbyist drone pilots have already kicked in. on monday, the faa began requiring consumers to register their drones.   new saudi king salman pledges consistency new saudi king salman has made his first public speech as monarch, promising to continue the same policies as his predecessors.   news, blogs & columns arts & entertainment subscribe to district line daily the e-mail field is required.   news corp. has spent more than $ million in legal settlements with hacking victims and other hacking-related costs.   news from across california obama: the terror threat has evolved into a new phase fbi video: how to survive a mass shooting arrested: shoplifting suspect who allegedly left her child behind..   newsletter may include personalized content.   news live: gop debates part five: can anyone stop trump?   news magazine der spiegel claims a slush fund was used to secure votes.   news, opinion & analysis anthony foxx chosen as 'designated survivor' for state of the union address if the worst happens at the state of the union, transportation secretary anthony foxx becomes president.   news, opinion & analysis domino's pizza driver gets $, tip ohio church orders pizza during service, then gives driver more than $, from collection plate.   news, opinion & analysis poor company earnings send us stocks lower, giving the s&p index another weekly loss file - in this oct. , , file photo, american flags fly in front of the new york stock exchange.   news, opinion & analysis the latest on greece: germany says work remains to be done for greek bailout deal pensioners chant slogans during an anti-austerity protest in athens, tuesday, june , .   news, opinion & analysis was scott walker just too boring to be president?   newspapers reported that the outpouring of popular support for accepting more refugees had sent the government scrambling to come up with a response.   news report, two companies were charged with conspiracy after they allegedly sold cheese labeled parmesan and romano that actually contained other cheeses, including cheddar and swiss.   news source: asiaone.com japan grapples with problem of decaying, vacant homes japan's problems with a rapidly ageing and declining population have been widely publicised.   news sources: nhk, annnewsch studio ghibli unveils new animated film set for release in japan next year japan's most famous anime production house is back in the animation saddle, with a european director holding the reins.   news source: tokyo reporter half of body found at kobe onsen hyogo prefectural police on saturday announced the discovery of the lower half of an adult body at the arima hot springs area, reports the sankei shimbun (july ).   news where, when and how you want it business digest e-mail the latest business headlines from the northwest and beyond.   new taipei city, chiayi county and yunlin county were ranked as the least happiest in that order, according to the index, which is based on a survey of counties and cities across the nation.   new today is a revamped version of the music app, which is of high interest given reports that apple plans to relaunch a new version of the beats streaming music service, which it acquired as part of last year's deal.   newton, the first overall pick by the panthers in the nfl draft, has thrown for , yards, touchdowns and interceptions during his four-year league career.   newton was chosen first overall by the panthers in the entry draft out of auburn university.   newton was picked for the third time, and five of the quarterback's teammates were first-time selections, including cornerback josh norman and linebacker thomas davis.   "new vodafone customers have been obtained via mvnos such as lebara and aldi, with these customers typically switching from prepaid to post-paid," the report said.   new york (afp) - us computer giant hewlett-packard said monday it was buying mobile networking group aruba networks for some $. billion.   new york (ap) - a san francisco man who created the online drug-selling site silk road was sentenced friday to life in prison by a judge who cited six deaths that resulted from drugs bought on his website and five people he tried to have killed.   new york city has not dealt with an official heat wave since july .   new york's , daily inmate jail system fell under increased scrutiny over the past year after two seriously mentally ill inmates at rikers island died and other problems.   new york's bluestone lane, an australian-themer, is two months or so from opening on the locust street side of the landmark hotel.   new york was ahead - with : left in the second, thanks mostly to its second unit, but the hawks used an - run to move ahead - with three minutes to go before the half.   new zealand foreign exchange dealer global brokers nz was also forced to close due to hefty losses incurred from the currency turmoil.   new zealand's kendra cocksedge was named women's player of the year, and the sevens players awards were given to south africa's werner kok, and new zealand's portia woodman.   nextbit will be able to establish more of a relationship with potential customers using the internet and social media, moss said.   next comes a rustic german dance movement, marked alla danza tedesca.   next door is the churchill museum, the only major museum in the world dedicated to his life, featuring rare diaries, photographs and extracts from his inspirational wartime speeches.   next door neighbour john halpin told how cudworth got his wife a job behind the bar but had become jealous.   next story readers respond: how has youth homelessness affected you?   "next thing i knew he was drowning.   next thing you know, eight sets of photos with the same dessert but a variation of faces are uploaded to facebook while the cake collects dust.   next time you find yourself feeling down, pick one of these ideas and go for it.   next to the table we met -year-old hamid abbas, wearing not a uniform but a dishdasha.   next up will be rick graybill, former guide and expert on fishing with a bobber and jig on the columbia river.   next week, mps from across canada will vote on their next speaker on dec. . in the meantime, ouellette plans to get in touch with many of them to ask for their support.   next week's visit to washington by president muhammadu buhari is viewed by the u.s. administration as a chance to set the seal on improving ties since he won a march election hailed as nigeria's first democratic power transition in decades.   next year is a presidential election year, which means that a republican president and fcc could drastically change the tone at the agency.   next, you can decide if you want to enable friends to find you via your phone number.   neymanns said that while it is clearly in everybody's interest to prevent attacks, "to put three police officers on the doorstep of every refuge would not be the answer, and would have an alienating effect."   ne-yo's take on "friend like me" is more energetic and smoother, and jessie j's "part of your world" lends itself to a more confident, grown-up little mermaid.   nfl games will be blocked on mobile devices, however, because verizon has those rights.   ngo dinh diem was a province chief and cabinet minister in bao dai's administration.   nhial mulual memorial members of calgary's south sudanese community gathered to remember a young man who died four years ago after he was crushed by a tractor trailer while on the job at a grocery warehouse.   nhs 'rescuing' smokers and drinkers the nhs is under too much pressure "rescuing" people from illnesses through smoking, drinking and poor diet, the health minister warns.   nhtsa administrator mark rosekind said in a statement that brangman's death in an unrepaired rental car is more evidence of why his agency wants authority to stop the sale or rental of cars with unrepaired recalls.   nia said to those who have experienced miscarriage, she can now relate to how they feel.   nicaragua's private secretary minister for national policies dr. paul oquist kelley speaks during an interview as part of the cop, united nations climate change conference, in paris, thursday, dec. , .   "nice song, though."   nick hardin, chase jackson and lawson ford each hit a three-pointer for the cougars in the early going.   nick heymann, an analyst at william blair and co., called the electrolux deal "great," but said ge "couldn't get around" the anti-trust issues.   nick hoag posted three aces in leading canada to victory over cuba in the final of the norceca continental championship on saturday night in cordoba, mexico.   nicki minaj, bebe rexha & afrojack)" (atlantic records) . jess glynne, "hold my hand" (warner music uk) . major lazer, "lean on (feat.   nick wing senior viral editor, the huffington post ryan grim washington bureau chief, the huffington post roque planas national reporter, the huffington post credit: alex wong via getty images protesters display signs criticizing u.s. drug policy.   nicole added: "i’m amazed by my a in english, b in media, b in finance and distinction* in ict.   nicole gereau-wilson, who lives in fredericton, said she thinks the money could have been better spent elsewhere.   nicole middleton:mommy and son share a giggle illogicallogic: melannie eldridge:my first photo with our newborn son james, the love of my life.   nigel williams-goss, who led all scorers with points, dribbled at the top of the key before passing to andrews with about eight seconds left.   nigel wilson of nottingham, central england, has been summoned over breaches of the air navigation order last year, scotland yard police headquarters said in a statement.   nigeria had million monthly active users as of june this year, all of them using mobiles to like, share and upload content on the social network.   nigeria has million users, south africa million and kenya . million.   "nigeria has made remarkable progress against polio, but continued vigilance is needed to protect these gains and ensure that polio does not return," who said in a statement in september.   nigeria's military said more than boko haram militants carried out the attack.   niger's president, mahamadou issoufou, was one of six african heads of state to attend a unity march in paris after the attacks against charlie hebdo.   nimoy died friday, february , his son adam nimoy told cnn.   nine people in the ring, among them three jewish israelis who own companies that sell the materials, were charged with assisting an enemy in wartime, terror financing and fraud.   nineteen crosses and american flags adorn the fence outside of station on july , in prescott, arizona.   nineteen people were hospitalized.   "ninety percent of zion is wilderness," picard said.   "ninety-six percent of the people around the world who are buying things are outside the united states.   nine victims have been identified by prosecutors.   "ninja blocks, the company, will almost surely be dead.   nixon would go on to narrowly win the election over democrat hubert humphrey, but more importantly, he emerged from the republican nomination process as the clear winner, trouncing nelson rockefeller, ronald reagan and romney.   n. korea threatens u.s. amid military exercises n. korea threatens attack on u.s. did kim jong un execute official?   nld has been formed to fulfil that duty," she said in a speech to supporters at her yangon party headquarters marking the th anniversary of her father's assassination.   no. michigan (-) no matter what happens on saturday at the big house this season is a success for the wolverines.   no. wound up being the deciding hole.   no. , you would be displacing a team that did have a top-eight record."   noah's father, yannick, still lives in france, while batum was born in france.   "no amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks and looting of shops."   no anti-islamic acts have been reported in germany since the terror.   nobel's last will and testament is on display until at least the end of may.   nobody behind the wheel can greece's anti-austerity government succeed?   “nobody has a right, in my view, to seek that office unless they’re willing to give it percent of who they are.”   "nobody is interested in conflict here and there's no reason why it needs to devolve into conflict.   nobody knows sgt. bergdahl's story.   nobody to my knowledge has ever added them all up.   nobody wants mtn to shut down."   "nobody wants to pay that price," the banker said.   nobody was found.   no casualty was reported among the government troops and from the npas during these skirmishes.   no child models or actors are involved, he says, so "there is no child abuse for creating sexual topic mangas".   no company is perfect, but as leaders we can strive to build an atmosphere where our teams are excited and passionate about their work.   no criminality is suspected, and cops are trying to determine what the woman was doing on the tracks initially.   no deadline deals for browns; manziel could start hours ago the cleveland browns are preparing to start johnny manziel at quarterback against the undefeated cincinnati bengals while one of the blockers that provides protection nearly was traded tuesday.   no details of the meetings were immediately available but brazil and india are among the biggest nations demanding that richer countries pay and do more to reduce carbon emissions.   no details on a suspect shooter were given.   no disciplinary action against the anchor is expected.   no dredge material will be placed in the world heritage area or the caley valley wetlands,” hunt’s spokeswoman said.   noel and lori seemed to be having more fun than most people i know.   "no escape," a weinstein co. release, is rated r by the motion picture association of america for "strong violence throughout and for language."   no expertise is needed to prepare attacks against western targets, it said, urging strikes in "america, if not possible then the uk, if not, then in france."   "no final deal yet in talks on the former yugoslav republic of macedonia," the commissioner said in a tweet.   no firefighting was needed but crews administered first aid and made the scene safe until a paramedic arrived.   no further details were given and a police official said a statement will be issued later.   no further information is available at this time concerning any charges pertaining to the dog attacks.   no further information was provided.   no. genocide was not even a word at the time, much less a legally defined crime.   no group ever claimed the attack, which appeared to have targeted a passing police vehicle.   no, his son has never been diagnosed with mental illness or depression, david ladue, john’s father, tells the police.   no information about the nature of the repairs completed has been released.   no. i think everyone assumes i have it figured out because i smile a lot, but they’re mistaking my relaxed attitude for a solution.   no, it is not a "debate" when a group of highly qualified, carefully selected, scrupulously vetted, multidisciplinary experts says "a," and joan shmo with no relevant qualifications and an obvious financial interest in the outcome says "b."   no, it's because it brings together people like no other place on earth - and (almost) anyone talks with everyone.   no joke-you can still make contributions cnbc days ago tom anderson you still have time to boost your retirement savings and lower your tax bill with a contribution to an individual retirement account.   nokia (nok), one of the biggest g players, believes that its g technology will allow for real-world speeds of about megabits per second when the network is most congested -- that's about four times faster than g's top speed.   noland said that while living standards are improving in pyongyang, provincial cities and the hinterland do not appear to be sharing in it and may be slipping backward.   nolan said response times aren't slowed by the unmanned vehicle.   no legislation was ever attempted to enhance police powers to investigate terrorism-related offences.   'nollywood' films are all-too wary of taboo issues in nigeria nigerian president muhammadu buhari had focused his election campaign on "change" - and promised an overhaul.   nomadness travel tribe and other groups, like travel noire, are capturing the attention of young black travelers by the thousands.   no matter how easy and clear he tried to make the process, many of his clients had trouble using their site or updating it with a basic blog post or photo.   “no matter if they are military or civilian – we love and appreciate them all and their service.”   "no matter what they find out happened to the engineer, amtrak should be responsible for the negligence in not protecting the (northbound) curve with automatic train control," he said.   nonaccrual loans of $ million were down % compared to the second quarter, and down % from the year ago quarter.   non-cash payments rose % in , according to data from the european central bank.   non-commodity exports were up by . per cent in january, led by a rise in exports of vehicles and auto parts.   non-compliance put their economic interests at risk as they were “deprived of an honest race run in accordance with the rules.”   no need to call people the same day they apply, but if you can make contact with qualified candidates within a week to begin the process, it starts the process on the right foot.   none of city light’s best-compensated employees in were women.   none of the charges have been tested in court.   none of the claims has been proven in court.   none of the opposition parties is a likely coalition partner, though the lure of power might prove attractive.   none of this comes cheap.   none of this would have happened if anonymous hadn't stepped in, said canning.   none of us know what's beyond the sensory realm, this tiny sliver of material life strewn within the infinite.   none of us want to lose valued colleagues," she said.   nonetheless, the innotab max is a decent product, particularly for younger children.   no new date has yet been set.   no new season of "the apprentice" is currently scheduled to air, so the network doesn't have to take any immediate action about trump.   "no, no, i want to play a lot more yet," he said.   non print subscribers have limited monthly access with options to read more.   no, of course not.   no, of course not… and that’s where walloid comes into play.   no official bid has been sent to wolfsburg for de bruyne, the club insist, however one is expected to be submitted soon.   no one can decide "against greece," she explained, but only "with greece," as it was a matter of "european solidarity".   no one can defend themselves against god.   no one can deny that." : gmt - labour "screwed" - afp's indefatigable patrice novotny reports from a london pub: paul, a labour supporter, is devastated by scots labour leader jim murphy's loss to the snp.   no one caught the hidden message until after it aired.   no one could blame hall and forbes for being so tired of seeing black women relegated to secondary (or tertiary, or nonexistent) roles that they can’t bear to make any of their own characters secondary, even in a play populated solely by black women.   no one could see the gunmen's faces.   no one else has been charged in connection with the funds.   “no one ever thinks to do preparation.”   no one goes into january hoping to gain five pounds and eat more potato chips.   no one has claimed responsibility for that blast, but a number of previous such explosions in the city and elsewhere in yemen have been claimed by islamic state in recent months.   no one has claimed responsibility for the hack so far, and cnn could not independently verify planned parenthood's claim.   no one -- including anyone from europe -- has the right to intervene in the pre electoral period underway in greece.   no one is doing anything to stop them because there are far too many.   no one knows exactly how many have drowned, but around , are feared dead.   no one loved theater more, his union better or cherished actors like theo did.   "no one takes bolder stands than senator rand paul," said doug stafford, the paul campaign's chief strategist.   no one was critically injured.   no one was hurt, but the airplane was heavily damaged.   no one was injured in the blaze, but those residents will be displaced for the time being, according to seattle fire.   no one was injured in the fire, but a man who lives in the motor home said he lost all his belongings.   no one was killed in the attack.   no one was prepared," bryant said.   no one will receive a severance package.   noor hospital head jamal abdul naser akhundzad said the girls were told "this is punishment for going to school" -- which, if true, would be in line with other instances in which islamist extremists have attacked girls for pursuing their education.   “no other flag will rise in sinjar,” massoud barzani, president of the kurdish government, said in a friday press conference on the mountain where peshmerga had raised a giant regional kurdish flag.   no other people were believed to be in the car.   no part of your story, however fascinating, will get the interviewer back into the room.   no party has an outright majority in the new parliament, meaning political bargains and deal-making are needed to form coalitions and decide on government posts.   nopd is enforcing this law when necessary.   no penalty was called on the play.   no place to land out of the weather, make the transition indoors.   no plan was implemented following that email and there is no possibility any media strategy could ever interfere with the conduct of the anti-doping process."   no problem for these guys beautiful photos of deserted london did fisherman discover fourth prehistoric human?   no purchase necessary.   "no questions right now," he told reporters.   no quick fix will do the job.   nor can they travel or go to school without a male guardian.   nor did he have much of a role throughout the game.   nor did she weigh in on the secretive tpp deal that could depress american wages and cost american jobs."   nordiques jerseys are a big seller in quebec city, but there is no hockey team.   nor do they qualify as victims within the lens of a corporate media regime hell bent on exploiting black pain, à la news outlets like cnn.   no. registration fees are non-refundable.   no response was heard and the digging continued.   norfolk southern's fuel bill fell nearly percent to $ million from $ million in the second quarter of .   nor has it shown it can send a missile as far as the us (though it has ample ability to hit south korea).   normal diplomatic relations will resume.   normal, except for at the dog park, where families used to steer clear of the -pound pooch.   “normally, i’d just have a ten-second question prepared,” he said.   normally in situations like this i blame the parents.   normally the cynic in me would think the doctor had a stake in the business, but then i remembered a friend telling me about her diabetic husband's life-threatening experience after slipping into a hypoglycaemic state (low blood sugar) on his way to work.   norris said there's no more he can say at this point.   “north and south are not just points on the compass,” but actual states of mind, he says.   northbeat: i am canadian (english) : in this blast from the past, salome awa responds to the famous "i am canadian" rant with her own version in may of .   north charleston police officer michael slager is seen standing over walter scott after allegedly shooting him …michael thomas slager’s first night on patrol with the north charleston, s.c., police department couldn’t have gone more smoothly.   "north dakota's population is growing, getting younger, and our citizens are taking advantage of more opportunities than ever before."   north diamondhead blvd. runs west to reach golf club drive, where the drive currently stops there is a proposed extension of golf club drive to head north in the direction of foley road.   north korea celebrates kim jong il's legacy photos tourist trap – yanggakdo hotel is one of the few places where tourists are allowed to stay in pyongyang.   north korea has determinedly pressed on with its nuclear weapons program, thumbing its nose at the international outcry.   north korea is already under a raft of un sanctions imposed after its three nuclear tests in , and .   north korea is banned under u.n. security council resolutions from conducting tests that use ballistic missile technology but has defied international warnings and sanctions to pursue missile and nuclear programs.   north korea is to hold regional elections on july , said another source in yanggang province, and it is likely special security forces are to remain dispatched at other towers of eternal life in the country.   north korean leader kim jong-un says pyongyang has developed a hydrogen bomb -- a claim greeted with … south korea, meanwhile, wants the north to agree to regular reunions for families separated by the korean war.   north of sacramento, a ,-acre (.-square km) blaze had threatened , homes and other structures at its height, but percent of that fire was contained by thursday and evacuation orders were downgraded to advisories, officials said.   northridge, california voice: () - e-mail: email us here website: visit our website blog: visit our blog if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   northwest bears is a gay men’s social and service organization providing a focal point within the gay community for bears and bear admirers.   northwestel wouldn't disclose how many customers it has, but says its fewer than that.   "northwestern's conduct permitted a culture of lawlessness to thrive," in protess' once-heralded investigative journalism program, the lawsuit claims.   • northwest university defeated host evergreen state -.   northwood has a police commission, so the selectboard really has no say in how their budget is structured.   norway's dno paid for kurdish oil exports hours ago oslo, norway, oct. (upi) -- norwegian oil and gas company dno announced it became the latest player in the kurdish oil fields to receive government payments for oil exports.   norway's lack of waste also means rubbish which should be recycled — like food, paper and plastics — is now burnt to keep the ovens going.   norway's marit bjoergen took the women's race in :..   norway's torger nergard stretched out before practice while sporting his team's signature eye-catching pants.   nor would the tax be added on when a new tenant moves in or added to the rent of current tenants in the newer apartment buildings that are exempt from rent regulation.   nos. and are considered nearly as hard, and she was relieved to hear that caldwell had navigated the th on saturday night.   no serious injuries were reported in any of the accidents.   no. show creator ryan murphy responded to the controversial scene from the first episode, stating that it was a metaphor for dealing with the pain of addiction-- one of the major themes for this season of the show.   no silver studs or golden medusa heads here.   no social fairness without rule of law fairness is the lifeblood without which the rule of law would lose its soul.   no solutions have been offered by the international community, except promises to one day help us to re-build the country over the endless mounds of dead bodies that now litter the streets.   no specific list of models was released.   no square footage is given in the ad, which focuses on the view and the close proximity to downtown sausalito.   no such systems were functioning properly at the beginning of the ebola epidemic.   no survey has been done, or could be done, on the number of sheep caught in wire.   notable leakers and whistle-blowers photos starting in , the u.s. public health service studied untreated syphilis in black men who thought they were getting free health care.   notably, the resolution says members of syria’s diaspora can vote in the election, which gives more say to people who have fled the conflict.   notably, walmart already has a grocery delivery service up and running in five markets going back to .   not all cicadas emerge en masse every years.   not all dow theorists would turn bearish this evening even if the dow closes below this ,. level, however.   not all government officials supported the ban, which sparked a fiery debate in parliament.   not all of his polaroids are of celebrities.   ""not all of hong kong's land has been used to construct flats.   not at all prequelly.   not bad, but no cigar.   not bad for a city with a brazilian population of roughly , people.   not because they don't want to honor antonio, but because they know emotions will be high.   not because you pose any immediate physical threat to the officer but simply because your attitude is seen as expressing disrespect.   not by coincidence, the team is calling it pita (portable instrument for trace acquisition).   not directly, but i was constantly living with that fear.   note of caution for anyone with wheels on their office chair: before doing postures that require support from your chair, either lock the wheels or hold onto a desk or wall instead.   notes from a dive bar xxvii i open a bag of nuts..   notes jack rabinovitch, founder of the lucrative scotiabank giller prize: "once it's happened, it can happen again."   notes price has allowed six goals in his six starts.   note that resetting your machine in this way means you'll lose the option to roll back to the previous windows.   note that this change only impacts customers who are out of contract; if you're signed to an existing two-year agreement, you'll keep your current rate for the term of that contract.   note: the cbc does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted.   note: this interview has been edited and condensed.   note to user: user expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the getty images license agreement.   not even origins of where we started here, but the motherland, in africa, and kind of connecting the dots.   not everyone wants to buy a piece of a mortgage or real estate through a fund or reit.   not everything can be attributed to the blob, however.   "not from an australian perspective, but from an international perspective.   no, the eu should firmly reject any form of escalation of the conflict.   no, there is still no herpes cure approved by fda at this moment.   no, there shouldn't be long-term fallout.   "no, there wasn’t any.   no, they don't actually make doughnuts.   nothing is by accident.   "nothing to date comes close to what this shift is likely to produce over the next decade or so, starting this year," said marc mauer of the sentencing project, an advocacy group.   nothing was allowed."   nothing would be sadder than to see them also have to pay for last sunday's "no" -- a farcical simulation of those earlier noble acts of defiance.   "not hostile to turkey" thinni's government earlier this week accused ankara of backing the tripoli government.   no time frame was set.   not in full-panic flight at this point."   not just an economy in turmoil but a resurgent taliban.   "not just from our players but from our staff.   not keen on the money?   notley says the government didn't keep up when financial times were good, and she says the work must be done now — low oil prices or not.   not long after he was released from prison in , he was shot to death in las vegas.   not long after, the senate cleared its draft of the policy roadmap that included slightly less funding for the aircraft, $ million, because it didn’t call for $ million to replace wings on the venerable fleet.   "not many brave lads when the masks drop from overhead," sheamus tweeted.   not much is known about this company's progress, beyond that it's researching a freight-carrying system to push cargo at super speed.   'not on a war footing' police are clear that there is no evidence that the mcguigan murder was sanctioned by anyone senior in the republican movement.   not one of the consistent august winners hail from the volatile technology sector or the cyclical industrial sector.   not only are mcdonald's shares beating the stock market, they're besting rivals wendy's (wen), chipotle and burger king owner restaurant brands international (qsr), at least this year.   not only can you invest in nearly anything inside of a taxable account, but there are no withdrawal requirements either.   not only did she move out to spokane, but she created a whole new identity for herself.”   not only did younger female elephants take up new social positions when an older matriarch died, but the links they forged with other elephant daughters mirrored connections once held by their mothers.   not only does this event deliver in the fun and games department, but it is also accompanied by complimentary food and beverages at river north's favorite destinations-the challenge stops.   not only is it just visually very cool – simple, practical, and aesthetically-pleasing – it’s also pretty much identical to the outfit he wears in the comics.   "not only is the student who is struggling able to seek help without stigma but hopefully their friends and classmates are also able to support their friend getting the help that they deserve and need," he said.   not only will scientists have to decipher how the epigenome affects genes, they will also have to determine how the lives people lead affect their epigenome.   not petrified trees, but -year-old dead trees scorched black by the sun.   not receiving minimum wage and overtime may have something to do with that.   not so easy while candidates talk about cutting small business taxes and government regulations, that may be easier said than done.   not so for the record high for january , set that same year: eugene shattered the old record of f for that day with a high of last saturday.   not stanley tucci, who says venice allows him to combine his two passions: movies and food.   not that enforcing bans is easy: omaha, for example, now pads signposts and puts hay bales around trees to protect sledders from themselves, after people routinely ignored a ban on a popular sledding hill.   "not that i'm aware of," said walker.   not that there are no speed bumps along the way.   not to mention the fact that none of her fights have ever reached a decision.   not to mention the fact that, of the female users, many are “scammers and webcam girls and sugar babies,” as one anonymous writer told vice this year.   "not to mention the fact that we continue to put our brave men and women in harm's way.   not two hour debates."   no updates on their injuries were released tuesday.   nova scotia road conditions in nova scotia, the provincial transportation department is cautioning people to be aware of black ice.   "nova star cruises is disappointed it has not been selected to continue operating the ferry service between yarmouth, nova scotia and portland, maine," the company said in an email to cbc news.   nova star ferry: cbc rides with transportation minister nova star cruises spending less, but buying more from nova scotia a gaspereau woman says sailing aboard the nova star ferry was anything but smooth.   november , - former navy seal robert o'neill says in an interview with the washington post that he was the one who fired the final shot to kill osama bin laden in .   november also saw former new zealand all-rounder chris cairns acquitted by a london court on charges of perjury relating to his earlier libel trial victory regarding match-fixing allegations.   november: speed of light image copyright thinkstock as the european nights darkened, a estonian start-up brought news that it had been able to use led light bulbs to transmit data at speeds of one gigabits per second.   novo nordisk must meet hiring and investment targets to collect all the promised state tax breaks.   now , simpson is serving nine to years on armed robbery and kidnapping charges in a confrontation with two sports memorabilia dealers at a las vegas hotel.   now a global team of experts are calling for doctors to focus on an individual's risks rather than rigid and "arbitrary" blood pressure thresholds.   now a jury will decide if he will be put to death.   now all muhanad wants is the money he says he's owed.   “now all the archaeologists think that they were made for the pharaohs’ graves.   now, all the signs point to a gst hike.   now, as bayh considers a return of his own -- he's still got $ million in his campaign bank account from -- coats will retire again, he announced tuesday.   now, aside from the original shoplifting charges, police say johnson is facing felony charges for escape, auto theft and resisting law enforcement.   now as i see him empty his throat from a post,i know for once why the carolina wren’s called great.   no. was it harder for him to vote?   now, at age , he is catching up: he has reached the tenth grade, takes pride in having learned english well enough to teach a course in a local academy, and knows that his family appreciates his dedicated, hard work.   now bandodkar, along with joseph wang at ucsd and their colleagues, have developed a flexible device that sticks to skin like a rub-on tattoo and sends a mild electrical current over the skin to detect a person's blood sugar levels, without needles.   now brown plans to double what's come before in our dwellings and work places.   now, can he hit more home runs than a select group of this year's sluggers?   now comes the obligation to explain why she changed it.   now cultural shifts are making way for lgbt acceptance, at least in some urban areas.   now dish is reportedly interested in acquiring t-mobile.   now, does what i want actually exist?   now don't get me wrong, her time in the house wasn't entirely a waste.   now eu regulations promoting sustainability are benefiting farmers as well as their land.   "no, we were not informed until the last minute.   now, fiorina is now focused on telling her story.   now five months pregnant with her third child, she was in washington last week checking on redevelopment of the old post office pavilion as a trump hotel.   now, having a consultation, two weeks after the decision has been made, what's the point?" he said.   now hear it is happening.   now he could see its conical head.   nowhere is this clearer than in bush's recent cringe-inducing suggestion that the real abusers of america's birthright citizenship are asian birth tourists — not latino "anchor babies," as trump claims.   now, he's about to open a storefront near the seaport farmers market on june st.   now, he says, "i would have done a few more things the way i wanted it".   now he's being courted by mit.   now, he's spending time putting the important parts back together.   "now i certainly didn't tell anybody, so who did?   now if he only learned to clean his room, not eat us out of house and home, leaving a debris field in his wake, and ditch some of the teenage drama, all would be great.   now if she joked about breastfeeding her daughter until she was , we would have cottoned on.   "now, if you get a job with the government, your own personal information may not be secure," he said.   now, i look at it and think, 'it's a symbol of irrational behavior.'   now imagine you're a teacher who has a year old that doesn't speak a word of english, and by the end of the year they expect them to read fluently.   now i'm not going to lie and say that all toddlers sleep or anything crazy like that, and it's a rare night when both of mine sleep through.   now, in the wake of last week's massacre in paris, the once-obscure satirical newspaper has a message that will be heard around the world: "they got the weapons -- screw them, we got the champagne!"   now it appears wilson deserves an assist for keeping a franchise player.   now it has a third approach to make sure ios adoption rates are high.   now i think that the database market is a third transaction processing, a third data warehouses and a third everything else.   now it is just the two of us walking a long, gently curved road, holding hands.   now it’s , below the average of about , according to marketing evaluations inc. this season is important for oz to determine his long-term viability, said bill carroll, an expert on the syndication market for the katz television group.   now it’s hard to walk around any city, from melbourne to montreal to mumbai, without seeing it stitched on someone’s shirt or hoodie.   now its tourism body hopes the new app will help further boost thailand's tourism sector, which makes up about percent of its economy.   now it's up to a tribunal panel to hear the complaint to decide if imana will be sanctioned.   now it was only a few hours before my friend was expecting me, when my lovely youtuber friend emily hartridge posted a video on facebook on 'the reasons why you shouldn't netflix and chill'.   now, just the ruins of their homes and businesses and some other buildings remain: an old school, the bones of a long-defunct gold mine, a tumbling-down hotel, all ghosts from an american past.   now listen to him!   now look at her.   now, more than ever, it stands for "young americans challenging high technology."   "now, no one from new jersey!   now, on any given weekend night, there are dozens of djs playing."   no wonder, then, that intimate relationships are often managed like a computer game.   no wonder the plp chairman and the government are so defensive, personal and belligerent over its vat policy and secretive over the accounting of exactly where these tax dollars are being spent.   now plan is to pay a taxi euros to drive to vienna.   now seems to be the right moment for the leaders who are directly concerned here to seek a fresh, viable solution relying on currently accepted principles of contemporary behavioral economics.   now step back and admire how you have successfully decluttered.   now that he's clean and trying to get back on his feet, he decided to head to the advance poll.   now that is not to say that i don't sympathize with waiters and waitresses for how little they are paid.   "now that mobiles are the dominant form of communication, we're just asking that these free calls be extended to mobile."   now that picture has changed and china has become our key market for sure.   now that's a question of strength, but it's also a question of judgment.   "now that sir howard's commission has made its recommendation, the government must commit to the decision now, and get diggers in the ground at heathrow swiftly by .   now that state is re-thinking the rules that allow parents to opt-out of having their children vaccinated.   now that the early phase of the competition will soon wind down -- a free-for-all primarily revolving around televised debates -- trump will have to prove his chops if he is to win in iowa, new hampshire and the primaries that follow.   "now that they're dead, he wants to stay here in kobani next to them."   now the -year-old georgia-born doc – who never completed the formal training to practise in the uk - has pleaded guilty to offences of deception, fraud and visa offences.   now the board is worried some players won't want to pay the fee with no guarantee they'll open.   now the bush administration's approach was, "we're not going to allow you to become a nuclear state, but we are neither going to go to war against you nor structure a diplomatic alternative for you."   now the family waits to see if they get any support at vancouver city hall.   now, the focus is shifting to the tiny republic of moldova on the eu's eastern border, and the breakaway territory of transnistria.   now the hawaii department of land and natural resources says most of the bleached corals have recovered.   now the legendary german cinematographer turns . opinion: hollywood is reinventing itself .. this year's oscars largely went to experimental, artistic films.   now the once secretive realm acts without restraint.   now the president can please the base that elected him to two terms while plausibly denying that he does not oppose the project, just attempts to leapfrog his administration's review of the project.   now there's a concept for a great tv show.   now, there’s a good chance he never plays another game in the american hockey league.   now there seems to be a good medical reason to do so.   now the saying became an educational vehicle in the black community to expose the daily crisis that would now be revealed by video footage taken by courageous witnesses.   now, the side opposite likes to say that they have rescued this country from fiscal mismanagement in but i ask the bahamian people are they better off today than they were in ?   "now the team is finalised we can all have full focus for the week in germany and i can't wait to see the players together at st leon-rot."   now the united states unequivocally provides a security backstop for israel and the gulf states against iran.   now, the website's administrators have started taking action, deleting five subreddits, which break the rules "based on their harassment of individuals."   now they needed to raise money to renovate the space.   now they're scared they won't have benefits, he added.   now they risk losing credibility on a typical cornerstone issue for their party — national security — by making avoidance of a dhs shutdown the first critical test of their new majority in the senate.   now think of all the exciting research opportunities for scientists if they can have access to the lunar surface!   now, this is something of an interesting conversation on when it's appropriate to use a drone, and what authorities can tell you not to.   now, "this last bastion has fallen," malashichev says.   now two stocks that are total bellwethers of chinese constructions roared.   now unless he was just saying that on cnn to be nice, but he did say that..   now unlike other workout and fitness programs john romaniello takes a unique approach in that he tackles weight loss on a hormone level.   now watching up next abbott survives leadership challenge australia prime minister tony abbott survives a leadership challenge but support is weak.   now watching up next apple beats on revenue, earnings, but disappoints the market only apple could beat expectations for the top and bottom line and still disappoint analysts.   now watching up next breast cancer screening guidelines changed the american cancer society announced changes to how doctors and patients should screen for breast cancer.   now watching up next bush, clinton bond over grandkids former presidents george w. bush and bill clinton traded stories on aging, politics and, of course, the joys of being a grandparent on thursday night.   now watching up next capturing a very special valentine's day moment sneaky engagement photographer james ambler has snapped pictures of some proposals!   now watching up next details released about alaska plane crash victims nine people were killed when a sightseeing plane slammed into a cliff in a national forest near ketchikan, alaska.   now watching up next fred hoiberg leaning towards coaching the chicago bulls?   now watching up next giovani dos santos outshines lampard and pirlo as big beasts enter mls fray it was only when he was named in the starting line-up that giovani dos santos’s impact on la galaxy became apparent.   now watching up next higher oil prices are good for opec: al-harami may -- independent oil analyst kamel al-harami discusses the oil markets ahead of next week’s opec meeting.   now watching up next japan hit with . magnitude quake near anniversary of fukushima disaster a magnitude . earthquake struck off the shores of northeastern japan on monday.   now watching up next starbucks is raising its prices today july -- bloomberg’s tom keene, brendan greeley and vonnie quinn look at the twitter question of the day.   now watching up next the bots helping swat teams fight terror in europe december -- among the many tools available to french swat teams tracking down perpetrators of the recent terrorist attacks are little robots made by roboteam.   now watching up next 過年大禁忌 這些動作做了會衰一整年！   now we are in europe and we already feel safe somehow," abara said.   "now we have to deliver," the diplomat says.   "now we may have greece for dinner, and the uk for dessert."   "now, we need to keep it up as best we can, even as we hope for as much rain and snow as we can safely handle.   "now what are they going to do?"   “now when i see my children and grandchildren i always have the feeling of victory because i was not supposed to be here,” she told radio free europe/radio liberty.   "now when you think about a residential building lot, a standard residential subdivision building lot is what, - metres wide?   now, williams has travelled the world to play for churchgoers across the globe, even performing at st. peter's basilica at the vatican in .   now, with opec's decision to keep pumping at current levels, analysts expect oil to remain relatively cheap well into and maybe longer.   now with the loss of further production, the university of windsor professor says the plant's fate hinges on the company bringing in a new line.   now, with this goal, we have the chance to tackle water in a comprehensive manner.   now you can quickly insert cat kaomoji without having to remember!   nox pollution causes more than , premature deaths in the eu yearly, according to european commission estimates, and additionally causes up to billion euros ($ trillion) in health bills each year.   n> shares hit an all-time high on thursday after chief executive steve easterbrook said a rebound in quarterly restaurant sales showed that his turnaround plan is starting to work.   n> to acquire ketchup maker h.j. heinz co for $. billion two years ago. g is now expected to merge kraft with heinz if it clinches a deal.   ntsb is investigating an accident involving two piper pa - airplanes that collided in wasilla, ak today.   nucatola mentions that to avoid violating that ban, some doctors use the drug digoxin, which can be toxic to a fetus in sufficient amounts.   nuclear power in china is seen as 'green' energy unlike in germany, the government in china doesn't need to reckon with massive anti-nuclear demonstrations.   number of people patient served: people.   number two, if you slow down and you don't speed, you're not going to get a ticket.”   numerous books, conferences and pundits have examined theories behind these gaps, but whatever the reason, a simple truth remains -- we need more women in leadership.   numerous officers kept the area blocked off until emergency tactical services arrived and discovered the bodies inside the home.   nunnelee was operated on this summer but after numerous complications, he entered hospice care on monday, jan. . his death sets up a special election for the deep-red northern mississippi seat.   nurse nina pham's lawyers say texas health resources' pursuit of a worker's compensation claim is meant to quash pham's lawsuit against the company.   nvidia will replace the affected tablets for free.   n.w.t. health minister glen abernethy says all the patients affected have been followed up with or they're in the process of being followed up with.   n.w.t. premier bob mcleod is holding a press conference at : p.m. local time to address today's news.   nye: bring it on.   oak flooring with a distinct dark brown stain and a hint of whitewash contribute to a unified feeling in the space.   o), are protected under an international treaty known as the madrid protocol, according to world intellectual property organization data.   obama alluded to the reluctance of the shiite-dominated government in baghdad to enlist and arm sunnis in the country’s security forces as an impediment to a successful campaign against is.   obama also consults with his counterparts by telephone and videoconference.   obama also signed off on the use of u.s. air power to support afghan troops, according to the times.   obama also used the trip to boston to renew his call for congress to pass the healthy families act, which would require all businesses with or more employees to offer up to seven paid sick days each year.   obama and modi spent much of the afternoon in private talks.   obama and putin won't hold another formal meeting in turkey, but white house officials said they would have plenty of time to talk on the sidelines of the g-.   obamacare was established to deal with these stark facts.   obama echoed this theme on sunday, remarking that “as we’ve become better at preventing complex, multifaceted attacks like /, terrorists turned to less complicated acts of violence like the mass shootings that are all too common in our society.”   obama has conceded that iran's expanding ballistic missile programme should be left out of any nuclear deal, despite the fact that they now have missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads and striking targets in israel, saudi arabia or even europe.   obama has repeatedly mocked christie and other republicans this week.   obama has said he will veto any bill along those lines, and republicans will need a two-thirds majority in both houses to override his objections.   obama has said his government takes the hack "very seriously" and had warned the united states would "respond proportionately."   obama has vowed to veto the congressional legislation as long as the state department is still conducting a formal review of the project.   obama, in his address, said the world could not stand by while ukraine's sovereignty was being violated.   obama is serving as the th president of the u.s. and the first african-american to be elected to the office of president in the history of the united states.   obama last year ordered the labor department to re-examine that threshold.   obama needs seven more democratic senators to support the deal and ensure its passage.   obama on tuesday said he disagreed with the ruling.   obama provided few specifics, and white house and education department officials said funding details would come out later with the president’s budget.   obama's address came just days after a gunman fired on a congresswoman and her constituents at a gathering in tucson, arizona.   obama's administration is planning to train sunni tribes' fighters as part of its move to send additional u.s. forces to iraq.   obama said in a recent interview with an israeli television station the u.s. will have to re-evaluate "how we approach defending israel on the international stage around the palestinian issue."   obama's announcement came ahead of a global climate summit in paris.   obama says the deal is the only alternative to iran moving forward on developing a nuclear weapon, risking more war in the middle east.   obama’s call to also update the racketeering influenced and corrupt organizations act to apply to hackers would match efforts by law enforcement agencies to build cases against online crime syndicates using methods similar to investigations of the mafia.   obama, sitting alongside nato's secretary general in the oval office on tuesday, said russia had taken an "increasingly aggressive posture" in europe.   obama spent about an hour with the families.   obama spoke with congress planning to leave town for a two-week recess by week's end.   obama throws out the opening pitch before a baseball game between the philadelphia phillies and the washington nationals on opening day at nationals park in washington in april .   obama was looking at the entire chess board; not just nuclear weapons, not just iran, but the middle east and beyond.   obama was upset when house speaker john boehner didn't consult with the white house before inviting netanyahu to give a speech to congress just as the iran nuclear talks were approaching a critical juncture.   “obsessing over our customers is everybody’s job.”   "obtaining an audit firm's work papers is critical to (the sec's) ability adequately to protect investors from the dangers of accounting fraud," sec enforcement director andrew ceresney said in a statement.   "obviously, everything has an influence on the art of an artist," said gallery owner alexander ochs.   obviously it’s not going to be the case,” he said.   obviously, that's a big challenge tonight with the quality of the team that's coming in here.   “obviously the river is full.   "obviously too much ice, it makes it impossible to reach the beach so we cannot work," said neas president suzanne paquin.   "obviously we have our roots in the south, there are events in the south, it's part of our history like it is for the country," said france in an associated press interview.   "obviously, we're not trying to do that right there," maddon said.   occasional rains are expected over the regions of cordillera and cagayan valley and the provinces of zambales and bataan while partly cloudy to cloudy skies with isolated thunderstorms will prevail over metro manila and the rest of the country.   occupational eczema, a severe itchy skin rash, is often caused by such chemical exposures and frequently drives hairdressers and trainees out of the profession, researchers report in the journal occupational and environmental medicine.   ocean acidification threatens to scramble marine life on an unfathomable scale check out: whether you want to eat cheap or eat well, we'll help.   ocean acidification threatens to scramble marine life on an unfathomable scale get the best our region has to offer with best bets.   oceans north canada is calling on federal aboriginal affairs minister bernard valcourt to reject baffinland's request for an exemption to nunavut's land use plan.   o'connor was named mvp of the game and stavros katsantonis was named defensive player of the game.   oct. — hayes tearfully admits to a newspaper report that in she was paid $, to marry an -year-old ethiopian immigrant seeking to stay in the united states.   october , - after being closed for days as a result of the partial government shutdown, the statue of liberty reopens due to state funding.   october , - a'zhari passes away.   october , - is reinstated as president of haiti, after a united states-brokered agreement.   october , - federal judge john sedwick has ruled that arizona's ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional and refuses to stay his ruling.   october : new hall is renamed philip amsterdam hall, in honor of the late alumnus who donated $ million to the university’s anthropology and public policy programs.   october - (syria) - meshaal tammo, a syrian kurdish activist, is assassinated.   october , : spain's new constitution recognises catalonia among various distinct communities in spain but lays down the "indissoluble unity" of the spanish nation.   october , : cristiano ronaldo heads home real madrid's second goal in a - win over las palmas.   october -, - egypt and syria launch the yom kippur war by with air strikes against israeli targets in the suez canal and golan heights.   oddly, canadians have hardly ever in their century and half of existence referred to their country as an "experiment" — something that might succeed, or might fail.   "oddly enough this is not the first time we've had this type of scenario, novak said, adding they've had successful releases after such incidents.   odds are, you'll spot one or two "lone wolves," the term fashion institute of technology associate professor vincent quan uses to describe men who are out shopping on their own.   odom started "throwing up all kinds of stuff" after a operator told them to turn him on his side, love ranch owner dennis hof told the associated press in a phone interview.   odorizzi got a big boost in the seventh inning when center fielder kevin kiermaier threw out catcher j.t. realmuto at the plate to end the inning.   odubel herrera was not in the lineup sunday for the second straight game.   oehling's confrontation with police seemed to echo a video he posted to facebook in january.   of ginkgo products tested, eight contained little or no ginkgo extract.   of all firms pitching to angel funders last year, only seven percent were minority-owned.   of all the children who die before age , % die on their first day and % die during the first days of life.   of all your savings priorities, retirement contributions can be particularly easy to make automatic, if you have access to a company-sponsored retirement plan, like a (k) or (b).   of approximately , volunteers, about , have passed muster and await movement to training camps in other countries.   of course, divorce law is a totally different kind of law than criminal law.   of course, if exercise -- or lack of it -- is truly interfering with someone's health, it may be safer to consult a dietitian, a physician or a mental health professional, "or a mixture of all three," says carter.   of course, it appears your "mistake" wasn't just a "mistake" after all!   of course, many of these candidates have advocated a few liberal policies, but they have not been comfortable embracing the liberal brand; they have been moderates or closet conservatives.   of course, not all mass transit authorities offer truly real-time data — geops notes that much of the map is based on schedule information, though it incorporated live data where it could.   "of course, our hope is that he be completely free," el chacar told cbc daybreak on monday.   of course, sally and her sisters and brother were on their mother’s side.   of course, that means half of working parents are not feeling like they're acing both parts of their lives.   of course, there are others who think that way, too.   of course, the same also goes for windows games, which you can record simply by using the windows + g command.   of course, this isn't just a currency problem.   of course, toying around with a device at a trade show is very different from using a phone every day.   "of course, we have differences with some european countries, but that can be negotiated through interaction, open eyes and a realistic approach."   of course, we must improve our nation's cybersecurity both in the government and in the private sector.   “of course we shouldn't underestimate the security risk.   off-field issues may render peters a draft-day value pick.   off-hour activities or hobbies -- such as an administrator who enjoys programming -- may come to help in devops operations.   "officer brelo risked his life on that night," brelo's lead attorney, patrick d'angelo, said after the verdict.   officers and emergency crews found the woman dead in a suite in the block of the city's tuxedo avenue on thursday around a.m. after receiving a call that she was unresponsive.   officers and medics responded to the scene, near th street and highway , at about : a.m. after receiving reports of a serious crash.   officers are keen to speak to anyone who may have been in week street between midnight and am.   officers found the man with a gunshot wound in his arm and a vehicle which had also been shot in the block of bowwood drive.   officers located shaw, detained and questioned him.   officers originally responded to the location after receiving a call of an unknown stench coming from the apartment.   "officers responded to concerns that a property in missenden court had caused persistent problems to other residents in the area.   officers say a car flipped over and struck a power pole around : p.m., bringing down power lines but not causing any power outages.   officers shot armed bikers, he said.   officers were cleared of wrongdoing in the previous shootings.   offices in silicon valley tend to be hip and youthful, but thiel has a taste for the more upscale and elegant.   officially known as "struggle against u.s. imperialism month," north koreans swarm to war museums and mobilize for gatherings denouncing the evils of the united states.   official results will be released in february.   officials also ordered the largest closure of the state’s dungeness crab fishing.   officials believe "this is an isis response to the tikrit operation that is ongoing in the north," al-issawi said.   officials did not identify any specific countries that could be in line for drone exports, but some potential nations would include israel, egypt and even some of the eastern european countries who have been concerned about the rise and threat of russia.   officials from the missouri department of natural resources and geological engineers are reportedly monitoring the situation.   officials from the state health department say bernick touched and squeezed the patient on her knee, thigh and midsection.   officials had until then only confirmed the presence of calcium carbide, potassium nitrate and sodium nitrate.   officials in her ministry have spent the fall surveying ontario school boards to find out how much time students spend on math and comparing it to other places.   officials in san francisco and the other u.s. cities that had been in the running, los angeles and washington, d.c., were left wondering why they came up short.   officials in washington have expressed unease at the level of iranian involvement in the overwhelmingly sunni city which was executed dictator saddam hussein's home town.   officials obtained a dna sample from the donor to identify any limb that's recovered.   officials report ohio fire deaths so far this year the state fire marshal's office says people have been killed in fires around ohio so far this year.   officials reportedly ready to kill 'aggressive' sharks officials reportedly ready to kill 'aggressive' sharks : a -year-old man was injured in a separate shark attack in the same area friday morning.   officials said crews from the provincial water security agency successfully rescued an estimated to fish on monday night, moving them from a spot near the bridge to wascana lake where oxygen levels are higher.   officials said residents should: keep domestic animals under observation.   officials said that no one from her family was present, and that the party was not thrown by moore or her kids.   officials said the fire was caused by a mechanical problem in the vehicle's engine.   officials said the problem was with one of the two motors needed for second-stage rocket thrust steering.   officials said there was no loss of life.   officials said the venue, expo idaho, requires gun show vendors to secure weapons' triggers before a show starts.   officials say a new hydro dam is needed in the territory because electricity demand is forecast to grow by two-thirds over the next years.   officials say crabs sold in stores and restaurants remain safe to eat.   officials say expanding background checks by closing the "gun show loophole" is the most likely option, though they concede legal and administration hurdles have slowed the process.   officials say international veterinarian experts have been flown to kazakhstan to study other possible causes for the catastrophic die-off.   officials say its survival is a new year's miracle.   officials say lint in a dryer vent had caught fire.   officials say that in a -minute period three vehicles were pulled over after a car drove up behind them with a flashing strobe light.   officials say that the first train carrying about , migrants left tuesday morning from the serbian town of sid toward slavonski brod, croatia, where authorities have set up a winter camp.   officials say the skunk approached a dog and sprayed it, then bit a woman on the foot in a nearby yard.   officials warned they might temporarily suspend power and water service as the storm approaches.   officials will not speculate as to cause — city of philadelphia (@philadelphiagov) may , former pennsylvania congressman patrick murphy was on the train and tweeted: im on @amtrak train that just crashed.   offset the effect by eating before you drink, and make sure to alternate your cocktails with water so you stay hydrated, says rumsey.   often brand logos aren't added until they reach catania, to avoid scrutiny from authorities.   often fed with seawater that had been filtered, lidos provided the comforts of changing rooms along with the excitement offered by diving boards, all within sight and sound of the actual beach.   often, governors and business leaders will line up deals that can be finalized on foreign soil as evidence of the successful fruits of their trips.   often photographed at high-flying parties, thomas has spent millions of dollars in casinos in the past.   often they're overcrowded, and many take on water along the way.   "often we are shut out of the chinese marketplace or our entrance comes with many conditions, many of which are very unsatisfactory for american tech companies."   of the members on the committee, the five who attended were tories steve williams and terry westgate, labour’s alan baldock and lib dems michael dixey and charlotte maccaul.   of the passengers on board, refused to fly and were given full refunds, airasia officials said.   of the crimes recorded, were violent.   of the , troops the u.s. deployed, just will remain in west africa after april , officials said.   of the eight children to whom we collectively read "the rabbit who wants to fall asleep," the closest we came to achieving sleep from this book was a -year-old who read it to herself and reported she fell asleep soon after finishing it.   of the facial muscles and with billions worth the risk and when i cut bella it's some it's not you.   of the four employees at the bank, only one will continue to work for rabobank at another location.   of the four senate candidates murray asked employees to support in the mid-term election, all lost.   of the twelve, ten were accused of engaging in sexual misconduct; one was accused of supplying alcohol and marijuana to minors; one was accused of failing to report a friend engaging in sex with a minor (failure to report child abuse).   of this amount, a charge of $ million was taken in the second quarter ended june , including $ million for severance and lease termination costs.   of those, or around six percent were civilians, including children, according to the observatory.   of william carvalho’s decisive spot-kick, he added: “i had a feeling he’d go for that side, i went the right way and saved the penalty.”   oh, and by the time all that water got down to california, it'd probably be far too expensive for anyone to use it — even more expensive than desalinating ocean water.   ohio lawmaker pushing for increased use of bicycle helmets several agencies to take part in training at yeager airport this week comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   ohio state was selected for no. and received first-place votes.   oh, the car was fun to drive, got exceptional gas..   oh well, i won't edit my post.   oh yeah, good with that not guilty plea dirtbags.   oil and gas companies and "other manufacturing and service companies related to the sector" account for per cent of the reported layoffs in , according to alberta jobs spokeswoman shirley lin.   oil companies show renewed interest in iran record passengers keeps cruising buoyant what are the biggest trends in u.s. travel?   oil has dropped more than percent since this year’s peak closing price in june on concern the global surplus that drove crude into a bear market will persist.   "oil hasn't found a bottom yet, and that's a concern for investors," said paul nolte, senior vice president, portfolio manager at kingsview asset management.   oil is the lowest it's been since early .   oil minister ali al-naimi, foreign minister prince saud al-faisal, and finance minister ibrahim al-assaf stayed in the cabinet of the world's leading oil exporter.   oil prices were under pressure from the equities slump but seesawed were last up slightly.   oil-rich saudi arabia opposes wording calling for a phase-out of carbon emissions, while small island nations that face an existential risk from rising seas are among the strongest advocates.   okay, technically that price varies by country: the finland-base country assumes a % vat will apply on its product page, but adjusts the price for each country during checkout.   oklahoma city set a new monthly rainfall total this weekend — . inches through saturday, beating the previous one of . in .   oklahoma city went into friday's game with a one-game lead over the new orleans pelicans for the eighth and final playoff spot in the western conference.   oklahoma gov. mary fallin declared a state of emergency for central oklahoma counties.   ok, this is it.'   "ok, we're just advised the suspect shot himself."   older houses are consistently being torn down in favor of modern town homes and duplexes for students.   oleg tumanov, the founder and ceo of ivi, says: "tv hasn't undergone any fundamental changes in the last years.   ole miss has lost two of three since a road victory over alabama in september.   olive garden closed, for the night.   oliver saxby qc, chairman of the kent bar mess oliver saxby, chairman of the kent bar mess - an association for barristers practising in the county, added he was also concerned by the move.   oliver states "now that redevelopment has occurred, a reevaluation is appropriate" adding that development could occur "in certain neighborhoods even without receiving the benefit of a tax abatement".   olivia watkins hwang, a spokeswoman for the louisiana health department, cited a state law that allows the termination of any medicaid provider agreement within days.   olson is a lifelong trojans fan who has been around the program since pete carroll was the coach in , the same year olson completely lost his sight.   olympic qualification at stake the event is canada's first chance to qualify for the olympics.   o'malley and democratic lawmakers came under criticism by maryland's county leaders and republicans as they withdrew money from the state's transportation trust fund to cover budget shortfalls throughout the recession.   o'malley, meanwhile, has stagnated in most national polls and ticked up slightly in early states like new hampshire and iowa.   o'malley: the former maryland governor is cutting short an overseas trip amid the violence in baltimore.   omani foreign minister yusuf bin alawi and assad discussed regional and international ideas that have been put forward to address the syrian war, sana said.   omar khadr, a canadian who has been serving for afghanistan war crimes, won bail last month, but the federal government has appealed, and he'll now learn thursday whether his release will proceed.   omar, not his real name, is waging a ferocious and very personal battle with the extremist group that has occupied his native city, al-raqqa, in syria.   ombudsman review would be more efficient, liberals say committee chairman, liberal mla scott hamilton, said next week's legislative change would ensure the ombudsperson faces no further roadblocks to conduct a review.   omg, boy bands photos the boys – the boys released three albums between and .   omg what took so long? common sense should have told them something in the beginning.   on minutes, ribery broke free from his markers on the left, dribbling inside and striking the ball low and into the corner of the net.   on december the rebels declared an indefinite cessation of hostilities, in an unprecedented move.   on a daily basis, dr. winters handles consults and follow-up checkups between procedures.   on a giant screen in the courtyard, the photos of the killed scrolled by -- photos taken in happier times: smiling faces, posing by the eiffel tower, or on a night out with friends.   on a given night, wright and a handful of workers clean between and airplanes, from the restrooms to the seat-back pockets.   on amc's s-set drama "halt and catch fire," which is ending its second season on sunday, friends cameron and donna run an upstart computer company called mutiny.   on a mid-morning bait stop, watson was tossing a live anchovy near the water’s surface when something strong hit his bait attached to p-line fluorocarbon pound test line on an okuma cedros rod and reel.   on an album full of soulful, sexy cuts, it's the standout.   on april , , a us navy ep- reconnaissance plane and a chinese j- fighter collided about km from china’s hainan island.   on april , around the same time the nis believes hyon was executed, a kremlin spokesman said kim's visit was canceled due to north korean "internal affairs".   on august , discovery canceled his show after hayden was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape.   on average, american consumers spend almost three hours every day on a mobile device, according to mobile analytics firm flurry.   on average, each school shooting inspires . other school shootings, and each mass shooting inspires . additional mass shootings.   on average, pupils in bricks-and-mortar classrooms received the same amount of teacher time each day as the virtual pupils received on-screen each week.   on balance, i believe you will find this proposal extremely unpopular, divisive, and counterproductive.   once again a long pass completely bypassed the taiwan defense and the striker lifted over the outrushing lu to double the visitors lead.   once again it grew back and i didn't really have any problems again with my hair, maybe a few fall outs by the nape of my neck but i just didn't (and still don't) really tie my hair back, so i didn't notice much.   once again, that bet proved to be a bad one.   once again this year, fans will have the opportunity to vote on who they wish to see inducted by visiting the rock and roll hall of fame website or rollingstone.com and casting their ballot.   once answer may be an unusual version of a sugar called hyaluronan; the mole rat's genes that control how this sugar is made are slightly different than all other mammals.   once attained, psychological distance allows us to romanticize and feel nostalgia for almost anything.   once a week, he takes out his bucket, rubber gloves, and bleach wipes to collect a sewage sample.   once big energy etfs like xle (xle) and xop (xop) broke below the january lows a few weeks ago, the volumes spiked dramatically as investors gave up the ghost.   once everyone agrees that an advanced health care directive is in order, the next step is to draft one.   once he got up a break, he just loosened up and was just going for his shots.   once he had been treated on scene by a doctor, he was taken to a nearby hospital for further treatment.   once he ran a carfax search on both vins, he knew something was wrong.   once, in her late s, she admitted herself to hospital.   once in the city of brotherly love, adonis tracks rocky (sylvester stallone) down and asks him to be his trainer.   once i was able to get out for a few rides i could see i didn't feel too bad and could give it a go.   once notified of the allegations, the township immediately retained outside investigators to conduct an independent internal investigation which in part, is still ongoing.   once peterson's playing status is clarified, there's still the glaring matter of his disinterest in continuing his career in minnesota.   once primarily focused on drawing its brand of the faithful to a so-called caliphate in the middle east, the islamic state group has increasingly urged its followers to conduct attacks on foreign soil.   once seated, the jury will be under orders not to discuss the case.   "once somebody has that taint, they are just looked at differently.   once the campaign begins, the government will shift into caretaking mode.   once the cause of hair loss is diagnosed, dr. stuart says, she works in a professional partnership with her husband, triple board-certified plastic surgeon dr. chaffoo, to develop an appropriate treatment plan.   once the children reach adulthood, they can seek u.s. visas for relatives living abroad.   once the "hamburglar" had a new contract, murray knew he had to deal one of his other goalies, and lehner ultimately attracted more interest than anderson.   once there, i had to figure it all out, and my belief that i could handle these things, contrary to all evidence of my ability to do so, was half the battle.   once the strong storms clear out, the high temperature in atlanta on christmas eve is expected to be in the mid-s.   "once the weight started to come off i started cycle commuting, my route is about (kilometers) a day," she said.   once they had access, the hackers set out to find employees who were in charge of cash transfer systems or atms.   once they stop, children quickly gather around them.   once things start to go wrong, "day four" is a page-turner and fun for readers with easy access to the plumbing, fresh food, hand sanitizers and sanity that lotz's characters lack while the creepiness builds.   once upshaw returned to the team last summer, he thrived as a defensive menace off the bench.   once we have understood how green activism is reconfigured when it enters the corporate world, we can begin to scrutinise the environmental claims made.   "once, when i was quite young, and then i went back during one of my return trips to poland in the s.   "once you log on as a doctor, not only can you kill someone, you can actually birth someone," rock said.   once you put on these special goggles, you won’t be able to function correctly.   once your download is complete, windows will walk you through the process of burning a windows installation dvd or writing the installer to a usb flash drive, whichever method you chose.   once your lawn is raked and clean, choosing a good fertilizer is your next step.   on chilly days there's a potjie, a cast iron cauldron brimming with stew.   on climate change, tillerson said that models predicting the effects of global warming aren't very good and that it would be very hard for the world to meet aggressive emission-reduction targets.   on data mine, we make the numbers in the news make sense.   on dec. , knowles sent the undercover agent a sexually explicit image and a video from the email account of a second radio host that the host had received from another victim described as a “television host and columnist,” the complaint said.   on dec. , officers rafael ramos and wenjian liu were gunned down in their patrol car by a man who vowed online to kill "pigs."   on december , samsung realized an update would require coordination between samsung sns vendors and service carriers.   one afternoon, after jumpycat and i had smugly neutralised a blue field near our home in exchange for a small amount of mu, we were spotted by a viciously territorial resistance agent as he sped past on his bike.   one attacker identified as french the news agency agence france-presse reported that mostefai was the same attacker who was described saturday by paris prosecutor francois molins, something cnn has not confirmed independently.   one banker from miami, interviewed by time magazine, said his office's solution was to make women wear matching underpants, she said.   one bill, sponsored by republican and democratic house members, is modeled on an iowa plan that lets lawmakers vote on redistricting plans drafted by legislative staffers.   one bill would heighten standards for schools receiving g.i. bill funds, while another would help protect g.i. bill benefits for veterans whose schools close mid-term.   one block west of the corners, the hyatt place hotel will open soon.   one boat may carry people.   one body is of brown complexion, medium build, about centimetres ( feet inches) long and sports a dreadlocked hairstyle.   one briton was confirmed killed in the coordinated assault on the french capital, and the government said a "handful" of others were also feared dead.   one can imagine that this might be confusing to some.   one car drove through the group, but no one was seriously injured.   one casket had been spray-painted with the words, "for what?" and the other with "for whom?"   one child drowned, he said.   one childhood friend, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said he went there for a job opportunity.   one could imagine fina becoming fast friends and colleagues with sara paretsky's v.i. warshawski, sue grafton's kinsey millhone and laura lippman's tess monaghan.   one critical factor for brazil could be the absence of suspended captain neymar, who was banned after being sent off in a stormy copa america battle with colombia in june.   one day, i would truly like to experience this feeling.   one day, koirala met a woman named geeta, an hiv-infected former sex worker, who had been trafficked into sexual slavery in one of india's brothels.   one day, while eating breakfast at a local eatery, he sees lucy (drew barrymore) and strikes up a friendship.   one deputy attempting to subdue the suspect was crushed between the suspect’s vehicle and an adjacent radio car.   one direction perform live at the round house in camden, as part of the itunes festival, and d's fans have spent the day and early hours of the morning queuing to see their idols.   one economist i spoke to talked about the dollar falling "another five or six cents."   one example is the cancer drug velcade, which interferes with the cell's protein-chopping machine.   one example of an audit tool generated by an information system is a log file.   one expert says the region holds many lessons for the creditors in the greek crisis.   one factor, for example, are catholic kindergartens, of which there are in the paderborn diocese. percent of the funding for them comes from the state, but the remaining percent costs the diocese million euros per year, engel explains.   one finalist from , old dickdonald, breakdanced his way through pleasuring a cow.   one firefighter from a neighboring district broke away from a different blaze to help — giving anderson a crew of instead of . but that was it.   one friend said he was not very outgoing, although he would invite a few people to his apartment.   one gigabit is about times faster than the average home cable-modem connection.   one group of stocks that have been roaring recently are the industrials, including ppg industries, the specialty chemical maker that produces proprietary paints and coatings.   one high profile example was the silent march against stop-and-frisk that she organized with my office and others, which brought mainstream attention to this unjust police practice.   one house was empty; the other wasn’t.   one hundred and forty nine persons were killed in the similar period last year.   oneida county district attorney scott d. mcnamara indicated wednesday during a phone call with hours' crimesider that the location of the attack on lucas leonard, at the word of life church, was not incidental.   one incident was reported on sept. in the block of north wells street in old town, and a second was reported on sept. on north state street.   one independent expert said the bugs "significantly weakened the security" of google's operating system.   one in five at your dining table over christmas — one in five in your car ­ — has had at some point, playing sports, that kind of injury.”   one in five women in the new study did not report experiencing any of the so-called vasomotor symptoms, like hot flashes or night sweats, during menopause.   one is being held sunday in summerside; another session gets underway in stanhope on tuesday.   one is flexible family care spending awards that could enable travel to meetings and conferences, for example.   one is shortstop, a position at which non-roster spring training invitee andres blanco is the closest thing the phillies have to a back-up for the unproven freddy galvis.   one issue, however, is that most of those movies and tv shows were mastered for standard dynamic range (sdr) and the narrower color range of hd.   one issue where he is likely to face questions from primary voters is on his past support for the common core educational standards, which are growing increasingly unpopular among the gop base.   one is the driver fatigue alarm that fits into the ear and beeps or vibrates when it senses the telltale nodding of a sleepy head.   'one lesson from this study is that even in countries with very restrictive laws, women are still seeking abortions.   one limitation of the new study is that the researchers didn't ask about driving while intoxicated specifically for alcohol and marijuana.   one local resident even has his own time-honored tradition of showing up with horse and buggy for his comp meal every two years after hitting the voting booth on election day.   one longtime federal judge estimates that there is so much pressure on people to plead guilty that there may easily be , people in prison for crimes they did not commit.   one major challenge is to get people to pay for a service they long associated with being free, rbc capital markets analyst mark mahaney said in a speech on wednesday (..).   one major problem is that it is generally up to the mobile device manufacturer to ensure that gps information is available, according to telstra.   one man is in critical condition in intensive care, and two others are in satisfactory condition.   one member of the shadow cabinet, speaking anonymously to the right-leaning daily telegraph, said radical leftist corbyn was "no longer fit to run the labour party", citing a "breakdown of trust."   one member reportedly pleaded to holness to relent instead of forcing the parliamentary group to resort to the constitutional route that could involve a vote and the intervention of the governor general to oust him.   one month earlier a -year old boy in oklahoma (usa) found a semi-automatic gun underneath the couch and shot his mother in the head; she got killed while she was changing the diaper of his -year old sister.   one month with the apple watch: pain, joy, and daily experiences read more you then need to take the angled and straight allen wrenches provided by lunatik and loosen the screws in the lug area of each side.   one morning when i was five or six, i woke early and, wandering downstairs, feeling that the house was empty, saw him on the couch at the far end of the living room.   one needs to open the door, the other needs to walk through," says demir.   one obvious case came in august, just one month after walker launched his presidential bid, when the governor signed legislation to use $ million in state and local funds to pay for a new stadium for the milwaukee bucks professional basketball team.   one of mansour's deputies is sirajuddin haqqani, a leader of the haqqani network, which is also linked to al-qaida.   one of our insights has been that there are no silver bullets.   one of our junior squads " busted n dusted " placed th out of teams advancing them to compete in the state tournament june th.   one of the arriving officers was working to find out if a crime had occurred, while the other talked to o'farrell.   one of the attackers has been identified as french and known to security services.   one of the biggest challenges is developing a pipeline of not only entry level talent, but also mid- and senior-level talent.   one of the biggest concentration camps, thousands of prisoners from auschwitz and gross-rosen had been transferred there.   one of the biggest deterrents for drugmakers is that any new, more powerful antibiotics would need to be used sparingly because overuse could give rise to even more resistant bacteria, he said.   one of the bullets, however, went into a nearby apartment and narrowly missed hitting someone in the head, according to the probable-cause document.   one of the complainants paid adams $, while another paid the accused $,.   one of the explosions was estimated to be equivalent to tons of tnt, or a magnitude-. earthquake, according to the china earthquake networks center.   one of the filmmakers who gave us the very concept of the blockbuster in the ‘s has done many things in his long, hugely influential career, but no steven spielberg picture has ever been small.   "one of the functions of the national hotline is people calling with tips," explains polaris ceo bradley myles, who says the company's independent ngo status means people are more willing to talk.   "one of the greatest humanitarian catastrophes in recent times and our government's answer is to publish advertisements.   one of the hottest tapas bars in town is abuzz with sevillianos and tourists who keep coming back for the fashionable cuisine.   one of the issues is whether the programs are “voluntary” when employers reward employees for participating, and sometimes penalize employees who don’t participate.   one of the largest and most widely referenced studies was published in by peter doran and maggie kendall zimmerman.   one of the main issues on the table at the librarians' conference may seem unusual to those outside of germany: not digital media, but sunday opening hours.   one of them, an -year-old, suffered serious burns to her face, hands and feet and remains hospitalized.   one of the many demands of the green movement was for iran to improve its relations with the west, an election promise president rouhani heeded with the nuclear deal.   one of the missiles damaged a pipeline, but it had already been repaired by the morning," the report reads.   one of the more famous examples came june , after german chancellor’s angela merkel’s instagram account had to block russian-language comments after it was flooded with curses and insults within minutes of being opened.   one of the most disturbing reported incidents was oct. , when a swastika, scrawled in feces, was found in a dorm bathroom.   one of the most popular tax credits rewards businesses for investing in research and development.   one of them would be vietnam, which already ranks as the second-largest supplier of footwear for the u.s. market.   one of the officers applied a tourniquet above the wound while another called an ambulance.   one of the officers told clarke "the currency would be seized based upon probable cause that it was proceeds of drug trafficking or was intended to be used in an illegal drug transaction."   one of the operations rooms is in damascus and another is in baghdad.   one of the overnight officers who stayed late to help search heard the sound of a honking horn.   one of the people called up to see if anyone would come to the window.”   one of the pistols was stashed under a fence and the second was found in a patch of tall grass.   one of the pre-championship favorites to win the year's second major, day dropped to the turf in front of a packed grandstand and laid on his back, covering his face as his caddie col swatton came to his aid.   "one of the reasons for this is an increase in the numbers of patients coming into a&e – this is being experienced in most hospitals across the uk.   one of the rooms was papered with chinese wallpaper, pale blue, patterned with birds and bamboo leaves.   one of the school’s co-principals had come up with the idea to instill in our seven-year-old hearts the ambition to be “better students, citizens, and stars.”   one of these places is darul zikr.   one of these superior communicators may still surprise the nation with their ability to win votes (versus polls).   one of the suspects, mahahin khunthong, told reporters on sunday that he and another man were hired for , baht ($) to carry out the attack and that other attacks were planned in order to "prompt united nations intervention".   one of the things i was extremely pleased to see was talking about the budget shortfall, how we got there.   one of the things samsung did not reveal during its surprisingly simple galaxy s event — compared to previous theatrics performed on stage during galaxy s announcements — was pricing details for its handsets.   one of the two attacks struck close to the entrance of a marketplace near tayran square.   one of the two pilots was killed in the air by fire from the ground, according to russian state-run news agency ria novosti.   one of the year's most anticipated meteor showers peaks this week.   one of those graduates is ladaryl fisher.   one of those students is -year-old javion cousin, who is a senior at north central high school.   one of those things is his storytelling.   one of those two emails may obliquely refer to highly classified material, several u.s. officials tell the associated press, or it may contain information gleaned from other, unclassified sources.   one of those voters wore a shirt that said "bush hat trick."   one of two photos by marc mol that made the finals. photos: comedy wildlife photography awards finalists enjoy the ride – "the view's great but i'm getting quite a few flies in my teeth."   "one of us has to hold it together," wolfe quipped.   one option, for example, was to have a radio-controlled plane that would take the research aircraft to the necessary altitude and have it be released.   one option the imf mentioned was doubling the grace period on greece's loans from eu countries to years and the subsequent repayment period to . "greece needs a sort of breathing space," the imf official said.   one person hospitalized after route crash comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   one person inhabiting two very different personas, whic you meet depends on when you come into the father’s life.   one person is still in critical condition wednesday at university medical center in las vegas, hospital spokeswoman danita cohen said.   one person's comment could be misunderstood by another and a virtual war is started with nasty comments being thrown from all directions.   one person wasn’t the sole cause of the mariners’ - record this season.   one phone-bank operator making calls for the conservatives is toronto-based imkt direct solutions.   one plays in guatemala while two are in honduras.   one policeman was also lightly wounded in wednesday's attack on the istanbul police headquarters, istanbul governor vasip sahin was quoted as saying by turkish media.   one problem is that nobody really knows what his best role is.   one, published in a newspaper affiliated with varoufakis' syriza party, showed schäuble, one of the last architects of the euro remaining in office, wearing a nazi military uniform.   one report said he once earned $, a week from just one border crossing.   one research firm, endeavour partners, estimates that about a third of these trackers get abandoned after six months.   one resident, guido nardini, said he and his wife have received an "ungodly number" of tickets from the camera at n. cicero ave. "all the taxpayers in chicago should be thanking me that their property taxes aren't going up," he told a reporter.   one resigned for personal reasons and the other for overseas," said henry.   one rhode island nurse bought narcan on her own after attending a lecture and training last fall.   one runner said the event, called onerun, was "a great way to show the strength of boston and the camaraderie in our city."   one said, 'my wife was in such horrible pain.   one showed burgess posing with his wife and a friend.   'one small step': artifacts of the moon landing photos another image captured by the recently recovered camera shows eagle's shadow against the moon's dusty surface.   one such group, the humane society of the united states, was quick to praise the agency's announcement.   one such tour ended tragically monday night when a river cruiser carrying more than people, mostly elderly tourists, capsized in a heavy storm in the yangtze.   one syrian boy happily shows a model he has made out of cardboard - a neat house, complete with a shiny red roof, bright blue walls and tiny windows that swing open.   one thing i've noticed on numerous occasions, how people are so quick to say, "wow, you're so smart; aren't you in college?   one thing that supports cwg's account—accuweather is also expecting a milder winter for the mid-atlantic this year.   one-third of a percent of the property tax increase will also go to rapid transit.   one topic sure to be on the agenda is the group's recently ousted member -- russia.   "one upstairs window and one through the living room window.   one u.s. commando was killed, the first american to die in ground combat with islamic state militants.   one way it could do it is with confidence and supply government that would allow the snp to maintain a labour government in power in a less formal way.   one way to see, right?"   one wears designer sunglasses, her hair in a suave topknot.   one week earlier in minnesota, republican reps.   one will, when no. lsu (-) visits no. alabama (-).   one witness told cbs affiliate wdef that a man who was in a silver mustang convertible was "just unloading a large gun on the naval recruiting office."   one woman complained that labels showed the canned food had expired several years ago.   one woman, for example, seemed like a perfect juror.   one woman, renee trivisonno, followed virginia rose's story for some time before realizing she lived nearby.   one woman said she's filled with anger and confusion, struggling to understand how someone with a criminal record can work as an mla, but could not work at one of the territory's mines.   one woman said she was anxiously awaiting details about her family at an emergency shelter, after leaving her husband and children to go shopping thursday morning.   one year from now we'll have a new president-elect, new olympic winners and record holders, and another year's worth of new songs, movies, memories, heartaches and joys.   one year later, however, cbd still is not available in missouri.   on friday and saturday evening, the balloons will switch on their burners for spectacular night glows.   on friday, avalanche canada warned of potentially deadly slides in british columbia's central columbia mountains.   on friday, a woman in a car attempted to ram police officers stationed in the west bank and was shot and killed, while three incidents on thursday resulted in three dead assailants and three injured police officers.   on friday, esparza would not disclose what belongings of carey's were found in oregon, adding that police wanted to question the suspects.   on friday, he resigned as turing’s c.e.o.) during the daraprim uproar, shkreli was often represented as a kind of evil genius.   on friday, his th birthday, he was informed that the bag containing his skates had been tracked down in london.   on friday, in a set of hawaii bikini beach vacation pictures the singer shared on instagram, the navel made its spectacular debut.   on friday, it reported overnight fighting between government forces backed by a palestinian faction and "islamic factions".   on friday, kim jong un, the supreme commander of the north korean military, ordered front-line units along the heavily fortified frontier to move to a war footing, state media reported.   on friday, police said the number of officers on the border will be increased from to saturday and will be present also along the austrian border.   on friday, the company called mulholland to let him know that one of his games, "civil war: ," was back on sale without needing any changes.   on friday the eu's much-hyped deal with turkey to stem the flow of migrants looked shaky after ankara said brussels had offered too little money to cope with the two and half million syrians who have sought refugee on turkish soil.   on friday the judge will hold a hearing on kapstone’s request to limit the union to two pickets on either side of the mill-employee gate.   on friday there were ebola related patients; nine died overnight and today the hospital has patients.   on friday, us district judge katherine forrest said it was "of the greatest importance" that aswat receives psychiatric care for his paranoid schizophrenia.   on friday, with the election over, the liberals went on the attack about brown's politics leading up to his election last may as party leader.   on her own twitter feed, former secretary of state hillary clinton retweeted chelsea's post and said, "your dad and i could not be happier for you, marc, and charlotte.   on his facebook fan page, the autistic newfoundlander, originally from the gillams area, wrote, "thanks everybody for "believing in 'the moose."   on his panel today; the local labour mp michael connarty, ian duncan from the conservatives, the former snp advisor now westminster candidate stephen gethins, ann henderson from the stuc, and the journalist iain s bruce.   on his way there, he spotted a honda bike near the home.   "on issue after issue, kennedy provides the deciding vote," said conservative commentator ed whelan, no fan of kennedy.   on its face, the provision allows for the disclosure of serious child or sexual abuse.   on its travel advice website, the australian government urges citizens to "exercise a high degree of caution" there because of "high levels of serious crime".   on jan. , , she'll be in union glacier, antarctica, to run the first of seven full marathons.   "on january , israeli forces launched a ground invasion.   on july , , dr. willis was awarded tenure.   on july , she was united in marriage to wayne e. powell at fort scott.   on june , , germany broke its non-aggression pact with the soviet union, launching the bloodiest theater of the war.   on june , , a nail bomb was detonated in cologne, injuring people, several of them critically.   online newspaper nyasa times says lutepo "looked grumpy" as the sentence was handed down.   online retailer amazon has also announced plans to start using unmanned flying vehicles.   online site drives up wedding expectations, costs she adds that per cent of people surveyed by her magazine end up blowing their wedding budgets.   "online video is just another delivery mechanism to get a tv show or a movie to a consumer.   online visitors may sign the guest register at www.iveyfuneral.com. memorial donations may be made to southwest baptist church, p.o. box , bainbridge, ga .   on lush, green hillsides, people pick tea leaves and only interrupt their work to pray.   only per cent of the total homes slated for rodgers creek will include single-family homes, with the rest being apartments and condos, said croll.   only states eh?"   only percent of employees surveyed said they had returned to a former employer.   only . percent of the indian population has internet access.   only percent of respondents had been offered counseling while percent had been injured at work.   only % finish their associate's program at northeast state in three years, but gilliam is working to bring that up.   only % were listed as active.   only . millimetres fell at yvr, where the records are taken.   only percent of white families have experienced similar poverty in their neighborhood environments for consecutive generations.   only about half of the material comes from the bible, with the rest from historians of the period.   only a few dozen of the women are still alive today.   only around have been identified within the milky way galaxy.   only by going out and watching for these colorful and slow-moving meteors will we know for sure.   only four of the seven team members were able to make their last journey to antarctica because of lack of funding.   only france's serge atlaoui has an outstanding complaint over the procedure following his request for clemency.   only half of the area's registered landowners attended the meetings, and there have been no agreements reached between any of the residents and the government.   only in extreme cases, such as the el niño events of to and to , does the warming manage to reach the past the galapagos to the coasts of north and south america, bringing about the most severe effects.   only later never arrived."   only maine and south carolina fishermen harvest elvers, and south carolina's fishery is much smaller.   only marta () and american abby wambach () have been shortlisted more often.   only months later, doctors told him how dangerous skiing on with his injury really had been.   only one candidate has submitted papers to run for three open seats on the commission scolaire francophone du nunavut.   only one of the gop candidates, the longshot carly fiorina, has said she supports same-sex unions.   "only option" "there is a clear move towards violent resistance," thierry vircoulon, an expert at international crisis group, said.   only people who agree", said mr gambaccini on the today programme.   only the day before bayern secured the signing of brazilian douglas costa for million euros ($. million) and although guardiola's words were positive, his tone suggested some caution.   only the fourth female to ride in the cup during its -year history, she added: "it's such a chauvinistic sport, i know some of the owners wanted to kick me off."   "only the goat needs to be kept locked inside at the moment because it likes to eat our christmas trees," kuderer said.   only the most “anemic” structural reforms were considered, said david fidler, an indiana university law professor who specializes in global health.   only then is msf informed by the maritime rescue coordination centre in rome about boats in distress.   only the saudi arabian company-heads were resistant, because they claimed women weren't qualified.   only third and fifth grade were below the district average.   only time will tell.   only to the church is it a "holy bond".   only under very limited circumstances can german companies spy on their workers, said judges of the federal court of labor on thursday, in a case that weighed a complaint by a secretary who claimed she had been unlawfully spied on.   only violations due to be paid before jan. , , are eligible for discounts.   "only when they win," he replied, disdainfully.   only yesterday, a person not liked by the state was killed.   on many fronts, there's a lot to cheer.   on many occasions in the recently renovated stadium, young fans around me left at halftime to go to the beer garden and never returned for the second half.   on “meet the press,” kerry said he had “no doubt” the united states and its allies would offer additional assistance to ukraine, but declined to offer specifics.   on memory’s back trail: the mendenhalls ‘cattle kings’ of palomar mountain cattle camp in mendenhall valley.   on mobile and can't view video?   on monday, a grand jury concluded that loehmann and his partner reasonably believed the boy had a real gun and that their lives were in danger.   on monday, a harborview medical center spokeswoman said that three people injured in the crash remained in serious condition at the hospital's intensive care unit.   on monday, december , use the force – and craft materials – to make a mask of your favourite star wars characters, including darth vader, chewbacca and yoda, between pm and pm.   on monday, iraqi forces approached tikrit from several fronts, iraqiya tv reported, engaging with isis north of the city at al-alam and south of the city at al-dour.   on monday, it was a point the maritime association continued to hammer.   on monday, june nd, the government of the bahamas and the commonwealth secretariat will host a small states forum for ministers and invited civil society stakeholders.   on monday, mississippi house speaker philip gunn, a republican, called for the confederate element to be removed from the flag.   on monday night, however, the internationally recognised parliament voted to return to the un-brokered talks a week after suspending its participation, a lawmaker told afp.   on monday, obama's spokesman didn't rule out executive action.   on monday, police said a record number of , migrants had entered hungary, most of them seeking to get to germany.   on monday, saudi aramco stepped up its counteroffensive, cutting its monthly u.s.-bound price for arab medium for a sixth straight month, putting it at the deepest discount against the regional sour crude benchmark since december .   on monday, the head of the zctf told the bbc that cecil "never bothered anybody" and was "one of the most beautiful animals to look at".   on monday, the new delhi-based firm announced the acquisition of iac (iaci)-owned restaurant search site, urbanspoon.   on monday, the northern half of the area at risk for sunday's stronger thunderstorms will dry out as thunderstorms rumble from the central plains to the lower and eastern great lakes.   on monday, the robert f. kennedy center announced that it will honor cook for his efforts.   on monday, the senate voted - to advance a gop bill terminating planned parenthood's federal funds.   on monday, the washington post reported some immigrant workers at the hotel construction site said they came to the country illegally and are wary now of working for trump.   on monday, verizon chief financial officer fran shammo said the wireless carrier would explore buying yahoo's internet business if it "makes sense," according to bloomberg.   "on monday, we will communicate the decision of the delegates to the minister of finance and we are going to demand an urgent meeting to continue these negotiations.   on more than one occasion i have come round from a seizure surrounded by a crowd of strangers pointing and laughing.   on new cb and former receiver george farmer: “sure, yeah we watched george grow up.   on oct. , en route from jacksonville to puerto rico, el faro's captain said the vessel had stalled close to the bahamas, was leaning degrees, and taking on water; no one heard from him again.   on oct. , , the -year-old son of a prominent tribal family shot five of his friends in a marysville pilchuck high school cafeteria before taking his own life.   on october , hiftar and the elected government joined ranks against the militias.   on october th, , an antares rocket carrying doves destined for orbit exploded fourteen seconds after launch.   on one side there are those who consistently elucidate that the imbalances that permeate school districts in this country are not due to any fault of teacher ineffectiveness, a particular pedagogy or practice, but rather, segregation and poverty (e.   on other topics, silver said the league might add a clock counting down the time until the end of each timeout and quarter break, and he said he remains hopeful the bucks will get a new arena in milwaukee.   on retiring from the classroom, she traveled extensively, to far-flung locations as well as to visit with family and friends in washington dc.   ’ --on rookie corner eric rowe, who struggled in the eagles’ final two preseason games: “we’re confident in eric going into this game.’   on rumours of alex reid seeing a naked pic of him: "if this is true and this picture was taken during my marriage, i’m a bit disgusted that he had access to it to be honest.   on saturday finance ministers will try to agree the policies the greek government will follow as a condition for releasing withheld bailout funds.   on saturday morning, people died in the main market in chad's capital, n'djamena, when a man dressed in a burka blew himself up.   on saturday, the centre held a volunteer day where visitors had the chance to help with the upkeep of the animals.   on saturday, yemen's prime minister khaled bahah visited an area near bab al-mandab after pro-government fighters pushed rebel forces out of the immediate area.   on september , , power was seized by an aide to compaore, but the coup failed a week later.   on september , , scientists at the n.i.h. convened a meeting to publicly present their research priorities, one of which is to decipher the consequences of inflammation.   on social issues, such as guns and abortion, he has said little to distinguish himself from the g.o.p. pack.   on sunday afternoon, guelph police issued a public plea for help in finding the driver, asking anyone who might have information to call investigators.   on sunday, a video emerged that appeared to show isis militants hammering and blowing up parts of the ancient iraqi assyrian city of nimrud, which contains sites dating back to the th century bc.   on sunday, both sen. dianne feinstein, d-calif., and leon panetta, obama's former defense secretary, said the u.s. effort wasn't measuring up.   on sunday, he built a temporary shack for them to sleep under.   on sunday, he repeated his pledge to bring , syrian refugees to canada by the end of the year.   on sunday, he will celebrate mass for hundreds of thousands.   on sunday night, someone stepped over a bike rack positioned outside the white house fence.   on sunday, surfers streamed into westport, a coastal town at the south entrance to grays harbor, which offered light offshore winds and waves “a couple feet overhead,” said al perlee, owner of the surf shop.   on sunday, workers at nine u.s. refineries and chemical plants went on strike in an effort to pressure oil companies to agree to a new national contract.   ontario education minister liz sandals and sam hammond, president of the elementary teachers' federation of ontario (etfo), announced the deal separately late on monday afternoon.   ontario premier kathleen wynne, right, wears a calgary stampeders jersey while meeting former alberta premier jim prentice following a friendly bet on last year's grey cup.   ontario provincial police said officers and other emergency responders were called to a home on mud lake road at about : a.m. monday.   on the approach of the investigators, a crony of the police impersonator fled the scene.   on the back wall was a giant check commemorating the loan.   on the basis of just total miles driven, in august u.s. drivers posted a new record of nearly . trillion miles.   on the beach, a tunisian hotel employee encourages tourists exercising in the shallows, almost as if nothing had happened.   on the bright side, companies are ditching microsoft server for newer versions.   on the cdr scale, patients on placebo declined by an average of . at one year, compared with . for the milligram per kilogram group, also statistically significant, biogen said.   on the company's conference call, cfo brian olsavsky said aws is now in regions and will soon come to india, where the company has ramped up its investment.   on the contrary, she asserted that the rate of accuracy in reaching decisions on disability requests had improved from about percent in to percent today.   on the contrary; they should research the market and plan their skill development in a way which is most likely to turn those ambitions into reality.   on the data front, the census bureau will report december's retail sales number at : a.m. et.   on the day the killers were reported missing, she checked into the hospital, complaining of a panic attack.   on the eve of nasa's historic flyby of pluto, scientists announced monday the new horizons spacecraft has nailed the size of the faraway icy world.   on the flip side, the companies that took control of a product's market share after the pioneers had only an % failure rate.   on the floor were the injured.   on-the-fly language, it turns out, its incredibly hard to teach a machine.   on the ground floor of the market, vendors still sell meat, fish, and produce.   on the hand i think the love of the democrats comes from the fact that he is highlighting issues that previous popes hadn't spent a lot of time on.   on the industrial site of the chernobyl nuclear power plant the radiation level is micro-roentgens per hour (with the safe level of background radiation set at up to micro-roentgens per hour).   on the intelexit.org website, users can create their own resignation letter by means of multiple endings to a number of statements.   on their menus, they suggest beer pairings to go along with their massive burgers.   on the issue of the downed russian jet, cavusoglu claimed that it was not the first incursion into turkish airspace, and that "the russians had already been warned several times, and we never wanted it to come to this."   on the men's side, five former world champions are in the mix including reigning champion niklas edin of sweden.   on the new dog tags, the service member's social security number will be replaced with a randomly-generated, -digit department of defense identification number.   "on the news you see all these bad things happening, but behind the scenes you know the police are there to protect us, they're going to capture the bad guys," gill said.   on the one hand, i love the idea of a small, inexpensive bundle of the really good basic-cable channels.   on the one hand, that's not nearly as high as the cents a share nflx stock paid in the second quarter of , or the cents per share it paid in the fourth quarter last year.   "on the one hand the ceo wants to prove to investors they're indispensable," said jack ablin, chief investment officer at bmo private bank.   on the one hand, the government wants the financial system to shrink and become safer.   on the one hand, they are all the best in their field.   on the opposite side, the progressive group credo issued a statement warning that "democrats who sabotage the iran deal will face consequences," and listed schumer, who likely will win re-election next year, as a top target.   on the opposite wall, colorful racing stripes draw you into the center of the space.   on the other hand, don’t let customers score a surprise deal.   on the other hand, it speaks to the fact that the prime minister at his advanced age and with his lengthy time in public life, appears to be very tired and worn out.   on the other hand, something of the movie’s substance, or lack of it, emerges in banks’s direction, which, even if it’s not particularly inventive, does reflect a point of view on the enterprise and even, if obliquely, on life more generally.   "on the other hand, you did terrible things," he said.   on the other hand, you risk something untoward happening, a silly comment, let's say, that suddenly becomes the focus of the "behind the scenes story."   on the other, users are frustrated with ad-tracking and pages bloated with adverts that slow down load times, particularly on mobile devices.   on the reward side, doing it well drives esprit do corps which in turn yields organizational effectiveness.   on the same day g and g phone services also dropped out, with no official explanation from telstra.   on the screen: tahir's fantasy series isn't even available yet (it comes out april ) but paramount already optioned it in a seven-figure-deal with producers mark johnson and haroon saleem ("chronicles of narnia").   on the streets, it was hard to find a campaign poster that hadn't been covered with insults.   on the surface, the buffaloes and cougars appear to be two teams trending in opposite directions.   "on the surface, we have overcome and moved on.   on the town's main street, locals are quick to offer directions to the dpc's modest offices, but few have paid much attention to the work that goes on behind its walls.   on the way, they stopped for gas and had a drink.   on thursday, afternoon temperatures will once again fall back to a bit colder than the norm.   on thursday alone, coalition aircraft conducted strikes across iraq, including in areas where peshmerga fighters are involved in the battle.   on thursday evening, it will entice customers with a band playing outdoors.   on thursday, feledichuk said church members will gather to decide where to worship.   on thursday, nisha biswal, the u.s. state department's senior official for south asia, who visited sri lanka last week, told reporters sri lanka still faced "big challenges" dealing with issues such as reconciliation.   on thursday, patrick maroon gave the ducks a - lead in the first before chicago’s patrick kane tied it with less than a minute left in the opening period.   on thursday, the bell signaling the supreme court was session, rang just before : a.m. the tense press room began to buzz as the first court case decision was released.   on thursday, the government ordered the mosque closed until further notice.   on thursday, the jurors found the prosecution had proved aggravating factors which the state argued make holmes' crimes so heinous he deserves to be put to death.   on top of pipelines, there's a lot more oil moving by rail than there used to be, too.   on top of that, he argues that it is impossible to create an effective special forces unit in such a short period of time: "it's pure window dressing."   on top of that, there's no reason those known issues can't be sorted out at the same time as new features are brought into the game.   on top of the market gains, workers in (k) retirement plans might benefit from having their contributions automatically increased each year.   on top of this, there is still some stigma attached to redundancy, no matter how old - fashioned it may be and the notion that it was somehow 'your fault' makes many young people question their place in the working world.   on travel directions: "when you come to a fork in the road take it."   on tuesday, a -kilogram chunk of ice fell off a building near the intersection of cooper and kent streets, landing on the head of a -year-old man.   on tuesday, after six hours of debate, party members rejected a "conscience vote," which would allow a free vote for or against gay marriage, regardless of party policy.   on tuesday, cbc manitoba gathered almost community leaders — representing several of our city's cultures and ethnicities — and asked them to spend three hours talking about racism in our city.   on tuesday, collier township police filed theft and receiving stolen property charges based on information recently received by atf agents, according to a criminal complaint.   on tuesday, his first media availability since last thursday, petersen was asked if he could private clarity on his conversations with briles.   on tuesday, hundreds of police barred foreign journalists from approaching the court.   on tuesday, law enforcement officials released a dashboard camera video of the incident, showing bland being forcibly dragged by a police officer and threatened with a taser.   on tuesday, marie harf, a deputy state department spokeswoman, said the department has "no indication that secretary clinton used her personal email account for anything but unclassified purposes."   on tuesday, media outlets like buzzfeed and vox said they planned to withdraw from the event.   on tuesday, police posted new pictures of the boy and clearer amateur video of the man in hopes of getting new leads.   on tuesday, premier paul davis announced plans for a greater role for private companies and non-profits in long-term care.   on tuesday, steinle's family filed wrongful death claims against mirkarimi and two federal agencies, alleging negligence and other errors in his handling.   on tuesday this week, the head of the aat, justice jayne jagot, handed down her decision.   on twitter, one user said on sunday his local church had merged its yoruba-language and english services because of the fuel shortage.   on twitter, smith basked in the victory.   on two separate occasions in the last . seconds of the game, blatt made what was obviously the wrong call, only to be saved by his assistant coaches in the first instance, and by his players in the second.   on wednesday afternoon, around p.m., a skylife helicopter carrying a snakebite patient to fresno's community regional medical center encountered the unmanned vehicle coming right at them.   on wednesday, for the twenty-third time in a row, they failed to elect a president.   on wednesday night, the culture center hosted the group for a preview showing.   on wednesday, rubio tweeted: "when i'm president, we won't just reverse president obama's dangerous iran deal.   on wednesday, thompson contradicted some of lang's testimony, saying she never attended that dog show in peterborough.   on wednesday, trump brought up cruz's call for a wall along the u.s.-mexico border, saying it was clear cruz was trying to copy him.   on wednesday, when gabbana was asked whether he supported having children through the procedure, he responded: "yeah, i don't have anything bad, because the beauty of the world is freedom."   onwuachi comes to d.c. by way of new york, and he is working on opening a fine dining restaurant called the shaw bijou at th and q street nw.   opa director pierce murphy said monday that his office has received a “significant” amount of information from people about whitlatch.   opened to considerable fanfare in , the privately owned latin american art center, casa daros, partly blamed the expense and delay of bringing pieces back and forth from the collection’s headquarters in switzerland.   opener "when i'm with you" is a one-way ticket to hitsville with a breezy pop feel, hot guitar licks and wild drumming.   open fires are banned in the park’s wilderness backcountry, including all locations along the wilderness coast.   opening kickoff, all of a sudden guys are running a little bit faster than they do in practice – on both sides.   openings are typically followed by job gains, though many employers have been slow to fill their available jobs.   opening wide earlier this month, the roadside attractions film is rated pg- for drug content, language and thematic elements and runs minutes.   opens /, ends / an installation by pae white.   opens friday, dec. at theaters nationwide, with select early screenings thursday, dec. . contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   operating across the north caucasus and nicknamed the russian scarface, gagiev turned the gang into ruthless killers who got rid of anyone in their way.   operation help or hush was co-founded by tasha burton and charles wade shortly after mike brown's killing in ferguson.   opinion: an asymmetrical war the jihadists want to defeat the modern world, our conception of ourselves, and our democratic society.   opinion: how isis recruiters win in the west 'lone actor attack' isis recruitment efforts have become more difficult to detect because of encrypted "dark space" communication, officials said.   opinion: how is this not wwiii?   opinion polls give law and justice a strong lead over the current pro-business ruling party, civic platform.   opinion polls suggest the majority of canadians support the mission, and critics have questioned when the ndp would use military power if not against the extremist group.   opinion: putin's syria moves leave u.s. looking weak cnn's hala gorani, hamdi alkhshali and michael martinez contributed to this report.   opinion surveys show that the fn's top candidate and party leader, marine le pen, is just ahead of her conservative rival with a percent approval rating.   opinion: why abe comes up short on wwii history and contrition 'an unpardonable mockery' the reaction by north korea's government, through its official news outlet kcna, was more pointed.   opponents also had to contend with kournikova's dedicated army of admirers, and bollettieri hints that perhaps the stunning sportswoman wasn't so averse to encouraging them.   opponents argue the law is an intrusion on the private operations of businesses and results in lower earnings, weaker benefits and higher health insurance premiums.   opponents had argued that day labor rules unconstitutionally restrict the free speech rights of people who want to express their need for work.   opponents say the court is biased and have vowed to keep protesting until he withdraws from the race.   opponents to the alternative solution argue that the construction and refurbishment work could not be finished on time for the olympics if the french capital decides to bid.   opposition figures were also quick to denounce the vienna summit, with nashar warning it "will not lead to a political solution".   opposition house leader james aylward sought details, but once again government refused to provide any more information.   opseu was fighting for "corrections only," which would give autonomy to the corrections unit and they would have their own collective agreement.   optician david clulow will transform your summer shades with tinted prescription lenses."   options include enhanced prescription drug monitoring, making narcan more available, and increased funding for statewide drug courts and police departments.   optus, exetel sign two-year nbn aggregation deal myer to invest au$ million on data-driven new myer strategy the samsung galaxy s edge+ and the galaxy note , launched in august, were the first category devices commercially available in australia.   or a fake log cabin featuring flaming toasted marshmallow cocktails and a friendly reminder at the entrance that "only you can prevent forest fires."   orangeburg attorney glenn walters has now asked to amend his complaint adding the university as a defendant.   or, as he says, "i'm an idiot as often as i'm a genius."   or, as many people on this board would read it, "la la la la i can't hear you."   ’ or, as seattle coach pete carroll said: “it feels like we are not as clean as we need to be.   or at least give them that benefit of the doubt.   or at least that's what i thought before going.   or at least that was the plan.   or a very bad one?   or a view of mccarren park?   or consider his praise for tony nicely in : the list could go on and on.   or creep you on social media.   oregon on friday delayed the dec. start along its entire coast, after testing in recent weeks showed higher toxin levels in the southern half of the state.   oregon, which is held up as the model for legislation in britain, saw a rise of over % in assisted suicides in .   "or five life sentences, but that's never going to bring back my sister."   or, for mason, the payoff of a peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich and goldfish crackers at the top.   or, for that matter, the more idiosyncratic quirks displayed to similar attention-grabbing effect by miley cyrus and lady gaga.   organizers say it's about breaking through stereotypes to reach a greater understanding of what we have in common.   or, get your very own vintage indian-made snowshoes.   or he may decide to get rid of donbas implementing the minsk agreements – and forget about the region as a bad pain in his neck.   or if it is in some ways, it doesn’t have to be in others.”   or, if they did suspect, they certainly didn’t put it in their published reports.   or if you’re having problems with a bit too much debt on your card, we can help with that, too.   original article on live science. do's and don'ts to reduce your risk of cancer celebrities with chronic illnesses diseases you can learn about from a genetic test copyright livescience, a purch company.   original article on live science copyright livescience, a purch company.   originally from mardan in pakistan's north west frontier province, he began his journalism career in as a health reporter on the news, a leading english-language daily.   originally from san diego, he had an arrest warrant out for resisting an officer in glendale, and has been arrested in bear valley springs, l.a., merced and yosemite, bakersfield now reports.   originally, it was estimated that there would only be . tonnes of asbestos present.   originally published december , at : am the associated press washington (ap) — us economy grew at pct. annual rate in third quarter, slightly lower than previous estimate.   originally published november , at : am bob condotta and jayson jenks break down sunday’s seattle seahawks game against the arizona cardinals.   originally published on live science.   originally published on space.com. mysterious x-b military space plane's landing in photos military space - spacecraft, weapons and tech copyright space.   originally published on space.com. pluto quiz: how well do you know the dwarf planet?   original passport and all other original documents must be presented during the interview for verification purposes.   or, in europe, when they come up against qatar-owned paris saint-germain.   orion technology services e-mail: email us here if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   or is it because you are running the battle from behind the scenes?   or is there something else going on?"   or just the return of the phony "mood ring"?   or learn how to use your starbucks app to pay for your coffee. . don't be amazed.   or making this data worthless to criminals.   or maybe bedtime.   or norman bates, but it's a broad spectrum," he says.   o'rourke explained that philae's two mass memories are full, suggesting that the probe was awake for a few days before making a successful link with the orbiter.   or perhaps more fittingly — floating like a butterfly.   or rather, it's not mysterious at all, given the range of questionable assumptions that prevail on the american right.   or she is not present.   or should travelers accept that babies cry and be nice without treats?   orta, an everyday citizen on his way to work, felt that he had a duty to show the public what he believed to be acts of injustice by police.   or take tiny sandy, ore. — population: , — a community outside portland.   ortiz lives in florida, but she was born in the bronx to a jewish mother and christian father and she spent much of her life on long island.   or to help families who arrive searching for loved ones who left syria or afghanistan or iraq weeks before, never to be heard from again.   or until they are dead.   or was the problem the driver not knowing how to use it?   or was, until the provincial ministry of tourism told him he was breaking a law that he says wasn’t clear to begin with.   or why democratic sen. dick durbin is rethinking a mandate, as he told cnn's dana bash.   or, why people aren't using condoms.   or why terris’ interest in the decorations sparked an inter-office crisis, ultimately costing him his interview with the congressman.   or would it amount to building everything twice?   or would jarrett find his match in the fauré barcarolles, those little marvels of salon elegance whose avant-garde tendencies lurk just below their lustrous surfaces?   osborne's cuts have prompted a fifth of students to say they can no longer afford university he added moving the loan system first proposed by blair's government is the "right decision".   oscar de marcos hit a first-half opener as athletic bilbao hammered real balompedica linense - and went through - on aggregate.   oscar-winning best actresses photos jessica tandy () – jessica tandy acknowledges applause after receiving the oscar for her role in "driving miss daisy."   oscar-winning best actresses photos susan hayward () – from left, actor burl ives, actress susan hayward and actor david niven pose with their oscars in .   oscar-winning best pictures photos 'my fair lady' () – julie andrews' fans were upset when the original broadway star of "my fair lady" wasn't chosen for the film of the lerner-loewe musical.   oscar-winning best pictures photos 'casablanca' () – we'll always have bogart and bergman, aka rick and ilsa, in michael curtiz's "casablanca."   osha issued three repeat citations.   osteria francescana, which has three michelin stars, has placed in the ranking's top restaurants since .   osterloh clearly doesn't think this cricket.   o'sullivan has won ranking events so far, but hendry feels there is a lack of competition for 'the rocket'.   other acts include lamb of god, three days grace and, in a strange fit, local blues act ayron jones & the way.   other agencies 'susceptible to attack' the incident comes a month after us president barack obama asked tech companies to "partner" with the government in tackling cybercrime.   other analysts disagree that equities are on the verge of collapse as central banks are waiting in the wings to backstop any instability.   other benefits of chili peppers are being investigated; some think they might even fight cancer.   other bourses in the region followed suit, with benchmark indexes from hong kong to australia shedding more than percent.   other charges could also be laid.   other children were taken out of school for weeks at a time to perform these duties during the actual harvest."   other chinese producers, such as steel makers, are already moving to step up exports to take advantage of the cheaper yuan.   other companies operating in this market include halliburton, baker hughes (u.   other concacaf officials to be dismissed include eduardo li, president of the costa rica federation, while concacaf general secretary enrique sanz was placed on immediate leave of absence.   other economic forces, such as increasing student debt, higher living costs and economic uncertainty, are also playing a role.   other employers, like cbs interactive (techrepublic's parent company) have a mandatory shutdown between christmas and new year's to help ensure that us employees take a break.   other experts defended the broader strategy of taking high-profile propagandists and recruiters off the battlefield, as they could be more central to the fight than the public realizes.   other highlights of the report include: last month, per cent of metro vancouver sales were attached properties (primarily townhomes) with a benchmark price of over half a million dollars.   other images showed a man using his hands to place pressure on a wound in her chest.   other jurisdictions around the country are moving forward with the cameras, including chicago, which has the country's second-largest police force.   other loan modification offers made by servicers on behalf of dasp buyers look like a good deal for homeowners looking for smaller payments immediately, but dig a hole too large to climb out once a trial payment period is over.   other ministers who have stepped aside pending investigation are agriculture minister felix koskei, labour minister samuel kazungu kambi and energy minister davis chirchir.   other nations are trying to match china's accomplishments in space -- in what some observers are calling an asian space race.   other options for flights include a hop to ferrari world in abu dhabi where the world's fastest roller coaster awaits those who wisely avoided a heavy lunch.   other players echoed the frustration.   other republican-leaning states, including north carolina and michigan, are still looking at ways to draw in more money for their roads.   other republicans sought to avoid new controversy over obama's beliefs and nationality.   others are exploring the feasibility of building desalination plants along the coast that could convert seawater to drinkable water.   others are planning their return.   others are providing humanitarian support, taking legal steps to curb recruitment or providing other, unspecified aid.   others are skeptical -- and for a good reason.   other services within the sector have grown in varying degrees.   others have questioned the firm's numbers, after former staff and users have complained of a plethora of fake profiles on the site.   other short-term steps can include prohibiting employees from sharing passwords, a common practice at small firms, said emily gordy, a lawyer in potomac, maryland who advises firms on regulatory issues.   others i meet give more positive reasons for becoming british.   others, like economists at the bank hsbc, have cautioned that keeping interest rates at an absolute minimum leaves central banks without ammunition should recession hit.   others may look pure as driven snow and actually be beholden to who knows who.   other speakers included republican presidential hopefuls such as gary bauer and elizabeth dole.   other specs include gb of ram, gb of storage, -hour battery life and a .-inch, x display ( ppi) display.   others said that while doctors clearly have a right to opt out, it would be inappropriate and “unacceptable” not to refer that patient on to another doctor.   others said they faced sexual abuse that authorities did nothing to stop.   others saw the dad as a weak character who wasn't compatible with his wife: "i think the tiger mother and the cat dad should divorce," one viewer wrote.   others say they oppose government intrusion in parental decisions.   others seek refuge in bellingshausen’s banya, or sauna, where they unwind while sipping their ration of a couple of beers a week.   others simply announced they would boycott aldi from now on.   others think they don’t have enough money, and are waiting until they have a large round number to get started.   others, though, said evans symbolized the department’s failure to control its officers.   other studies have shown fully vegetarian and vegan diets are, in fact, the most climate-friendly.   others waited in lines stretching . miles to get close to the venue, but the turnout appeared far less than the . million that kenyan authorities had predicted after declaring thursday a national holiday.   other than, he was the smartest guy i ever met.   other than that, enjoy life, go swimming.   other than the fact it is fairly common for a person’s gender to match their sex ('cis'), the two things are otherwise completely unrelated.   other than trump's flip-over, the only unusual hairstyle among the male republican presidential candidates is rand paul's slightly longer, curly locks, cunningham said.   other thermal anomalies were detected in the upper half of the great pyramid.   other top fighting dogs on cramer's list, include john stumpf at wells fargo (wfc), howard schultz of starbucks (sbux), oracle (orcl)'s larry ellison and john chambers of cisco (csco).   other useful tools include coupons.   otherwise i'd have been in a real coma, blind, or more likely killed instantly.   otherwise, it will continue to affect all the world.   otherwise, there really is very little new that succeeds in pro football.   "otherwise, you'd just use good hygiene standards you'd have around any animal," jenny says.   other witnesses gave different versions of claims that vanessa-mae was allowed by race organizers to start her run several seconds before official timing began.   ottawa couple launches new sports initiative for kids with autism autism needs national strategy, sask. group says students with disabilities at regina's winston knoll high school are squeezing their worries away.   otters are well-established in some portions of our region and i don’t doubt their populations can withstand a limited harvest.   ouatarra was finally inaugurated in and gbagbo was ousted by military force with backing from france.   ouellette said the boat involved has been recovered and is in the possession of the rcmp.   “our ability to make deep cuts to global greenhouse gas emissions depends to a large extent on what kinds of cities and towns we build,” dhakal said.   our actions speak louder than our words.   "our actions will allow us to capture expected future growth opportunities."   "our acute care system is funded per cent higher than the national average yet our continuing care system is funded per cent below the national average,” she said.   "our ads should not have appeared and we're working with youtube to understand how it happened and to avoid it happening again," said paul fox, director of corporate communications at procter & gamble (pg).   "our aim in the away game is to create the foundations so that three days later, at home, we can achieve the right to take part in the european championship," hungary coach bernd storck said.   "our choices are lose the house or lose my life.   "our company's goal is to be at the center of the financial lives of our more than million clients," gouverneur added.   "our core product is an add-on software tool to microsoft sharepoint, which has an estimated million users, so we have a very large addressable market to pursue.   "our crime rate has really increased in the past year," he told b.c. almanac's gloria macarenko.   "our current and future success continues to be grounded by our employees who are passionately driven to exceed expectations and work in partnership with our clients and partners to deliver results.   our delay has dangerous and long lasting consequences for those most affected.   "our entire country will rise up toward something better," hollande said sunday.   "our estimation is that canadians on average are consuming per cent of their daily calories from ultraprocessed," moubarac said.   "our experience has been when you grow your off-platform audience, generally, you grow your on-platform audience as well," mark thompson, the company’s president, said in february at recode’s code/media event.   our faith falls into the judeo-christians, with all the prophets and all the belief systems.   "our furniture is soaked," said -year-old malak saad.   our goal is broader.   "our goal is to organize in all counties and be very strategic in who we target," middleton said.   "our government will aggressively pursue compensation."   our hearts and thoughts are with his family.   "our hearts go out to the innocent victims and their families."   our hope is that they each will grow confident in the gbemaa and use us as a portal to great experiences in the areas of arts, entertainment and live music as hirers and hires.   our innate ability to identify with the needs and experiences of others -- to have compassion, empathy -- is the very thing that makes us human.   "our investigation has to focus on the hard core of these three," he said.   our kids are now all in elementary school and luckily that teamwork we learned in our kids’ early years has transferred into a great co-parenting relationship.   our memories and feelings about landscapes change, that's what makes them unique to us.   our men and women in uniform."   "our military medics can work wonders," he said in remarks carried on russian television.   our nation's foreign policy finds itself focused on a most familiar place--iran--as we near the midway point of june.   our next president must put others first.   our next step is urging president obama to issue an executive order to ban the box for federal contractors.   our next step was to explain the entire process and ask for support in terms of witnessing the process.   "our number is $ billion in investments in green infrastructure over the next years," he added when pressed for a specific target number.   "our obligation is to our citizens.   "our problem is not with the device, our problem is with the concept.   “our proposal this week to the nfl personifies that support.”   our resegregated and still hugely unequal schools for children of color, especially if they are poor, are repeating pre-brown v. board of education era practices.   our specific mission was to find a new pair of pajama pants (resulting from an unfortunate "i-can't-believe-you-forgot-to-check-that-drawer-before-we-checked-out" moment upon leaving our previous hotel).   "our students, like thousands of others across ireland, head to the u.s. each summer on j visas to enjoy the experience.   "our teachers are all some of the top experts in their fields, and the workload, no matter what your major is, is incredibly heavy," says one uva student contacted by college prowler.   "our team of forensics experts and security professionals, in addition to law enforcement, are continuing to investigate this incident and we will continue to provide updates as they become available."   "our thoughts and sympathies go out to the boys and their families.   "our troops will fire our nuclear-armed rockets at the white house and the pentagon -- the sources of all evil," north korean gen. hwang pyong-so said, according to the telegraph.   our work at statista has been featured in publications including mashable, the wall street journal and business insider.   "our work to increase efficiency and reduce costs is embedding sustainable benefits throughout the group and we continue with capital discipline and divestments."   outbreaks of avian flu has affected several countries in the recent past, including china, france and the united states, and is a health concern because certain virulent strains are deadly to humans.   outcast the walking dead creator robert kirkman isn’t just into zombies — he likes to dabble in demonic possession, too.   outdoor activities are brisbane's chief modus operandi.   outfits like express scripts go by the terrible name of “pharmacy benefit managers” — pbms, in insurance lingo — but all you really need to know is that they make a business of inserting themselves between you and the medications your doctor prescribes.   out of meal claims, did not include a list of attendees or any detail of the topic discussed during the meal.   out of baseball last season while serving a drug suspension, rodriguez wasted no time, connecting in the first inning on a first-pitch, mph fastball from tigers ace justin verlander.   outside france, few expect a jolt as significant as the hiatus after 's attacks that destroyed the world trade centre in new york city.   outside of traveling abroad, the dollar's impressive rise will have an impact at the pump.   outsourcing concern the pacific maritime association, which represents port employers, says dock workers make $, a year.   “out there you rot.   out west, where the eclipse will be partial, clear conditions are expected.   ' ovechkin and the capitals lost - to the rangers on saturday, but with this second-round series tied - heading into monday night's game in washington (cbc, cbcsports.   ovechkin passed sergei fedorov, who scored goals in , career nhl games.   ovenden said russia-based carmakers would need continued government support for these plans to come to fruition, however.   over , chinese firms are reported to be located elsewhere in the country.   over months ago, young & entrepreneurial featured akshay oberai, the founder and ceo of tip'd off (you can read the feature here).   over alleged mobsters have been arrested in a crackdown on one of the most powerful clans of the italian mafia on tuesday.   over people have registered for the june by-elections.   over percent of the weapons will be displayed to the public for the first time; they include several types of rockets, including anti-aircraft ballistic missiles, and the latest generation of reconnaissance planes.   overall, however, there was no difference in fall rates between winter and other seasons.   “overall, i think we've struck the right balance in protecting civil liberties and making sure that u.s. citizens' privacy is preserved,” he continued.   overall, the industry earned more than $ billion from ancillary revenue last year, the report said, although it did not break out how much was earned from branded fares.   overall the parties' share of the vote in wales, compared to was: in terms of voting share across wales, labour and conservative support is broadly similar to the previous general election.   overall, the teams combined for strikeouts, a big league record for a nine-inning game — the previous mark was set by texas and seattle in .   overall, those who were older than tended to be more isolated socially, less physically mobile and to feel worse emotionally.   overall ticket sales rose % over the year-ago period when the first “maze runner” and liam neeson’s “a walk among the tombstones” topped the box office.   overall, wesfarmers reported operating cash flows of au$. billion, about au$ million -- . percent -- over the previous year's figure, with a cash realisation ratio of . percent recorded.   over and over, she told her parents how much she hated the hospital, especially "nt," or naso-tracheal suctioning.   over and over, you will learn to make decisions independently and become more decisive as you grow.   overcast ~ °f dense fog advisory wednesday, january , print email respond to editor tuesday, january , jean arlene watkins, age of mountain home, passed away tuesday, jan. , , at a local hospital.   over his decades-long career he starred in dozens of films and tv series, acting alongside greats such as frank sinatra, grace kelly and shirley maclaine.   over in brussels, though, prime ministers and their finance henchmen have made decisions with little attention to these lived realities.   overnight leader dustin johnson had bogeyed three of four holes and slipped to five under after when the weather intervened.   overnight, the temperature isn't set to dip much lower; cbc climatologist ian black is calling for a low of c. that c low will be tuesday's forecasted high, with the temperature set to dip to c that afternoon.   overnight, wall street ended sharply higher, with the tech-heavy nasdaq (.   over one million demonstrators in dozens of cities across brazil take to the streets calling for president dilma rousseff's impeachment as she faces growing economic problems and a massive government corruption scandal.   overpasses will be built at tower road, the pilot butte access, highway and highway . comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   over thanksgiving weekend, christie received a high-profile endorsement from the new hampshire union-leader, the state's largest newspaper with an influential editorial board.   over that period the industry has grown by an average % per year in us dollar value terms.   over the course of four events, more than , people turned out to celebrate with interesting personalities and great music.   over the course of the campaign's days, trudeau cast himself as the best choice over ndp leader tom mulcair to bring in change and oust stephen harper's conservatives.   over the last decade robertson might have learned of two or three investment opportunities, but crowdfunding has "democratized" investing and increased transparency.   over the last six months, investors have redeemed $. billion from hedge funds according to barclayhedge and trimtabs investment research, the largest quarterly outflow since .   over the next years, she rose to the very top of the literary world, winning a national book critics circle for the novel "song of solomon," a pulitzer prize in for "beloved" and the nobel in .   over the next hours, kilo's is expected to keep moving while forward motion decreases.   over the next few months, commerce negotiated contract details with winning utilities — such as payment timelines and performance measures.   over the next five years, global semiconductor industry is expected to grow at a compound rate of percent, the researcher added.   over the next month, the dow showed a median decline of .% with positive returns half the time; compared to an average move of .% over all one month periods of the last years.   over the past five years we have raised over $. million so , children have a book to call their own.   over the past three months, they have provided life-saving food, water, and shelter to nearly , people.   over the weekend, the ecb denied a request from greek prime minister alexis tsipras to extend the program until greece could hold a national referendum on july on the terms of the bailout extension.   over the years, effectiveness has ranged from percent to percent in the last half-dozen years, when studies involved larger numbers of patients.   over time this could lead to a return to a form of national currency such as a new drachma.   owen labrie walked into a packed and hushed merrimack county superior court on thursday afternoon.   owen said lugovoi and kovtun had been invited to testify via video-link but russian authorities have already ruled out any participation with the inquiry.   owner can contact us to claim property!   owning homes is a lofty ambition at any age, and her plunge into homeownership bucks the trend of her millennial cohort who have been hesitant to enter the housing market.   oxford is serving a seven year sentence right now in williamson county for stealing from an employer.   oxford street is one of london's busiest shopping areas, home to several large department stores.   p+ should be cautious that they are indirectly bolstering irgc's military prowess and rallying more hard-line support behind irgc.   pablo gorondi from budapest and menelaos hadjicostis from nicosia contributed to this article.   pabst's master brewer and wisconsin native greg deuhs stated: "we have a rich craft brewing heritage at pabst that dates back to the th century and are truly proud to resurrect this classic american ale."   pacific grove, california beauty is a requisite for any place where butterflies breed.   pacioretty scoffed at the suggestion that montreal doesn't match up with tampa bay.   packard says he is “the plant’s personal trainer” in “this open-air museum.”   packer receives support new zealand’s russell packer on monday received support from fellow national rugby league (nrl) players and supporters as he battled possible deportation from australia over an assault conviction.   packing winds of up to miles per hour ( kilometers per hour), the eye of the storm was expected to pass near or over the northwestern part of the archipelago off the west african coast within hours, according to the national hurricane center.   pack rats, they filled their home—first a warehouse building and then a two-story row house in the mission—with skateboards, surfboards, paintings, thrift-store clothes, and other useful junk.   pacquiao was the clear underdog in the fight but was given a slightly better chance of ending it early, his odds of scoring a knockout set at -.   paddington is a film filled with slapstick, artful touches and nicole kidman's best work in years, says eli glasner.   paddle in seattle was held by activists who said the firm's drilling would damage the environment.   paes said the olympics, which rio is hosting next year, helped make this ambitious project possible.   paige cornwell: -- or pcornwell@seattletimes.com no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   paivi nerg, permanent secretary of the interior ministry, told finnish national broadcaster yle that the refugees will be considered illegal immigrants if they do not register as asylum seekers before they travel onward.   pakistan bowled tirelessly on the flat pitch without any luck, after it was all out for just before lunch.   pakistani officials predict that within years the country will be water-starved, a foreboding prospect for a country that derives % of its energy from hydropower.   pakistani police rarely use evidence in cases, preferring to rely on oral testimony, which is easily manipulated.   pakistan named a powerful lineup for the first of two matches against new zealand, including tall paceman mohammad irfan.   pakistan pulled off a sensational last-over win by two wickets in the second twenty international against zimbabwe in lahore on sunday to take the two-match series -.   "pakistan's international development partners respect the government of pakistan's need for full transparency from ingos (international ngos) involving their activities within the country," kirby said in a statement.   palahniuk may not have had a movie in mind when he wrote it, but many of his fans say it belongs on the silver screen.   palestinians have used the site to express rage that has led to a month of violent attacks.   pallbearers carry the casket of rachel jacobs to the hearse after her funeral service, monday, may … the southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority said it doesn't know what caused the damage to its train that night.   palmer kept rolling with another trio of birdies on , and one.   palmer's lawyer has said palmer did not know there was contraband in the package. advertisement palmer admitted passing it along on may , seven days before the men were noticed missing.   paltrow comes to washington in push for gmo labeling washington (afp) - gwyneth paltrow lent a touch of hollywood glamor wednesday to a campaign against legislation that would prevent the labelling of genetically modified food in the united states.   panda and his team wanted to know about every single french fry stolen from someone else's plate.   pandora faces the music as apple, spotify are big threats by paul r. la monica @lamonicabuzz is this pandora's last dance?   panel chairwoman marcia mcnutt, editor of the journal science and former director of the u.s. geological survey, said in an interview that the public should read this report "and say, `this is downright scary.'   panicked villagers ran screaming toward high ground and from there watched as their houses were swallowed in a river of mud.   panjaitan’s office had no immediate comment on the report.   panthers tight end greg olsen had his second -yard game of the season against the saints, catching nine balls for yards with a long of , and ted ginn jr. had five receptions and two tds for yards.   pan yang, from a farming family from a mountainous area in southern sichuan province, went to syria via thailand, turkey and lebanon some time around september and ended up fighting with a kurdish militia, the huaxi metropolitan daily said on its website.   pao also testified about receiving a book of erotic poetry from a male partner at the company.   papa faal, , admitted in u.s. district court in minneapolis that he participated in the dec. attack on gambia's state house, where he said he believes most of his co-conspirators died.   papa faal, a dual u.s.-gambian citizen, appeared in a minnesota courtroom on thursday where he admitted to trying to overthrow gambian president yahya jammeh.   paper social security statements are mailed to most workers who don't opt into online statements about once every five years.   parades will be marching to the following locations on wednesday morning: in halifax, on-street parking meter spaces will be free on nov. . dalhousie university says its lots on sexton campus, off barrington street, will offer free parking wednesday.   paragraph after paragraph seeks to close loophole after loophole.   paralyzing fear view gallery most americans think emergency kits are a good idea, but few people actually have one.   paramount just dropped the first trailer, featuring margot robbie, martin freeman, alfred molina, and billy bob thornton.   parents are encouraged to bring their children out to register at that time.   parents of older children might also want to talk about cyberbullying and sexting, he says.   parents often take their children out of school to take advantage of cheaper holiday deals there has been an upward trend in the number of fines issued in england over the past three years, a pattern reflected in kent.   parents want more control the parents are set to return to court next month to seek greater control of their daughter's care.   paris mayor anne hidalgo, center left in black coat, visits the area nearby the bataclan concert hall on nov. , .   paris survivor describes hiding in bataclan bathroom paris survivor describes hiding in bataclan bathroom : pat grabbed his wife's arm and pushed her toward a nearby exit.   paris terror attacks raise questions over privacy, security the intelligence community says new encryption technologies may have helped the paris attackers hide their plans.   parked outside is a bright red chevy trax lt.   parker rice issued a statement, which was delivered to the dallas morning news by his father, bob rice.   parkersburg's aiden wilkinson went -for- with four rbis and hadyn dudley laced a double for the big reds as the panthers committed eight errors.   parker's measure would legalize recreational marijuana use for adults over and set up a framework for regulating and taxing sales.   parking: parking is free at meters on wednesday.   parkinson's disease support group to meet january th the perryton area parkinson's disease support group will meet on friday, january , at the mennonite church at s. ash.   park's family say they expect to wait months before getting any closure or answers from the prison, once the inquest concludes.   parks would like to have the parking lot repaired before baseball season begins.   park, who has won five of the last dozen majors with no other rival notching more than one in that span, is coming off a missed cut and a poor putting week -- two rarities for the -year-old south korean.   parliamentarians are uniquely well-positioned to tackle complex health problems across multiple sectors of government and through multilateral agreements, resolutions, and other legislative tools.   participants are encouraged to come equipped with their most recent federal income tax returns, w-s, and other records of money earned, but the application process may be undertaken without them.   participants can come monthly; please bring id.   partly to contain frustration over inec's initial no-show, local leaders decided to organise voters in a numbered queue so that registration could begin immediately once the officials arrived.   part of camp lawton was built on property now belonging to the federal government.   part of hpmg news use this form to alert a huffpost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.   part of it will be paid for by lower profits.   "part of me has always wondered about being an architect.   part of me was really willing to take a step back from all of this and say, maybe it really was just his friends.   part of that shift has put him reaching out to african-american voters, a key voting bloc that stands strong behind clinton in polling.   part of the international humanitarian organization red cross/red crescent, the canadian red cross is helping to support the efforts of the syrian arab red crescent in syria.   part of the negotiation between the browser and website is to agree to use the most complex language that both parties can understand, erlin said.   "part of the role of a modern president is to be a public health advocate," brinkley said.   part of what a hitter does is to try and break up that rhythm.   parts of hebei, shandong, liaoning, heilongjiang and jilin will also experience smog.   party leaders promised to use their newly gained power productively.   party members account for less than percent of china's total population of . billion.   pascal-emmanuel gobry does pope francis fear god?   passenger advocate gabor lukacs says we are all in the dark about our travel rights headley said airlines performed better in the years after , when travel demand fell and planes were less crowded.   passengers were eventually taken to a hotel paid for by sunwing, where they got an hour or two of sleep before being placed on another flight home to calgary.   passengers who indicate they have a more than carry-on luggage when checking in online or at a kiosk will pay $, while those utilizing the convenience of the check-in counter will pay $, according to the airline.   passing a budget is seen as a key mark of whether the majority party is governing effectively.   passing sentence, judge philip statman said: “i am satisfied this was professional criminality with rich pickings available to both of you.   passport-free travel in much of the continent under the so-called schengen agreement is considered one of the eu’s signal achievements.   password: (forgot your password?) please be respectful of others and try to stay on topic.   passwords for the streaming service hbo now, for instance, are limited to a household, but the company has been vague (presumably on purpose) about what that means.   past efforts to target certain countries by limiting public investments have faced some significant challenges.   past negotiations between greece and its lenders have proved tortuous.   past settlements in similar cases in texas and minnesota also kept the records secret.   pataki’s even further behind.   patch of land hosts marketplace lending meetups in los angeles, a particularly wise strategy as their modest-sized debt offerings afford a ready transition into real estate crowdfunding for marketplace lending investors.   pat has written a column on parapsychology and interviewed hollywood stars and the psychics who read for them for a national newspaper.   patna, india (ap) — a bus driver lost control of his vehicle on a sharp curve on a mountain road in eastern india and plunged into a gorge, killing at least people, police said monday.   patricia urquiola patricia urquiola, , is a milan-based architect and designer who works with brands including alessi, bmw, and louis vuitton.   patrick brown, , was in a panic when he ran off into the countryside surrounding guananico on monday, his family told cbc news.   patrolmen’s benevolent association president patrick lynch said: “new york city police officers every day go out and carry themselves like superheroes, but the reality is when we’re attacked, we bleed, when we bleed, we die and when we die, we cry.”   patton got left fielder jake marisnick to fly out before working a clean seventh.   paul, an avid friend and partner of the ministry was well known to staff of the ministry.   paul burke, the general secretary of the pnp, said the executive committee of the party approved bloomfield as candidate in october.   paul clarke of the quebec group actions refugiés agreed that single men are often subject to the most serious threats.   paul cook as the city's interim chief of police.   paulenka said he stayed loyal because to arthur t. always remained loyal to workers.   paul goldschmidt looks to keep up his big bopping against the brewers when arizona opens a series at miller park.   paul has also struggled to raise as much money as his competitors.   paul has been outspoken against the militarization of the police and is one of the few republican senators to criticize police handling of the protests following -year-old michael brown's death in ferguson, missouri.   paul mccartney has lauded him as "one of the greats," while quincy jones said he lives "outside the box."   paul ryan delivered his first speech as speaker of the house thursday.   paul ryan is toiling away in the house — and loving it sen. lindsey graham's world is full of doom and gloom who is lincoln chafee?   paul rydlund, supervisory hydrologist for the u.s. geological survey (usgs) at the missouri water science center in rolla, contacted walensky due to the height of the flooding.   paulsen and center fielder charlie blackmon both had two hits for the rockies (-), who won for just the fifth time in games while avoiding being swept in the three-game series.   paul's father, ron paul, a longtime texas congressman and repeat presidential contender, was a libertarian hero who inspired nontraditional gop voters, too, but never reached deep into the republican mainstream.   paul smith's college, a tiny school in upstate new york, got some great news: philanthropist joan weill, a friend of the college, was ready to donate $ million.   paul sorvino has said he seriously considered dropping out of "goodfellas" at the last minute because he worried he wouldn't be able to pull it off.   paul suggested that the private ownership of more land would help save some species.   "paul was the selfless promoter of all things south louisiana — from our culture and hospitality to our generosity and food — and i will miss him greatly," said new orleans restaurateur john besh.   paul wesselingh had the only eagle of the day and it came at the th.   paw warz: dogs recreate the original "star wars" trilogy.   paxton fire officials believe a faulty heating unit may be to blame.   pay full price next time peypey.   "paying off debt tops saving in terms of priorities because of the interest payments on the debt, which exceeds the amount of interest they can earn on their savings," kirchner says.   paypal was founded in the late s by venture capitalist peter thiel, tesla motors inc <tsla.   pay “uber for choppers” $ to fly over it print books are far from dead.   pc gaming show (tuesday at : pm pdt) i don’t really understand the point of the pc gaming show.   peace corps staff consoled the bereaved in the communities where they live.   peanut growers in states including georgia and alabama boosted sowing acreage by a fifth this spring and now are wrapping up harvesting their .-million-ton crop.   peat fires hazy skies may all look similar, but the emissions from any particular source are unique.   "peer review does not protect against fraud," smith said.   pegida: who is behind germany's anti-islam campaign?   p.e.i. budget gives small increases to health, education the administrative job cuts include seven at the school board office and six with the education department.   pellerin was found stabbed and seriously injured in the parking lot of farrell hall in dartmouth on aug. , .   pelley insists he's focused on knocking on doors, not on ball.   pellicano's attorney didn't return messages seeking comment.   pence said tuesday he'd work to "fix" the indiana law so that it doesn't pave a path for businesses to deny service to same-sex couples.   pencil drawings capture incredible faces artist, jelena bulajic creates beautifully detailed pencil drawings of random people who she meets by chance.   pending the outcome of the investigation, he's been assigned to administrative duties.   penner shops for the entire family throughout the entire year.   penney, which last reported a profit in the final quarter of , said its net loss narrowed to $ million, or cents per share, in the third quarter ended oct. , from $ million, or cents per share, a year earlier.   penn west petroleum ltd. also announced a major reduction in its workforce.   pentagon spokesman col. steve warren has called ramadi's fall "a failure of leadership and tactics" on the part of iraq's security forces.   pentagon: u.s. airstrike in iraq may have been 'mistake' u.s. defense secretary ash carter said saturday that a u.s. airstrike in iraq on friday may have been "a mistake that involved both sides."   penticton's wild horses have recently been spotted closer than ever to the city's downtown core.   people across france observed a minute's silence on thursday two years later, three other men were jailed for an arson attack at the home of a publisher days before his novel about the prophet was due to be published.   “people a long, long way from the fire were making decisions,” kretz said.   people are always willing to give away free movie passes."   "people are coming together to really bring some energy and some commitment to this opportunity," said lynne mccarron.   people are editing, and photoshopping my selfies as if i am one of the people causing the issues/problems in paris.   "people are entitled to know what's in their food." said elaine ramseyer, who helps run longbranch.   “people are fairly happy with what they’re seeing at sekiu, and i think we should have some fish to catch well into october.   people are more important than music, it doesn't exist without them!   "people are no. in a company," nureva ceo nancy knowlton says.   "people are ready to be free of energy provider monopolies," battaglia explains.   "people are spending more money," friedman said.   “people are thinking, ‘i don’t want to pay taxes when i have a loss on my portfolio.’   people are trafficked for the purpose of sexual and labour exploitation or the removal of organs.   "people buy lottery tickets because they want a life-changing event," said victor matheson, an economics professor at the college of the holy cross.   people can achieve their dreams.   “people can tell how many budgetary items each agency has by the number of circles in a group.   "people do have trusted dealers, but … ultimately there's no way of knowing," she said.   "people don't necessarily expect it, but a visit to antarctica often becomes a crossroads in life.   people don't see themselves as one-dimensional, so you shouldn't attempt to define them as such.   people familiar with the company's plans have said it was considering an extraordinary dividend to compensate for the missed year-end payment.   people find his authenticity and his solutions for america to be a breath of fresh air," bass said.   people go to new orleans, and if they go to any club, four days out of the week i guarantee you that you will find a batiste playing in the ensemble.   people hardly recognize him on the street."   "people have taken stock of what samaras and papandreou have achieved and have drawn a line," bastian says.   people holding these signs are booing mayor de blasio.   people i’d talked to, and people on twitter, had jokingly asked if maron would end the episode by saying, “are we good?   people in both parties have done far more remarkable things in the past.   people in the area also had an opportunity to place donations in a boot the men were lowering from the fire hall roof top.   people in their early s seemed to be especially guilty of this, with the years to all in the top . don't use common names – michael, jennifer, thomas, jordan, hunter, michelle, charlie, andrew and daniel were all in the top .   people in the marshall islands are living it.   people living near the biarritz house say they have not seen the young couple there.   people magazine, a trusted conduit for hollywood publicists, has reported that the motivational speaker and former actor would open up on his gender in a forthcoming interview with abc news.   people make their way amid rubble in a street after a reported barrel bombing by government forces in june in aleppo's kallaseh district.   people mourn during a candlelight vigil at san manuel stadium, thursday, dec. , , in san bernar … he loved to watch sports and "had memorized all the stats," she said.   people move into these tiny houses to save money, reduce their environmental footprint, and to live a simpler life.   "people need to be wary of celebrity charities," he said.   "people need to remember that, you can't come to a bike race to spit at people, punch people or throw urine at them -- it's not acceptable."   people on the verge of collapse, crying children - everyone had to board the buses that took them to some point along the hungarian border.   "people, people!" shouted the queens-bred mc, sporting a black flat-brim baseball cap with the word "editor" printed across the front.   "people really want that.   people say they don't like it, and politicians promise to be more civil, but we can't seem to get away from this being more prominent part of political exchanges these days."   “people say this is my conspiracy to take over the school district,” murray said.   “people see we’re up against a lower-league team and expect us to win.   people selected for knowledgepanel who didn't otherwise have access to the internet were provided access at no cost to them.   people should avoid drinking raw camel milk or camel urine, or eating meat that has not been properly cooked.   "people shouldn't have a false sense of security that local means safer," marler said.   "people sometimes have a view of programming that is something solitary and very technical.   "people sometimes reject wonderful partners who exist in plain sight but are not recognizable to them because of their fear of commitment," said lamotte."   people stand outside their offices after a severe earthquake is felt in islamabad, pakistan, monday, … in kabul, the earthquake caused widespread power outages and telephone cuts.   people tell me that there are good doctors in america."   people tend to think of the nation in terms of weather or geography, but the stories of taiwan and the things happening in the nation can be just as important, he said.   people testified to mighty acts of god: miraculous healings, revelations, divining evil spirits.   people think world war ii is bad, but i think that's bad too."   people we lost in photos percy sledge, known for the single "when a man loves a woman," died tuesday, april , in baton rouge, louisiana, according to the east baton rouge parish coroner's office.   people we lost in photos click through to see people who died in .   people we lost in photos a.j. pero, a longtime drummer for the metal band twisted sister, died on march , according to the band's facebook page and twisted sister frontman dee snider.   people were urged to steer clear of the area so emergency vehicles could get in and out.   people who believe in equality are not alone," said kate mcelwee, co-executive director for international relations.   "people who may tolerate insulting an individual will clearly not respond with the same degree when it is against the prophet.   people who overstay their welcome are at risk of: "anyone who travels to the u.s. regularly should keep a log and make sure they're accurate if they're asked to substantiate their time across the border," said hunniset.   "people who said we were a small force with an unchosen leader can now see how wrong they were about the potential and strength my people have," mansoor said.   "people will buy more our instruments made in spain than made in china," says rodriguez.   "people will really enjoy the warm, rich atmosphere of this venue," said christa.   people with a criminal background are welcome to apply.   pepe suggested it was de falco's stern manner, rather than schettino's apparent ineptitude, that damaged italy's reputation.   pepper's lonely hearts club band" album on cd (afp ph … - also resisted itunes - the beatles were the top-selling and one of the most critically acclaimed groups of all time, releasing studio albums including classics such as "sgt.   per andersen, the astrophysicist from copenhagen university, promises to explain how astrophysics can make your milk cheaper.   per-capita domestic consumption of oil is gallons per year, more than . times the global average and close to times the annual average consumption of the . billion people living in the developing world.   perceptions of japan in other parts of asia, particularly in china and korea, are often deeply negative.   percy's left eye will then be monitored and if the problem persists, veterinarians may still have to do another surgery.   perea was employed as a producer at a fox news station in austin until june, according to fox officials.   pereira, who was dismissed after a series of disputes with the president, is also the leader of the ruling african party for the independence of guinea and cape verde (paigc) which holds a slender majority in parliament.   perez told good morning america.   "perfect drive, yards to the pin.   perfect health technologies san diego, california e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   "perfect scenario," said rusty kuntz, the royals' baserunning coach.   performances will be held at pm on friday, june th, as well as pm and pm on saturday, june th.   perfume-makers nikki sherritt-lewis, far right, and karyn gold-reineke, second from right, attended.   perhaps his greatest influence "was on the lives of generations of notre dame students, whom he taught, counseled and befriended," said jenkins, the notre dame president, in his statement.   perhaps i'm just jealous.   perhaps rightly, th century fox has determined that its incredibly dull and exposition-heavy trailer, plus the combined star power of zachary quinto and rupert friend, weren't going to be enough to get people excited.   perhaps the knowledge of one’s death, ceaselessly swallowed, is the very food you need to become a ghost.   “perhaps the media were sub-par during all these years on this radicalization … this rise of fundamentalism in france was not talked about enough.   perhaps the most damning assessment of just how bad this place is, was when dorothy told me about the birth of her own child last year.   perhaps the ring on your finger that symbolizes a partner's deep devotion.   perhaps the root cause of my lack of success in gaining press credentials for most of this year’s festival lies in the attention i gave in my articles last year to the role money plays in the festival del sole.   perhaps this is because its political rivals in china were pursuing authoritarian policies: china was on the way to becoming a one-party state and sharing political power was simply impossible.   perhaps wilson will do a better job of finding that balance between trying to make something out of nothing, and living to fight another day.   perhaps with roles and responsibilities reversed, things would look different.   permalink flag biff me hours ago some things you may have over looked.   permalink flag bill hours ago forbes has got to be short aapl’s stock.   permalink flag daniel g hours ago permalink flag don minutes ago vince – tdi does *not* approve health insurance rates and changes, and never has.   permalink flag glenn hour ago kerry’s statement seems out of place with merkel and hollande having direct talks with putin.   permalink flag lushdolls hours ago best series of movies, ever!   permalink flag obamamerica hours ago i have a “new and bold” idea for forbes.   permalink flag raymond bianco hours ago what are the implications for tesla’s giga-factory?   perriello is visiting burundi to express washington's "grave concerns" over the deteriorating political situation in burundi, which has been hit by violence since april following the president's controversial decision to seek a third term in office.   perrin, who now lives in maple creek, sask., says snow dyeing is a bit different than tie dye.   perry, known for her flamboyant costumes and hits like "firework," "california gurls" and "dark horse," hinted her performance could feature a surprise guest, but promised clean, family-friendly fun.   persistently low oil prices are also a boon to the auto industry, as trucks, suvs, luxury vehicles and larger, less fuel-efficient cars have become more attractive to consumers.   personal competence is your ability to stay aware of your emotions and manage your behavior and tendencies.   personalization is a big part of the apple watch, and — as with most watches — swappable bands play a major role in that.   personally, i have made it very clear that i would love to see this area closed."   pest control officials often recommend that a rodent treatment process take place for six to eight weeks prior to development.   petco is the first national pet retailer to pull the treats from its , stores.   petecio, now ranked no. in the world in the amateur international boxing association and then ranked no. , won by decision.   pete is a partner with his father at zesto of west columbia.   peter barris, the firm’s existing managing general partner, also will continue in that role, the firm said.   peter coade is the most experienced meteorologist in the maritimes and has spent more than five decades as a weather forecaster.   peter coade meteorologist peter coade is the most experienced meteorologist in the maritimes and has spent more than five decades as a weather forecaster.   peter fenn is a democratic political strategist and head of fenn communications, one of the nation's leading political and public affairs media firms.   peter hessler said on facebook on tuesday that he didn't write the piece posted on china daily's website a day earlier titled "us observer: comparing egypt with china" and that his words were taken out of context.   peterson was reportedly arrested four times over the past two decades in her hometown of greeley, colorado, most recently on a may dui and drug paraphernalia charge.   petley estimates the debris traveled at a whopping meters/second.   petre was chairman of pbl online, and founded pbl subsidiary ecorp, developing it to become australia's leading technology-focused investment company.   petsche says calgary's reputation as a musical centre is changing and he says the way the city's musicians see their city and themselves is changing along with it.   pfizer expects revenue of $. billion to $. billion and adjusted earnings per share of $ to $., below analyst expectations for $. billion in revenue and $. per share.   “pg&e has a sordid history of doing whatever it can to kill competition in protection of its monopoly, denying consumers their options and choice," said the senator.   phelps-roper had long assumed that she would likely never get married, since she was related to almost every male in the church.   phelps went on to say the florida legislature had a rare joint house-senate session and brought jose to the floor.   philadelphia is fourth in the nl east at -, and amaro said he's as excited as anyone else about seeing the organization's best prospects in the big leagues.   philadelphia, pennsylvania – by editorial cartoonist tom stiglich, creators syndicate paris, france – "i am very shocked as an artist that such an horror could happen.   phil balboni, globalpost's ceo, told cnn that european governments have paid between $ million and $ million for hostages.   philip hammond is a leading eurosceptic shooting the messenger is all very well - gunning down the men and women who cover politics day in and day out, leaving them wounded, aggrieved, and distrustful is not smart.   philips will take “all reasonable steps” to address the regulatory issues, it said.   phil ledford said the homecoming is bittersweet.   philly ghost teachers also accrue seniority as if they have been working in the classroom, which the fairness center argues is unfair to other teachers.   phone hacking scandal by then a storm was brewing that would shake murdoch's u.k. business to the core, and leave him isolated politically.   phone lines to the chowchilla police department were jammed with calls from the children's families and the media.   photo: anonymous / california high speed rail authority an artist’s rendering shows the proposed — and controversial — high-speed train hurtling along the california coast.   photo: corey robinson, courtesy a large tree fell at the lake merced golf club in daly city during..   photo credit: bink ruckthongsook on sunday, the north texas daily, the university's student newspaper, released video it received that appeared to show the man walking through a parking garage, carrying something in his hand, before the shooting.   photo credit should read: anthony devlin/pa wire actors in stormtrooper costumes arrive for the star wars: the force awakens european premiere held in leicester square, london.   photo finish: the history of the olympics photos amsterdam, – the dutch capital was host after failing with bids to stage the and events.   photo: getty load more berlin (ap) — guenter grass was to germany what william faulkner was to the old american south: the bard, scourge and pathfinder of a society ruined by moral disgrace and humiliated by military defeat.   photographer julien pebrel had been working in the caucasus region when he heard rumors of towns without men.   photographs have also circulated purporting to show qassem soleimani, commander of iran's revolutionary guards quds force, in the western province.   photography is allowed, but no flash, tripods or selfie sticks.   photo: ian c. bates, the chronicle image of the end of a dendrite is seen with part of the bay bridge with the bay lights turned on in the background on wednesday.   photos: airasia flight qz found january , -- updated gmt ( hkt) click through our photo gallery as we track the story of missing flight qz.   photos: autistic characters in fiction photos autistic characters in fiction – in "marcelo in the real world," -year-old marcelo sandoval has asperger's syndrome, hears music in his head and is obsessed with religion.   photos: celebrity mugshots photos celebrity mugshots: amanda bynes – actress amanda bynes was arrested again may , in new york after she allegedly tossed drug paraphernalia out the window of her manhattan apartment.   photos: chile volcano eruption photos there have been no reports of deaths, missing people, or injuries, said chile's interior minister rodrigo penailillo on wednesday.   photos circulating in the social media showed rescuers in a rain on a wet road with the bus resting on its side.   photos: clinton's political career photos hillary clinton's career in the spotlight – clinton shakes hands with a child during an unannounced walk through tahrir square in cairo on march , .   photos: deadly attack at boston marathon photos a runner reacts near kenmore square after the explosions.   photos: egyptians mark anniversary of arab spring uprising photos egyptians mark anniversary of arab spring uprising – a muslim brotherhood supporter aims fireworks at pro-military demonstrators clashes in cairo.   photos: mud engulfs brazilian village after dams collapse the mine's operator, samarco, is co-owned by the world's largest mining company bhp billiton ltd and the biggest iron ore miner vale sa.   photos - on the stump: ted cruz's presidential campaign four weeks ago, carson stood in a dominant first place in the iowa quinnipiac survey, at percent compared to trump's percent.   photos: political families photos photos: political families – the night after john f. kennedy won the presidential election this family portrait was made in hyannis port, massachusetts, on november , .   photos: rise and fall of aaron hernandez photos former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez is led into the courtroom to be arraigned on homicide charges wednesday, may , in boston.   photos: syria's refugee crisis photos syria's refugee crisis – a refugee money-changer exchanges currency at the main market at the zaatari refugee camp near mafraq in september .   photos: syria's refugee crisis photos syria's refugee crisis – syrian refugees listen to safety instructions at the quru gusik refugee camp in august .   photos: taliban attack pakistani school photos taliban attack pakistani school – relatives of a student killed in the attack mourn over the student's body.   photos: the costa concordia disaster photos the costa concordia disaster – using a vast system of steel cables and pulleys, maritime engineers work on monday, september , to hoist the ship's massive hull off the reef where it capsized.   photos: turning in photos guitarist slash rocks into his th birthday on july . photos: turning in photos jeremy piven reigns as the elder statesman of his "entourage."   photos: vast brush fire burns near prado dam "crews really had a successful overnight with the humidity and the dissipation of the wind," mohler said.   photos: vice president joe biden photos biden speaks after being introduced as obama's running mate while campaigning together after the democratic national convention in .   photos: whitney houston through the years photos whitney houston through the years – houston stars in the movie "the preacher's wife."   photo taken at yosemite.   pia carusone and rachel gardner have been raising money through an online funding campaign to begin distilling vodka and bourbon and open a cocktail bar across from the hecht's department store development off new york avenue ne.   pico de orizaba is mexico's highest peak and the third highest in north america.   picture: bess browning a spokesman for the british transport police said: "officers from btp and colleagues from kent police attended the scene.   picture courtesy of esa/aoes photos: wonders of the universe astronomers have discovered powerful auroras on a brown dwarf that is light-years away.   pictured are: hrh the princess royal, princess anne, second left; he dame marguerite pindling, centre; prime minister perry christie, second right; attorney general allyson maynard gibson, right; and minister daniel johnson, left.   pictured: robert therrien's "under the table" ().   picture: gemma lewis a spokesman for thames water said: “our engineers have stopped the flow of water from the pipe which was damaged by nearby roadworks and the road is now reopen.   picture: keith gillard "it's two games on the trot that the opposing keeper has won man of the match.   picture: phillip vallance a police spokesman said while officers do not usually go around offering peacocks lifts, there were concerns it could escape onto the a and endanger motorists.   pictures of long lines at bank machines in athens appeared on television screens around the world.   picture those ipad flip covers and you'll get an idea for what's going on here.   pids senior research fellow marife ballesteros will discuss how to better prepare smes for natural disasters through business continuity planning.   pierce brosnan uses a cell phone to drive the high-tech il -- off a roof, alas.   pierre constant also tried to help the skier.   pigeons in san marco, sunset over the grand canal, bellinis and cheeseburgers at harry's.   pigott said club coffee is working on tests of the pods in a backyard composter, for the per cent of canadians who do not have access to a municipal green bin program.   piketty is known for his best-selling work on wealth inequality, while stiglitz is a long-time critic of the austerity policies pursued by many western governments in the wake of the financial crisis.   pilots, planes, friends and family gathered at felt field airport in honor of weiss, a -year veteran of the winston-dillard fire district; local firefighters also came to pay tribute.   pinkett smith, who takes over the mc role for matthew mcconaughey's dallas in a key scene, was more than happy to sit back and watch with feverish female extras.   pink martini and the von trapps with seattle symphony stilian kirov, conducting, : p.m. jan. and , benaroya hall, university st., seattle; $-$ (-- or seattlesymphony.   pirates fall to wayne, to start region play the baxley news-banner pirates () allen williams and () keelan crosby blocking for () brett tabor.   pirelli motorsport director paul hembery said his company is "happy with our involvement" in f but has yet to commit on whether it will bid again.   pitching "as advertised," to use nationals manager matt williams' phrasing, scherzer took a no-hitter into the sixth inning but was unable to overcome two costly errors by shortstop ian desmond, and the nationals lost - to the new york mets.   pitch prep is something we work on extensively with tumml entrepreneurs, and having a tight message goes a long way toward attracting great talent and funding.   pitted up against ali's tall stature, some might perceive the shorter mayweather as the presumptive long shot.   pittsburgh goaltender marc-andre fleury made saves and now has a share of the nhl lead with wins.   pittsburgh — steve downie scored twice after missing five games with the mumps, and the pittsburgh penguins used a three-goal, first-period lead to defeat the tampa bay lightning - on friday night.   pixels opens in china later this month, but analysts differ as to its chances in the world's second-biggest moviegoing market.   p.k. subban, asked what prompted post-game scrum: "nothing.   place cells were first discovered in the s by nobel-winning neuroscientist john o'keefe.   pla, from france, turned a fast lap at minute, . seconds in friday qualifying to give the judd-powered no. ligier js p the top starting spot.   plainfield police told rtv sometime after a.m. thursday, officers with indianapolis metro police (impd) were able to locate mcwilliams, taking him into custody.   plain-text financial statements still rule the day at the sec.   plaintiffs said the recalls tarnished gm’s brand and caused vehicles to lose as much as $, in value.   plane spotting at le bourget airshow photos 'the grizzly' – the airbus am military transport plane, also known as "the grizzly" is among the larger stars of the show.   planned parenthood gets restraining order in ohio lawsuit over fetal remains by kim palmer hours ago a sign is pictured at the entrance to a planned parenthood building in new york august , .   planners said they expected only a few dozen women to run, and were surprised at the outcome.   plans and also offer pardee homes' exclusive gensmart suites.   plans to open up in the u.s. are also currently under discussion.   played: jamie armstrong (-) soap fans are more likely to recognise joe from 'emmerdale', but long before then, he enjoyed a stint on 'corrie'.   played: sean slater (–) robert kazinsky had a good few years out of the limelight after quitting the square in .   played: tiffany mitchell (–) martine mccutcheon left her role as tiffany mitchell in eastenders in when her character was killed.   players are subject to a possible $ fine for violating the batter's box rule.   players have been reluctant to use the clay courts there because they are worried about the risk of injury."   player stats: joey votto team page: cincinnati reds joey votto has been keeping good company this season.   players will even have the option to skip the tv episodes altogether.   playfish will join the growing digital unit of ea that also houses pogo.   playing baseball, which they do often during this tour, lets them take a break from deep thinking and feeling -- while trouncing local teams.   playing three defenders against barcelona's razor sharp attacking trio of lionel messi, luis suarez and neymar proved brash.   play video "i used to think that maybe they will send me into exile," shah says.   play video related: obama steps in with outsourcer at nike republican congressional leaders have strongly backed obama's request for the authority.   play video "you may succeed in silencing one man but the howl of protest from around the world will reverberate, mr. putin, in your ears for the rest of your life."   please be careful and if you see a small black bag with a zippered top that is open with cash sticking out of it leave it, don't pick it up.   please call the city of lancaster planning division at -- if you have any questions.   please come and make it clear that america's best days are still ahead.   please confirm or modify the email address to which you will have subscription offers sent.   please consider adoption!   please email it to news@inmaricopa.com. - this article previously appeared in inmaricopa the magazine.   please enable javascript and/or update your browser if possible. hours nightly news lucky, an elephant in phnom tamao wildlife rescue center in cambodia, has been battling a series of illnesses that could be fatal.   please enable javascript and/or update your browser if possible. hours business laughing all the way to the bank.   "please, if you hear this message, get in touch and let us know you are safe.   please introduce us to your family.   please keep comments relevant.   please login or register to read the rest of this story.   please meet: the turetts: rebecca and chris, and their sons bryson, almost years, and camden, months.   please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines.   please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.   "please only participate in the discussions if you've actually read the books and have relevant points to add.   please plan on joining us and learn about this disappearing craft we are trying to keep alive.   please register first!   please register to add a comment.   please see our complete terms of service disclaimer for more information.   please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated.   please use a supported version for the best msn experience.   pleurobot's design, which has degrees of freedom, also lets scientists test more advanced mathematical models of the locomotor nervous system toward richer motor skills.   plummeting oil and gas prices worsened the hit.   plus, berlin has relaxed visa rules meaning it is easier to import top talent for your startup.   plus, do paparazzi have a target on jennifer garner?   plus, fox pounded him with "gotcha' questions - like - "when did you become a republican" yet trump stood firm.   plus, he made only about $, a year as an academic adviser at a community college in vermont.   plus i had the most amazing view of the petronas towers.   plus, russian people are hardy and have low expectations.   plus we got a peek at the script with crazy deadpool doodles in the margins.   plus, you can always follow gothamist on twitter and facebook!   plus, you can always follow laist on twitter and facebook!   plus, you can subscribe to the just dance unlimited streaming service to get new content as it comes out.   pluto was, of course, demoted from planet to dwarf planet status several years ago, and it's way too far and way too small to have any noticeable impact on us.   pneumonia sets typically included “levaquin or ceftriaxone-azithromycin” as options.   podesta also said he wanted to, "tell (senators) that we want to stay in touch and be available as we begin to develop organization in every state in the country."   poelzer said that speaks to the type of voter the parties are trying to attract, as twitter is more popular among a younger audience.   poem by rumi the minute i heard my first love story, i started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was.   poggliali was shocked by the statements: "i just couldn't believe what they were saying because the day before they themselves were saying the opposite."   point reyes national seashore, california – independence, reclaimed: after two years of loss and change, tiffany cecil took a west coast holiday by herself.   points could be a problem for the gamecocks.   polanski, a french and polish citizen, was not present as the ruling was handed down, citing "emotional reasons" through his lawyer, according to the hollywood reporter.   polar bears: threatened species or political pawn?   police allege that porter was behind a conspiracy to award the $.-billion superhospital construction contract to engineering firm snc-lavalin in exchange for $. million in secret commissions.   police allege the gunfire erupted inside a miami-area apartment on march when the older sibling tried to rob a drug dealer.   police also believe drugs may have been involved.   police also found a nazi flag, he said.   police are interviewing witnesses to help gather information on several persons of interest.   police are investigating.   police are saying little else about their investigation so far, but according to reports, multiple shots were fired at a white car that was left sitting in the intersection.   police are still searching for the woman and the truck, which is believed to be stolen.   police armed with rifles and protective vests imposed tight security at entrances to the airport, searching vehicles while a police helicopter circled overhead, state-run anadolu agency said.   police arrested a total of seven people on wednesday morning and, around noon, a half-naked man was led out of the building wearing a blood-smeared t-shirt.   police arrested sanchez about an hour after the shooting.   police believe the attack was targeted, but couldn't say whether it was connected to the drug turf war that has recently been blamed for many shootings in the city.   police believe the baby has not received medical treatment since he was born.   police believe the stolen plates are usually put on stolen vehicles.   police can confirm that the victim was being electronically monitored and is on bail for an indictable offence.   police chief george kral says the car's driver shot the dog and was hit by return fire from an officer who then left the home.   police chief mike koval said the man was shot friday night after an altercation in which the officer was knocked down by a blow to the head.   police cleared the area and made some arrests shortly after the protest began.   police closed the road in the area.   police commissioner aderemi opadokun said a lieutenant died and a woman was injured when two suicide bombers approached a checkpoint and one exploded.   police department spokeswoman michelle yu said she would pass a message seeking comment from harrison, a -year veteran, to his commander.   police dogs detected the device in a supermarket bag during a routine check around the world trade center area, the ministry said thursday, and the area was quickly evacuated.   police don't believe speed was a factor in the crash, but alcohol was.   police found the remains or dna of women on robert pickton's port coquitlam farm.   "police from the surry hills local area command are investigating the incident and urge anyone with information to come forward."   police have been called to many car accidents over the past few weeks where weather was a factor.   police have begun probing some deaths that occurred during the man's time working in delmenhorst, oldenburg and nearby wilhelmshaven — all in northern germany.   police have issued and appeal to identify them anyone with information is asked to contact pc reed on or at @kent.   police have not confirmed the identity or nationality of the -year-old man they arrested on saturday in the city's nong chok area.   police haven't visited the corner, other than driving by.   police have responded by sending more officers from the lapd's elite metropolitan division into the area.   police hope anyone with any information on the alleged incident will contact them or crimestoppers.   police in portland are stretched thin right now with a growing gang problem and a shortage of officers.   police in south charleston said they will be focusing on major roadways like corridor g and maccorkle avenue.   police investigate possible attempts to poison dogs in fredericton.   police look for mom of abandoned quadriplegic man philadelphia and maryland police officials are working together to locate the mother of a -year-old quadriplegic man who was found in the woods late friday night.   police officers are guarding lennon wall and remove all notes posted to it at the end of each day.   police raided the homes of suspected islamist militants across france overnight, arresting people, and investigators identified a belgian national living in syria as the possible mastermind behind the paris attacks, which killed people.   police received a report of a body around a.m., police said in a news release.   police rounded them up.   police said around : p.m. a man driving a van pulled over on st. andrews drive and parked the vehicle.   police said bomb-sniffing dogs were brought in to search the plane, but wouldn’t comment further on the nature of the threat.   police said in a brief statement that the child was rescued in norte de santander department, home to cucuta, "in good health," without providing details of how she was freed.   police said nobody in the area appeared to have been struck by any of the bullets.   police said personal items were taken in the home invasion.   police said that, instead, the mothers and children all boarded a plane for turkey, which shares a border with syria.   police said that mcbean ignored their orders to drop the weapon and pointed it at them on the grounds of an oakland park apartment complex, giving them no choice but to shoot.   police said the baine harbour fire department responded to a call of a burning vehicle in the early hours of saturday morning.   police said the death toll was so unusually high because both vehicles caught fire.   police said the highway would remain closed until after tuesday's evening rush hour for the investigation.   police said the money was just a lure, as tang forced his victims to have sex with him, without paying them.   police said they have returned the stolen item to their rightful owner.   police said they seized fake visa credit cards blanks, credit card readers, card writers and other items typically used for making fraudulent credit cards.   police said they would face charges of disrupting the peace.   police say a man faces charges of uttering threats and possession of a prohibited firearm.   police say brown escaped any injury in the early sunday morning shooting.   police say christian costello, , stabbed his father repeatedly, including at least once in the head, in front of horrified witnesses, after meeting his parents at a braum's grill and ice cream shop.   police say clark, a suspect in a domestic assault, interfered with medical personnel and scuffled with officers.   police say he choked his mother.   police say he retrieved the gun and fired it, striking elijah walker in the face.   police say he was found in a secured area of the brewery thursday evening.   police say his injuries are not life-threatening and he was taken to the hospital.   police say it appears the driver was not wearing a seatbelt and the car was travelling in excess of km/h.   police say it is the body of an adult and the homicide unit has been called in to investigate.   police say officers were called to an address in st stephen’s hill shortly after pm last saturday due to “concern for the welfare of a -year-old woman”.   police say one woman had to be taken to hospital, but is expected to survive.   police say on sunday, the teen lured madyson middleton into his family's apartment from a courtyard at an artists' complex where they both lived.   police say search warrants are being carried out today, and that they're reviewing security footage of the incident.   police say the -year-old white man died of a self-inflicted gunshot.   police say the boy removed a handgun from his mother's purse saturday and fired one shot, striking his father in the lower backside.   police say the cyclist rode onto the street, into the path of a mini-van.   police say the girls are very confident young women who know the edinburgh area well and are happy to travel independently throughout the city.   police say the investigation is ongoing.   police say there are no other suspects in the shootings.   police say the vehicle was travelling east on jubilee road when its passenger side mirror hit the man.   police say they are looking for a lone shooter in a wooded area near the arena.   police say they recovered two handguns and drugs.   police say zambrano-montes' threatening behavior led officers to open fire.   police searched the dumpster and found the victim's purse, though her wallet and phones were gone.   police shot dead six of them, the local government said.   police ultimately decided the small-stake games were harmless and apologized, said bob burnett, president of the condominium association’s governing board.   police union says officers are innocent onlookers cheered and shouted "justice!" during mosby's announcement.   police were able to catch up with the trio and arrest them.   police were also called to the scene to block the road off, which caused some delays in the town centre.   police were called to the - store at th street and stony plain road just before a.m. the man's injuries are not life-threatening.   police weren't sure how the hole formed, and said repairs might not be possible overnight.   police were on the lookout for him after he allegedly assaulted at least four people with a hammer monday.   police will not say where the threats occurred because they don't want to identify the victims.   polina yakobson and christine charlebois (ireland and canada) – design duo polina yakobson and christine charlebois, who are both -years-old, gave a contemporary take on traditional samurai uniforms.   polish folklore has the virgin mary offering eggs to the soldiers guarding christ on the cross, as she begged them to be merciful, her tears left stains on the eggs.   political collectibles are part of a centuries-old american tradition, one that took off in but was solidified with the presidential campaign, when tintype visages of abraham lincoln and other candidates appeared on buttons.   political experts say she could emerge from the trial even stronger among many national front voters.   political instability, the kind we've experienced since the crisis, freshly fed with the last elections, is always bad.   political neutrality under scrutiny the royal family is supposed to remain politically neutral under britain's unwritten constitution.   politicians and policymakers are divided over how to come up with the remaining $ billion needed to fund the plan.   politicians on the island are calling for a moratorium and are asking leaders of the federal liberals and ndp to openly oppose the plan.   politico also reported that west point would have a record of whether he applied in .   politics not economics some analysts dismiss the fear that a full blown stock market collapse could precipitate a wider economic shock.   pollard, , has battled health problems in recent years and is being held in a north carolina prison.   polling stations opened at : (: gmt) on thursday, and results are expected on friday.   poll results: do you still use the phone book?   pool has rescued, rehabilitated and released hundreds of sloths and other mammals back to the rainforest.   poor penny; first evicted from the house in bb, yet the drama teacher still managed to get fired from her job upon return after complaints from parents at her appearing nude in the show.   pope calls for world leaders to normalize relations can the pope ever be wrong?   pope francis photos pope francis embraced vinicio riva, a disfigured man who suffers from a non-infectious genetic disease, during a public audience at the vatican in november .   pope francis might be particularly cool, but he's not breaking new ground in terms of papal discographies.   pope francis to meet with gay rights activist in paraguay pope francis to meet with gay rights activist in paraguay : president and the prisoners one of the key catholic phrases describing the pope's mission and manner is "a culture of encounter."   poplar bluff standout chris stocks then took the inbounds pass and crossed mid-court before being surrounded by defenders.   populated by convicts in the early days of british settlement, australia still loves to lay down the law.   pop was banned, as were other types of junk food and sweets.   porat's pay package is substantial, but not unprecedented, for google.   porch, which has raised more than $ million, largely from hardware retailer lowe’s, declined to disclose terms of the acquisition.   pornchai rujiprapa, minister of information and communication technology for asean member thailand, said the government was proposing a new law to combat cyber attacks as existing legislation was outdated.   porsha, played by ta'rhonda jones, is cookie's assistant and comedic sidekick.   porter added points to the braves' cause while kesler scored points to go with six rebounds, three assists and five steals.   porter is black.   portland is home to the german shoe company's north american headquarters.   portland, ore. – arianna huffington started the most popular political website on the internet and was named one of the most influential women in media, but during a one-on-one interview thursday she stressed how much unplugging can make our lives better.   portland, ore. – authorities say multnomah county is seeing a record number of requests for rent increases on housing for the poor.   portraits, rd prize, stories the winners of the world press photo contestwere announced in amsterdam, feb. , .   ports such as are commonly blocked due to smtp relays being a vector for spam proliferation.   pospisil) performs between and surgeries annually.   possible ebola case flown to uk stress 'stops empathy for strangers' how has the typical basket of goods changed since ?   possible inch totals: stormteam 's todd klaassen says most of the snow will move out this evening, but prepare for a slow commute both in the morning and evening across the southern half of the state.   possibly overlooked in all of the glittering stats compiled by the seattle defense this season is that the seahawks rewrote many of their offensive records as well.   posted by gopro on wednesday, september , facebook is betting big that virtual reality is the future.   posted by mcdonald's on wednesday, august it's not clear what "something bigger" might be, but it's at least fun to watch mcdonald's respond to the offer without, you know, implying that it's somehow against world peace.   posted by wichita police department on saturday, december , investigators determined none of the four in the pickup truck were involved in the double homicide, which happened on tuesday in wichita and was believed to be gang-related.   posted by will smith on saturday, october , the smith family has been in the business of making adorable messages lately.   posted: jul , : pm et stephen harper to launch federal election campaign as early as sunday: the longest federal election campaign in modern history is set to kick off as early as sunday, cbc news has confirmed.   post election violence claimed at least , lives in ivory coast in / simone gbagbo is the proverbial formidable wife at the side of an ambitious husband.   poster for birdman movie with only a week to go before the oscars, the all-important best picture prize appears locked in a two-horse race between dark comedy "birdman" and coming-of-age drama "boyhood."   postgres, by contrast, has no dominant vendor behind it.   postmedia’s editorial departments had no involvement in the creation of this content.   post offices and several area businesses were also already closed.   post said the government really discouraged the public from interacting with the refugees.   potential presidential candidates photos gov. scott walker of wisconsin is considered a possible republican candidate, but he told cnn that his priority is to first help the gop capture the senate in next november's midterms.   potential presidential candidates photos louisiana gov. bobby jindal is establishing a committee to formally explore a white house bid.   potential presidential candidates photos texas sen. ted cruz announced his presidential bid on monday, march , in a speech at liberty university.   potential bidders may not have known about the opportunity or may be concerned about legal questions, industry experts said.   potential candidates have until january to put their names forward.   potential jurors found the information too difficult to look past to render an impartial verdict -- causing st. joseph county superior court judge john marnocha to dismiss the day's whole pool.   poulter now stands down as host, handing over to rose, luke donald and lee westwood for the next three years although it is not yet known which member of the trio will pick up the baton in .   pour the hamburger mixture over the top and then layer wit the other half of the tater tots.   powell replied that such a designation “wouldn’t help” stop anyone intent on harm.   powered by broadcast interactive media.   powerful images of the nyc building collapse things we've learned about richard iii bet you can't watch this without smiling mystery viking found with islamic ring 'game of thrones' is back!   power outages will last from weeks to possibly months, with most of the area also being uninhabitable for weeks or months.   power said the province needs to move from a resource-based economy to a technology-based economy that's innovative, internationally competitive and sustainable.   power was restored by about : a.m. damage to individual homes varied widely, and in at least one case was dramatic, with cracked plaster and a blown well cap.   practically, this means that you could spend a lot of money on concentrated social services for the chronically homeless, and still come out ahead financially if it keeps them off the street.   pratt would extend the jcsu lead to - following a tip-in of his own at the : mark.   precious charbonneau was pregnant, stabbed prior to fall, police say robert giblin was treated for the condition, according to the obituary placed by his family in the sudbury star, and "put the pieces of his life together.   precious metals: gold and silver lost their shine as the dollar shot higher.   predicting final enrollment this year, says beth flye, assistant dean and director of admissions for northwestern's kellogg school of management (kellogg full-time mba profile), was "like trying to land a on a sunfish sailboat."   preflight photos showed all of the struts to be fine.   premier dwight ball says his government faces difficult choices, but added keeping the status quo is not one of them.   premier kathleen wynne also said in a year-end interview with the canadian press that the relationship between the beer store consortium and the lcbo looked unfair and would "absolutely" be changed.   premier league giants manchester united were valued at us$. billion according to the most recent forbes estimates.   “premium content is scarce, and scarcity creates a huge difference between tv and the internet,” said scott ferber, chief executive of videology, an ad tech startup.   "premiums are going up.   prentiss' body was found monday morning after a man police say was lamb called and said they should go to the home.   preparations have been made in surabaya to receive and identify the human remains in the coming hours and days.   prepared in small batches, trickling springs ice cream is unapologetically full fat.   prerequisites for consideration are that the candidates be bahamian, possess a minimum term gpa of ., and are enrolled in or have been accepted into the college of the bahamas or an accredited college abroad.   presented by the rainbow theatre company in association with edgemar center for the arts, it will continue it's regular run the next day at the pm sunday matinee and in the weeks and possibly months that follow saturday's unique double bill.   presented with ap's findings, the coast guard provided a new leak estimate that is about times greater than one recently given by the company.   presently, there are daily flights from dubai to china (beijing, guangzhou, hong kong, and shanghai), including eight operated by emirates.   president ali abdullah saleh, a longtime enemy of the houthis, was pushed from power amid popular protests in and has since allied himself and his loyalists with the houthis against president hadi, who now lives in exile in saudi arabia.   president anastasiades in malta for chogm during the meeting, elections for the new secretary general of the commonwealth will be held.   president anastasiades will be meeting netanyahu on friday, followed by talks with the participation of their delegations.   president ashraf ghani's government has worked to rein in the sector, and pakistan's drug regulatory authority said cross-border cooperation was improving.   president barack obama fist-pumped while first lady michelle took it all in. gina rodriguez sang along.   president barack obama has authorized "targeted airstrikes" if needed to protect u.s. personnel from fighters with isis.   president barack obama has called for regulation under the communications act, and democratic appointees hold a commission majority.   president barack obama last week said he would pressure congress to enact legislation that would curb firearms violence after a gunman killed nine people in oregon.   president barack obama's administration, wary of being dragged into syria's messy civil war, has so far struggled to find enough partners on the ground to help claw back territory from islamic state, relying heavily on kurdish fighters.   president barack obama said he was monitoring the situation.   president barack obama's decision to drop plans for a radical reduction in u.s. forces next year was greeted with relief by the administration in kabul, which had feared being abandoned by its most powerful ally.   president barack obama traveled to roseburg friday to meet with the families and surviving victims of the mass shooting.   president denis sassou n'guesso was not allowed to seek re-election because the constitution barred any leader from serving for more than two terms.   president francois hollande ordered flags flown at half-staff, and the eiffel tower will switch off its lights and shroud tourists in dark.   president hassan rouhani has pledged $ billion to fix the problem over the next years, but can this buoyant wetland rebound?   presidential candidate carly fiorina discusses why america should hire her after being fired as ceo of hp.   presidential candidates take the stage in the republican presidential debate on tuesday in milwaukee.   presidential hopeful hillary clinton meets with a group of supports in the backyard of a beaverdale, … asked if the justice department should investigate, clinton said: "they can fight over it or argue over it.   presidential politics provided a bit of background music in the senate.   “president muhammadu buhari has condemned the latest wave of killings..   "president obama and the u.s. administration have expressed full readiness to provide support for our security forces in our effort to liberate all of iraq," al-abadi said.   president obama can plead not guilty.   president obama has made clear that china is a global "free rider" that profits on the back of american innovation, with china hacking its way into our economy by stealing our trade secrets and killing thousands of american jobs.   president obama is expected to announce wednesday plans to bring high-speed internet access to more schools by .   president obama is pleading for our patience: “the (multipronged) strategy that we are putting forward is the strategy that ultimately is going to work.”   president obama to @bethanymota.   "president obama was clear that we intend to continue our efforts to degrade and ultimately destroy isil in syria and to keep supporting the moderate syrian opposition," the official said.   "president putin and i have agreed on initiatives, to be made public when they are in full development, that will stabilize the oil market," maduro said, according to avn.   president sein had secured a draft deal with rebel groups last month to end decades of fighting, described by the united nations as a "historic and significant achievement."   president will be tracey jackson; vice president, chris wheaton; treasurer, claris bissette; secretary, karen white; and social media coordinator, amber williams.   presiding over a news conference in may to announce nintendo's full-year financial results, iwata had said the company's long-awaited entry into smartphone games would help it double annual operating profit in the year to next march.   press reports said that the rally had been suspended.   pressure to overhaul the business has been intensified by us-based activist investor valueact, which took a stake in rolls-royce not long after mr east's arrival at the helm.   preston said rhynes also managed a crew doing preparation at the ski area, and rhynes had hired noble and ertz.   pretty depraved, but then so is homosexuality.   previous attempts at passing war authorization to combat isis have also failed.   previous audio and video recordings have featured nuttall and korody justifying the attack by complaining about what they perceive as the mistreatment of muslims by the canadian military overseas.   previous fights over the nation's borrowing limit has rattled investors.   previously cfo at morgan stanley, porat was appointed to the job in march after google's former cfo patrick pichette announced his retirement earlier that month.   previously, he created and drew a digitally syndicated panel, “bozo,” for universal uclick’s gocomics web site.   previously on loose lips news, blogs & columns arts & entertainment subscribe to district line daily the e-mail field is required.   previously, parents could submit a vaccination waiver to a daycare center or school without being briefed by a health expert.   previously, screenshots from the playstation version (which have now been removed) appeared.   previously, the statue of liberty closed in november because of significant damage sustained from superstorm sandy.   previously, they earned from $. to $..   previously, they had said only that the -year-old attacker killed himself after a shootout.   previously, ubisoft ceo yves guillemot complained that despite their best efforts to create a solid product, zombiu was not profitable due to the wii u’s install base.   "previously when amyloid-beta was injected in a mouse brain, it spread," said dr. rudy tanzi, a harvard scientist who is best known for mapping the first alzheimer's gene.   previous research from burning glass showed the “stem gap” is actually much larger than people previously estimated.   previous studies have suggested these may include prenatal infections, preterm birth and parents' age diabetes diabetes prevents the body from making or properly using insulin, which causes sugar to build up in the blood.   price said they had to contend with frozen equipment and icy ground.   prices also dipped in regina, by about three per cent compared to .   prices began to decline last july and then it was like a set of dominoes falling.   prices could plummet to $ as a massive supply glut persists until the end of next year.   prices exploded, to the point that a loaf of bread ultimately cost billion marks.   prices were down . percent this week, the biggest such loss since july . on the london metal exchange (lme), copper for delivery in three months declined . percent to us$, a tonne.   “prime healthcare takes great pride in the quality of care we provide,” said dr. prem reddy, prime’s ceo, in a statement.   prime minister alexis tsipras' -day-old government has said it will not extend a bailout program due to expire at the end of this month and has refused to cooperate with the so-called troika of international lenders.   prime minister benjamin netanyahu condemned the attack on the dawabsha family as "terrorism in every respect," and vowed to bring the perpetrators to justice.   prime minister charles michel warned that the threat remained "imminent".   prime minister david cameron talks with political editor paul francis mr cameron said: “we have put the £m in, we will have the review and i have said to charlie if there are sensible things coming out of the review we will act on them.”   prime minister helle said the gunman killed after the weekend shooting spree probably wasn’t part of an organized cell.   prime minister mariano rajoy said "no theory is being ruled out" in relation to the disappearance of the three, missing for days in a war zone where numerous foreigners have been kidnapped in the past.   prime minister stephen harper confirmed that when he spoke about the changes to immigration brought in under his watch during a candid response in new york earlier this year.   prime minister stephen harper's government changed the rules for appointing judges.   prime says all they can do now is wait.   prince charles: still in line photos prince charles follows his mother, queen elizabeth ii, as they leave westminster hall in april .   prince edward and his wife sophie were given ski jackets on a visit to france and a copy of usain bolt's autobiography on a trip to the caribbean.   prince edward islanders zoey mossman and alexandra dekerf are avid colouring fans.   prince philip: a life in pictures photos prince philip: a life in pictures – june , : queen elizabeth ii and prince philip attend the annual trooping the colour ceremony in a horse and carriage.   prince said it was a "smart" idea.   princess anne, who competed in equestrian for britain at the olympics and is an ioc member, is the only female honorary member who hasn't played golf competitively.   "princess bride" line he is asked to recite daily: "inconceivable!"   prince turki: i can rule that out completely, even individuals.   • prioritize jobs, delegate when necessary, keep the main focus the main focus.   priority-one business services is located on the first and second storeys.   prior to founding the law firm, mr. hubbard served as chief deputy attorney general for the state attorney general's office.   prior to his current role, he worked with sap america in various capacities, including global vice president of engineering, construction and operations.   prior to rice's comments, white house officials had only said netanyahu and house speaker john boehner had broken protocol by not notifying the administration about the planned speech to a joint session of congress.   prior to that, his visits with the boys were supervised by the children's aid society in barrie.   prior to that, vancouver held the title for nearly a decade.   prior to the accident, the bees were on route to north dakota where they were to go about producing honey.   prior to the introduction, its surveys indicated the no. reason consumers were dropping diet cola was aspartame—a zero-calorie sweetener blamed for everything from autism to diabetes.   prior to the vote, polls of all stripes found that no party had any real chance of pulling off a majority; the country was primed and ready for coalition confusion.   prison break shatters peace in upstate n.y. towns a pair of convicted murderers who escaped from a nearby prison were all the talk at melissa's barber shop in the upstate new york hamlet of west chazy.   prison doctor dmitry kratov, the only person to face trial in the case, was acquitted.   prisoners say they face risks of excruciating pain and torture during an execution, and that such pain violates the u.s. constitution's eighth amendment prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.   prisoners smoking ganja in the cell is a daily occurrence at the courthouse.   privacy advocates worry that the city’s mass surveillance campaign is violating the fundamental rights of the city’s residents.   privatefly says the glide path is set at stomach-churning . degrees as opposed to the usual degree glide path.   private partners the un general secretary is responding to that reality by increasingly looking for partnerships with the private sector.   pr newswire membership fill out a pr newswire membership form or contact us at () -.   "probably a good analogy is thinking about british columbia."   probably if the georgians or the azeris would start this kind of investment, we would see a strong russian reaction.   probably not right away.   “probably the most important part of this decision is that the state of arizona will now have to face discovery in a trial to be held accountable for the creation and enactment of this law.”   "problems should be addressed where they arise," said one eu diplomat.   proceeds from the event will be used to provide scholarships to help eureka springs high school seniors continue their education after graduation and support other community projects.   pro-democracy legislators have pledged to veto a proposal from beijing ahead of the chief executive elections in the former-british colony.   produced by lucy rodgers, salim qurashi, steven connor share this story about sharing july london bombings: the victims video / survivor: 'i still think i'm a lucky one' / attacks: ten years on, how safe is the uk?   producers argue that shipping to countries in europe and asia, where refineries are equipped to more efficiently handle lighter oil, makes economic sense until more u.s. refineries can efficiently process lighter oil.   producing these air strikes requires the ship to operate myriad interlinked operations every day, launching and recovering its aircraft in a complex and inherently dangerous ballet.   production of the core parts of the vehicle, such as fuel cell stacks and high-pressure hydrogen tanks, will be boosted through investment of about ¥ billion.   products will only be released for sale after tests show they are safe.   professionally, parker was ambitious, hurst said.   professor ethan schmidt was killed at delta state monday.   professor jean-marie dangou is who's country representative in guinea.   prof gallen also believes some junior doctors think they have to speak welsh to work here.   profile america is in its th year as a public service of the u.s. census bureau.   profits were weighed down by $. billion in legal expenses during the quarter.   pro-government forces had seized the town of daleh, and a bid to also take shabwa was showing "positive" results, he added, urging the renegade troops to rejoin forces of the "legitimate government".   prolonged low prices have already taken a toll on alaska, which derives approximately percent of its revenues from oil.   prominent chicago activists said protests were a foregone conclusion, but they were not certain yet what form they may take.   promises of adventure, cars, and women is would convince you to stay with promises of luxury and women, ebrahim said.   promoters said ticket sales for concerts in the french capital fell by around percent in the week following the wave of killings, the worst in paris since world war ii.   property developer galliard homes boasts on its web site that a property bought in east london's docklands area in has jumped %.   proponents say the bill reflects a growing distrust of government-backed money.   proposals may be mailed or delivered by hand or common courier.   pro-refugee rap is a growing niche genre that may not keep boats from sinking in the mediterranean - but is still stirring things up.   pro-russian separatists have been trying to seize what is believed to be the key to the city since last april.   prosecutor kiraz died from his wounds last tuesday after security forces stormed the office where members of the far-left revolutionary people's liberation party-front (dhkp-c) had taken him hostage.   prosecutor oscar tavares - no relation - described it as an attack on democracy.   prosecutors allege zeitner told her obstetrician in march that she had cancer and her pregnancy put her life in further danger.   prosecutors also claimed that patel ordered abortion-inducing drugs online and tried to terminate her pregnancy, but a toxicology report failed to find evidence of any drugs in her system.   prosecutors and police declined to comment on what had prompted charges now in shele danishefsky covlin's death.   prosecutors claimed bulgarella had links to matteo messina denaro, one of italy's most wanted men.   prosecutors contend garrard made the girl run as punishment for telling a lie about candy, and refused to let savannah stop running even after the girl was vomiting and begging for an end to the exercise.   prosecutors first named ponta a suspect on june and he was indicted in july on charges including tax evasion, money laundering, conflict of interest and making false statements while he was working as a lawyer in and .   prosecutors had backed work's order.   prosecutors had said the mother of three had spent about $, per month, including more than $, in non-essential items such as cable tv, clothing and dining.   prosecutors have charged holmes with multiple counts of first-degree murder and attempted murder, and have said they will seek the death penalty for the california native if he is convicted.   prosecutors request recordings of jailhouse calls and records of hernandez's visitors since his arrest in june .   prosecutors rested their case monday after calling more than witnesses over days of testimony, including bombing survivors who described losing limbs in the attack.   prosecutors said david rainey, in the early days of the spill, manipulated calculations to match a far-too-low government estimate of the amount of oil spewing into the gulf following the explosion of the deepwater horizon drilling rig.   prosecutors said hernandez planned the killing, then helped cover it up.   prosecutors said he wanted to buy the airplane from one of the men, but in an attempt to hide the purchase from his wife, he went to the hangar and stole it.   prosecutors said publicly revealing sater's role might endanger him or damage his value as an informant.   prosecutors say the -year-old woman lost consciousness during liposuction and had ongoing health issues afterward.   prosecutors say the training camp was to be set up as a weapons-training post for al-qaida so al-qaida could take advantage of relaxed u.s. gun laws and train european recruits for islamic militancy.   prosecutors say they also operated in london and rome.   prosecutors showed reporters an image with a red-coloured circle around johnson's hand, saying that forensic experts clarified images of a weapon.   prosecutors, who are investigating companies as being vehicles for money laundering and tax evasion worth . billion euros ($. billion), said monday the managers allegedly misused the company's credit and capital.   prosecutors, who learned of the texts in the filing, began an investigation and found messages from additional officers.   pros format choices: there are several different file types you can choose to associate with free duplicate photo finder.   pros recovery mode options: lazesoft mac data recovery offers several search options.   protecting the french language others, like emer o'toole, a professor at concordia's school of canadian irish studies, aren't fazed by the language requirements.   “protective gloves should be worn while mixing color, application of color and during rinsing and washing after dyeing,” they said.   protect your child!   protein world said it did not consider that the poster implied that people should look like the model or that the text and image were irresponsible.   protesters at the instro precision site in broadstairs.   protesters burned tyres and used rocks, garbage containers and branches to block roads in the villages.   protesters confront la mayor protesters gathered outside the residence of la mayor eric garcetti to protest the investigation into the death of ezell ford.   protesters say the police have fired live rounds at them, though officials deny this.   protests past and present photos police lt. john pike at the university of california, davis, uses pepper spray to break up occupy uc davis protesters on the school's quad on november , .   pro-unificationists stress the importance of a peace agreement, saying it would guarantee that taiwan will not become separate from china.   provide a notebook at the bedside so i can keep all my important papers, cards from my health care team and other staff, etc. in one place.   providing other users with access to a powerapp looks and works just like sharing a document in office today.   ps sales hit million sony computer entertainment on wednesday announced that about . million playstation (ps) consoles were sold worldwide as of sunday.   psaki refused to go into "internal policy discussions" but stressed washington was taking into account "events on the ground."   ps: your trusty dw "homeland" detective gladly welcomes any tip-offs.   public defender jeff adachi remains a staunch opponent of tasers as weapons for sfpd officers.   public health investigators visited the mall on monday after residents complained of cockroaches, according to the health agency.   public ministry official francisco rivas said guatemala received a request thursday from the united states for jimenez's apprehension and possible extradition.   public opinion seems to be based on the loudest empty wagon that makes the most noise.   "public safety has always been our number one priority."   public subsidies for the church are to be radically reduced, but the muslim community will also be provided with financial support for the first time.   published in , the book estimated that under stalin, million people died in labor camps, executions and famines.   publisher axel springer se said tuesday the experiment on the bild newspaper's website is starting immediately.   puerto rico has been in this scenario before.   puerto rico's democratic primary is june as noted by mark-viverito, clinton has already come out in support of allowing the island territory to declare bankruptcy and restructure its debt.   pugh, having scored two goals in the - win at concord on tuesday night, later pulled up with a groin injury and so it was sykes who partnered the in-form tom bradbrook.   pumping will mark completion of a perilous project.   pure unadulterated success is not as funny as failure.   purple” for his preferred shade of clothing.   pusha's like a boxer telegraphing his punches pusha doesn’t have any trouble navigating these off-kilter soundscapes, but something’s slipped in his rapping.   put down the talking stick.   putin asked shoigu not to open the box until russia invites international experts to examine them.   putin “needs to go after the people who killed russia’s citizens,” obama said.   putin said russia is prepared to work with the international coalition fighting the militant group but said russia will work on its own if it does not get wider support.   putin's fighters, missiles, warships putin: still strong in russia does putin have asperger's?   putin's nov. order would create another similar system in armenia that would protect the airspace far south of the russian border.   putin's retelling appeared to confirm those reports.   putin still in charge," ian bremmer, a us political scientist, quipped on twitter.   "put simply, white characters with names like connor or garrett could be imagined as somewhat violent, but this did not lower (or affect) the amount of social prestige that they were imagined to have," he said.   putting it another way, firing a taser at another individual is an assault.   putting your own twist on things doesn't begin and end with the "themes" app, though.   pyle told the washington post last year that after holding positions in a family business, he decided to look for an "industry that was in its infancy and something that would have growth potential."   pyongyang, north korea (ap) — the latest on the celebrations marking the th anniversary of the creation of north korea's ruling party (all times local).   pyongyang walked away from a deal with china, japan, russia, south korea and the us to end its nuclear program in return for diplomatic and economic rewards.   "python is a bit of a tricky meat," hazeel said, deftly slicing a long piece of pinkish flesh.   qamar maqsood, ahmed's son, said it was upsetting to the family to see havyarimana smiling as he was brought into the arrest processing unit.   q. are you optimistic that a meaningful agreement will come out of these talks?   qassem suleimani, tehran's top officer responsible for foreign operations, has along with other iranians advised iraqi forces on the ground during multiple operations.   qatar's bid chairman did not respond to correspondence from panorama.   qe ahead after german inflation numbers?   qe is a type of monetary policy used by central banks to stimulate the economy when standard monetary policy has become ineffective.   q: has legalization and an opening for a free and independent press in cuba been among the topics discussed by the two governments?   q: i am planning to retire shortly and move to the tampa area of florida.   q: my, sorry, my question, i’m sorry about that.   qpr, whose chairman is malaysian businessman tony fernandes, will now return to the championship following their promotion via the play-offs last season.   q: robin, your movie "good morning vietnam' inspired me to become a broadcaster.   q:she said the thieves had vandalized the locks on the house.   quadruplets born to -year-old woman to leave hospital soon berlin (ap) — doctors in germany say quadruplets born prematurely three months ago to a -year-old woman are doing well and can leave a berlin hospital soon.   quaglia asks, smiling as she shows her former teacher some of the new songs she's learning.   qualcomm's comments also show how the company is trying to do more and respond faster to rumors and potential bad news about its latest chip designs.   qualifying carpools must have a good to go!   quality control of screenings on a wide scale simply doesn't work well, marron said.   quebec's art and culture scene cbc montreal uncovers the stories that matter to you heartache and hope share your memory of the montreal children's hospital need a loaf of bread?   queen leads vj day th anniversary the queen has joined former prisoners of war at a remembrance service to mark the th anniversary of vj day, when japan surrendered and world war two ended.   questioned by a federal customs agent, he reveals the movie's story in flashbacks, punctuated by whispers about a feared, near-mythical gangster named keyser söze who is so ruthless, he kills his own family to keep from being bested by his rivals.   questioning should be understood as the definitive tool of problem solving that leads to new vision in the form of personal expression.   “questions remain about kmt ownership of land or buildings used by of its local chapters across the nation.   quickflix had announced au$ million in debt recovery in october by signing deals with one "major" studio, adding that another three studios were close to signing deals worth au$ million.   quick, methodical, move the chains, west-coast offense style.   quinn cook added points for duke (-, - atlantic coast conference), which capitalized on a couple of key turnovers by the tar heels (-, -) to finally get a fragile hold on a road game in which neither team could get many second-half stops.   quintero says, using an expletive.   quite frankly, most of us know about the bears in churchill.   quite simply, over billion homo sapiens cannot be "hunter gatherers."   quizlet hosts ads on its site, but it requires parental consent before signing up children under the age of , as required by the federal children's online privacy protection act, margulius says.   quiz of the week's news it's the magazine's weekly news quiz - a chance to prove to yourself and others that you have been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days.   quiz: which muppet are you? photos the kitchen is where friends find you most of the time, whipping up delicacies that there are no words for -- at least none that your friends can understand.   quoted: taylor swift photos on gossip – "people are going to talk about you.   quotes in the article jain irrigation systems ltd for decades many companies ignored the social and environmental consequences of their activities.   quotes in the article regional executives told store managers at the retailer’s annual holiday planning meeting this month to rein in expenses by cutting worker hours they’ve added beyond those allocated to them based on sales projections.   quotes in the article whether they can swing it financially is another matter.   quoting a morning briefing by the rescue command centre, state media said ma congbo, president of yurong commerce and trade ltd. co., was assisting with rescue efforts on sunday morning when he jumped into a mine well and drowned.   qureshi co-starred with madhuri dixit in "dedh ishqiya", a story about two strong women who refuse to play by the rules.   q: what does this mean moving forward for you guys?   q: what effect does the ritual of promposals have on your students’ sense of self-worth?   q: what percentage of local apartments is set aside as affordable units?   q: which of these is critical to your happiness?   q: why do very strong el ninos bring more rain to california?   q. you also performed against ari millen as the project castor clones this season.   q: you've taken that lesson to heart, you said, but it took you some time to learn it.   rabbi joel mosbacher talks to dw about his mission for change.   rabies is a viral disease that infects the nervous system and spreads to the brain.   rachel tackley, president of trade body uk theatre and director of english touring theatre, said the industry was "working together to make what there is go further".   racial disparities are not recognized as a constitutional violation of "equal protection of the law" unless intentional racial discrimination against the defendant can be shown.   racing into the daytona through their finish in the duel were: cole whitt, michael annett, jj yeley, michael mcdowell, ty dillon and landon cassill.   racism anonymous attempt to out kkk falls flat the hacktivist collective anonymous claimed it would expose , members of the ku klux klan.   radar: student academy awards the cult of apple: steve jobs on the big screen (again) the premiere of the new biopic on apple founder steve jobs has been met with wide approval at its premiere in new york.   raddatz: but you can't tell us this specifically, even if you were..   radio active podcast - october , on the show.   radio spots are in the works, as well.   radios, unmanned aerial vehicles, counter-mortar radars, night vision devices, first aid kits, ambulances and other medical supplies are included in the aid package.   radio: what changes the second time around for kc?   rae carruth the former carolina panthers wide receiver was just embarking on a promising nfl career in the late s when was charged with conspiracy to murder, ultimately leading to his conviction.   raed arafat, an emergency situations official, said two patients who had been sent to the netherlands for specialized burns treatment had died, including a -year-old italian woman.   rafael nadal and the evolution of the wimbledon champion photos stefan edberg thrived on grass during the serve-and-volley era.   raf casert view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   ragab, farghali's brother, said he has no hope of justice."   raging against non-believers in "dirty kuffar" by sheikh terra and featuring soul salah crew, there are shoutouts to osama bin laden and fundamentalist groups hamas and hezbollah.   raheem sterling (liverpool) left footed shot from the left side of the box is too high following a corner.   rahman: as far as being violent, there is nothing in islam that promotes violence.   raider commanders studied unconventional warfare tactics, including chinese guerrillas, and were given their pick of men and equipment, according to marine historians.   raiders , franklin county the raiders continued play on saturday facing a familiar foe franklin county.   raif badawi was honored with the award as a symbol of the fight for freedom of speech — an announcement greeted with a standing ovation thursday at the european parliament assembly in strasbourg, france.   • rainier beach and university district renters are feeling the housing-affordability crunch.   raising the standards on some campuses, the increased fervor for the business major means it is becoming more competitive to get into b-schools.   rajoy's future blocked by others as well in a similar move, the leader of the far-left 'podemos' movement (which translates as "we can"), said his party - which had won seats - would not support any form of pp alliance.   raju has been out on bail since november after spending nearly three years behind bars during the trial.   rallies are planned across the country on thursday.   ramadi is just kilometers ( miles) west of baghdad, the heavily fortified capital.   ramos is a convicted pedophile.   ramsay thought his idea for a new type of camera would resonate with others and took their idea to kickstarter, alongside co-founder dan mills, in hopes the crowdfunding website would help make it a reality.   ramsbottom, who also worked on the vancouver olympics, said mascots seem to be more popular at multi-sport events than they are in the professional sports world.   random people all over the world are calling us.   rand paul's political life photos paul speaks to hometown supporters in bowling green, kentucky, during his campaign for the senate in november .   randy simms, steve kent on the hunt for mount pearl north the two candidates are well known in the district.   rangers , blue jackets in columbus, ohio, mats zuccarello had two goals as the new york rangers scored three times in a minute, second span in the third period to seize the win.   rangers host childress tonight the perryton rangers lost their season opener last week to dumas, -.   ranked sixth, there is a realistic ambition the "three lionesses" can reach the semifinals for the first time.   ranta said storm sewers and catch basins are plugged and the town is busy cleaning them out.   rapoport was when she turned her paper in, but because she was a woman with a jewish mother she hit a barrier.   rapper cent, whose real name is curtis james jackson iii, testifies in a lawsuit for a sex tape that was posted online at new york state supreme court in manhattan, new york july , .   rare color photos reveal life in mao's communist china photos today, barbey continues to photograph in china -- but modernization and pollution have changed the country's visual appearance.   rashkovan recently invited his employees to an experiment in group dynamics that, at first glance, seems a bit silly.   raslavsky and her husband worked in real estate but opened poor little rich girl when the economy tanked in .   rate cut on wall street analysts have expressed growing concern that a lack of orders for the current may force a production-rate cut in everett ahead of the transition to the new x model.   rated pg- for violence and moderate sexiness.   rated pg for mild action and rude humor running time: minutes opens today at a multiplex near you.   rates fluctuate but the u.s. is always the frontrunner.   rates for a room at the hotel will range from , yen ($) to , yen ($), according to the report.   rather, it was a march through town by a mostly white crowd chanting, “black lives matter!   rather than mixing with other penguins, the emperor penguins at ross sea largely stayed put, giving them a unique genetic signature even as their population expanded, the researchers said.   rather than stay and enjoy her summer break, she went back to liberia to help.   rather than swiping credit cards at the front desk, they filled out paper forms instead.   "rather than us looking through million photographs to find our subject, we have automated that process and we are leveraging our technology to help us narrow down those suspects."   rather, the candidates need to offer some clear road map about how they would try to govern in a polarized system.   rather, the right-leaning think-tank says it's a decade of program spending growth that's to blame.   rather, they based their conclusions on national beverage consumption trends, death rates and sugar availability.   rathke, the state department spokesman, said the u.s. is providing intelligence and logistical help.   rational investors don’t care about a company’s overall size.   rauner's spokesperson would not comment on the race for senator luechtefeld's seat or say if rauner will help select and finance a republican candidate.   ravens rank: no. ravens comment: week mvp: javorious allen had a nice day receiving, picking up a yards and a touchdown.   ravi verma is head of international center for research on women's asia regional office in new delhi.   rawls was agile enough and decisive enough to slip by coleman’s block and avoid the second defender just enough to get a first down.   raw materials are set for the biggest quarterly loss since .   rayhons is charged with third-degree sexual abuse, and if convicted could face up to years in prison.   ray looked sharp in his second straight start, completing -of- passes for yards and a td to stake toronto to an early - lead in the second quarter before giving way to trevor harris.   raymond beaudin says the even started as a side hobby and is now "an obsession."   razi sulaimon, who grew up in a west bank refugee camp, said he believes his venezuelan degree will enable him to work as a doctor and is among the many who are staying.   razorback impact won the fasa missouri regionals championship this past weekend.   rbc predicts rates will only rise to percent by the end of , from near zero now, and as a result holds a greater proportion of short-term treasuries relative to its benchmark.   r&b singer thicke has said that he was fond of "got to give it up" when he went out to record "blurred lines."   r. chidambaram, secretary to the department of atomic energy that runs india’s nuclear project, told reporters that “there was no problem at narora.”   rcmp and municipal police were called about a hit and run on rowe avenue around : p.m. municipal police spotted the car and alerted rcmp, and the driver was arrested near cobb's pond rotary park a short time later.   rcmp are asking anyone who spots a moose to report it to warn other drivers, and to slow down and scan the shoulders of the roads to look for moose.   rcmp are asking the public to contact crime stoppers at ---tips () with any information.   rcmp commissioner bob paulson and csis director michel coulombe appeared alongside ralph goodale, the public safety minister, earlier this week and said the government plan is feasible.   rcmp found chapman's body on the morning of wednesday, june , in the yukon river, near whitehorse, but they still don't know how he got there.   rcmp have a man in custody following a stabbing in happy valley-goose bay sunday morning.   rcmp officers told cbc news they have no reason to believe the two incidents were related.   rcmp said around : p.m., a man was ejected from a vehicle when it rolled over in the area outside millertown.   rcmp say one person died in a rollover crash saturday afternoon on highway .   rcmp says the commercial helicopter was helping a work crew in the area when the accident occurred.   rcmp say they were called to the highway, near the days inn hotel, at around : p.m. one person was taken to hospital with unknown injuries.   rcmp were at the scene of the crash monday morning and had not yet identified those found dead.   rcs also said it will sell its hattears liquid alternatives investment sales group to its managers for $. milliion, to be adjusted.   reached at his home in groveland, florida on wednesday, windham said he has been diagnosed with dementia and blood clots in his brain, and feels abandoned by wwe.   "reaching into a vehicle is risky at best," stibbe said.   reach john erzar at -- or on twitter @tljohnerzar all user comments are subject to our terms of service.   read all of sfist's shrimp boy coverage here contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   read alsofirst chinese silk road cargo train arrives in georgia"this reshuffle is linked to the upcoming parliamentary election.   read alsorussia again fakes evidence on mh crash - bellingcat experts according to him, the dutch commission refused to accept the results of the first experiment.   read bradley dack's reaction to scoring his sixth of the season.   read: build and send a robot to the moon, win $m read: did buzz aldrin accidentally take the world's first selfie?   read: bush raises over $ million to help his campaign many of the top donations come from donors with ties to the previous two bush administrations, including contributions from the former presidents themselves.   read: bush takes on immigration -- but at hecklers' request nothing serves as a better backdrop for their stump speeches than the border towns here in the rio grande valley.   read: carly fiorina shines in first gop debate fox moderator bret baier had asked anyone who wouldn't pledge not to run as an independent to raise their hand.   read cnnopinion's new flipboard magazine.   read cnnopinion's new flipboard magazine follow us on twitter @cnnopinion.   reader responses: how would move seattle affect how you get around the city?   readers have been contacting our newsrooms in their droves to complain about the state of the county’s major transport arteries.   read: heaven, dotted with pockets of hell when he finally found his brother and daughter, he took them to a village clinic.   reading can chill you out.   read more about how the iran deal came about at the new york times.   read more at today.   read more born july , in brooklyn, new york, engelberger earned a bachelor's degree in physics and a master's degree in electrical engineering from columbia university.   read more deals on apple ipads, for instance, are limited to a maximum of $ off on the original ipad air.   read more founded in , dot hill systems comes with a myriad of storage arrays, software and data protection services aimed at clients ranging from smbs to the enterprise.   read more from cnbc: tesla burns cash, loses more than $, on every car sold consumer reports said it had heard from roughly , tesla owners for this year's survey.   read more from jim cramer and other top money experts last week cramer received a question from a caller that wanted to know if high-flying growth stock salesforce.com or old school value tech stock microsoft would be better for her son.   read more from kanye west’s presentation sally singer, vogue's creative digital director.   read more giving homeless animals a second chance.   read more here on designer comings and goings and technology on and off the runways.   read more: hillary clinton emails: did she do anything wrong or not?   read more: how you can help refugees germany needs more people.   read more in health. . las vegas attack that killed mom wasn't road rage: husband the suspect in the fatal shooting of a las vegas mother of four appeared in court for the first time monday as his lawyers argued the shooting was not a case of road rage.   read more in news. . the key to stopping next isis attack?   read more in the meantime, though, many fans (including cast member major dodson) expressed their joy on social media.   read more: pennsylvania mom's brutal murder an enduring mystery kathleen kolodziej was reported missing to police in duanesburg, new york, on nov. , .   read more press releases from james sagar: comment on this story..   read more press releases from jeff gasket: comment on this story..   read more press releases from joe parrish: comment on this story..   read more press releases from katie yates: voice: () - ext. e-mail: email us here if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   read more press releases from keith hobbs: comment on this story..   read more press releases from kelsey mcbride: e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   read more press releases from sally murdoch: comment on this story..   read more sandusky was convicted in of sexually abusing boys, all from the s and s.   read more: the dangers of being a cartoonist in the arab world the cartoonist first drew pandaman after learning of "batman" star christian bale's attempt to visit a blind chinese activist.   read more "the department of defense claims that it is unable to provide an explanation for the high cost of the project or to answer any other questions concerning its planning, implementation, or outcome," sopko's report stated.   read more the integration is certainly strategic for both companies, as it could eventually bolster sales of software and services outside of their primary focus areas.   read: murray topples berdych li na answers your questions!   read our terms and conditions.   read rihanna's full interview at vanity fair.   read: suarez strike seals el clasico for barca " cristiano has improved, as the team has improved," real boss carlo ancelotti told gathered reporters.   read the discussion » don’t make personal growth a utilitarian goal william davies, author, "the happiness industry" happiness indicators are increasingly used as a basis to transform or discipline individuals.   read the full story.   read the terms and conditions.   read the whole story at the daily beast more: hobby lobby, iraq, iraq antiquities get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   read this can gmos end hunger in africa?   read this microsoft's office for ios, android: not until fall ?   read this must-have ios, android productivity apps there's a huge range of productivity apps in the market, but which ones are deemed the best?   read this well-written guardian story on club legend alexander meier while you wait for the bandwagon to arrive.   read: united airlines warns pilots after review issued jan. th, it says in the weeks prior the airline experienced what it categorized as "major safety events and near-misses."   read: 'wild thing' self-destructs at pga can day win another major?   read: zlatan ibrahimovic - 'guardiola is not a man' the tall striker was substituted late on to a standing ovation from all corners of the ground, with di maria and lucas moura adding the goals.   reagin, a member of the appling county middle school’s band, loves playing clarinet and bassoon and music of all types.   reality is in complete contrast to feldstein's list of rwandan horrors.   “really, he was just lucky,” walter said.   "really, the lifeblood of our business depends on the ports functioning in a normal manner," said joey stivala of macmillan-piper, a third generation seattle container transloader business located in sodo.   "really we just get ready for the next call," said tetrault.   real madrid’s karim benzema celebrates after scoring a goal during a spanish la liga soccer match be … real madrid's dip in form since the start of coincides with a spate of injuries to its midfield and defense.   realsense uses a trio of lenses (a conventional camera, an infrared camera, and an infrared laser) to measure depth, allowing users to control their laptop using hand gestures, or even scan objects for d printing.   realtor randy courtney of courtney valleywide properties in tempe said the phoenix area has a five-and-a-half month supply of homes.   reasonable milestones along the path to success keep your team motivated, and let you track your progress against millstones set before a state of panic becomes the new normal.   reasons for declines include sea temperature change causing shifts in forage fish, predators, disease, fishing and toxic algae.   reasons include various types of hypothetical danger.   reasons to visit bosnia and herzegovina photos food – from crunchy, flaky burek filled with tangy white cheese to succulent cuts of grilled meat, bosnia and herzegovina's cuisine is humble but satisfying.   rebel groups last week launched an offensive to capture government-held districts of aleppo, prompting some of the heaviest fighting since the syrian conflict arrived in the northern city in mid-.   rebels in the suburbs of damascus often lob mortar shells at the capital, although schools have rarely been targeted.   recall back in - when chinese stocks rose % with a peak p/e ratio of on the shanghai index then imploded by %.   "recent advances in unmanned air vehicles have presented a new and evolving threat to the bop's mission," the bureau stated.   recent entry "easy sorrel, coconut and rum rice pudding" deserves particular mention for being one of the prettiest desserts found anywhere on the foodie blogosphere, african cuisine or otherwise.   recent figures show that the demographic group with the largest increase in heroin use has been whites.   recently, tv presenter and historian dr lucy worsley argued that dating apps are killing the art of romance, with everything now too easy for today's singletons.   recent nomination history suggests no.   recent polls of the democratic race have found that biden's decision not to run is likely to benefit clinton.   recent reports from the centers for disease control and prevention confirmed that the outbreak began when unvaccinated, infected individuals from overseas traveled to disneyland.   recent research by york cab shows that people on zero-hours contracts are being forced to take out payday loans.   reciting his own dominant poll numbers, trump told the crowd "your governor's" only at percent.   recognizing past wrongs last month the truth and reconciliation commission used the term cultural genocide to describe what had happened to the approximately , aboriginal children in residential schools and their families.   recommendations made according to the council, , jobs were created in edmonton between and .   recommended: how much do you know about jeb bush?   recommended: how much do you know about saudi arabia?   recommended: rand paul gets the better of chris christie in a fight over the fourth amendment the night’s surprise standout was ohio governor john kasich, who had the advantage of a hometown crowd that ardently cheered his every answer.   reconstruction "will take years" half a century of war has embittered many colombians who mistrust the peace talks or want harsher retribution for their enemies, but the center-right santos staked his presidency on the peace talks.   record cold in february caused by arctic air carried by jet stream the weather agency says the temperature may hit – c overnight.   recorded jailhouse calls from durst's imprisonment during that case suggest that charatan was his rock.   records show that the two-month rescue of the highway trust fund is congress' nd short-term patch of that program since .   records show those electronic debits totaled more than $, in alone.   recreational pot is already legal in colorado, washington, oregon and alaska, as well as washington, d.c. medical marijuana is legal in more than states, according to the marijuana policy project.   recruitment now open for laboratory technician positions with wpsi in partnership with the university of pennsylvania, the west philadelphia skills initiative is recruiting west philadelphians for training and job opportunities as laboratory technicians.   reddit moderators revolt after popular employee dismissed day ago san francisco, july (upi) -- hundreds of message boards on reddit went dark friday in an apparent protest of the abrupt dismissal of a high-ranking company employee.   redford first named bhullar to cabinet in , when he was appointed as service alberta minister.   red hat, however, clearly has a strong lead.   red hot chilli prices hit indonesia reuters more from the wall street journal.   reds forward mario balotelli compared gerrard to italian world cup-winning midfielder andrea pirlo.   redsky said it will also save lives.   red sox relievers retired the last nine blue jays.   red sox slugger ortiz joins homer club st. petersburg (united states) (afp) - boston red sox slugger david ortiz joined the exclusive home run club on saturday with two long balls in a - victory over the tampa bay rays.   red-state politicians — oddly the biggest foes of a law that in effect transfers tax dollars from high-income liberal states to poor conservatives ones — would have a mess on their hands.   " reedie, who is also an international olympic committee vice president, said he would not discuss the pros or cons of the proposal ahead of the meeting.   reed-veal says that without seeing the texas rangers investigation into her daughter's death, she cannot accept the finding that it was suicide.   "referendum or fresh elections, that's the solution," konjufca told journalists after the tear gas launch.   referring to the family's handling of the situation, jim bob said, "looking back, we did the best we could under the circumstances."   refugee entrepreneurs are creating employment opportunities for themselves and in some cases for their host country nationals as well.   refugee influx into europe .. as europe struggles to cope with hundreds of thousands of people coming from crisis regions, brussels has called an emergency summit.   refugees of syria arrive on the shores of the greek island of lesbos aboard an inflatable dinghy across the aegean sea from turkey on sept. , .   regardless, if you were questioning how serious sony's push into vr was, this might sate your curiosity a bit.   regardless, models must hold a pose for a relatively long time for a picture to be taken in this space with low light.   regardless of ethnic background, when people did move to the suburbs they stuck to their own kind recreating the security-in-numbers feeling of the old neighbourhood.   regardless of what position anyone takes on the issue, the fact is that rachel dolezal has committed some serious and unethical transgressions regardless of her motives.   regardless, some of these are really great.   regardless, we'll never stop selling those glazed goodies for school fundraisers or sneaking a warm dozen in our carry-ons for the flight home from vegas.   regenosteo™ (β-tcp), its orthopedic surgery product is indicated to fill bony voids or gaps in the extremities, posteriolateral spine and pelvis that are caused by trauma or surgery and are not intrinsic to the stability of the bony structure.   reginald dale served as a foreign correspondent for the financial times and the international herald tribune with posts in brussels, london, paris and washington.   regional storm clouds darken.   register or log in via facebook, twitter, linkedin, google+ or your kentonline account to post comments.   registration could be done through an faa website where an operator can provide name, address, phone number and other contact information and receive a registration number.   regulators' concerns about shrinking to three the number of nationwide carriers prompted sprint to drop its bid for t-mobile.   reid is up for reelection in and said that “at this stage, i’m fully intending to run.”   reid may be stepping down from his senate seat, but he is not going away.   reilly's father pat, an assistant coach at a high school in montana who's retiring this year after more than years coaching, coached his son from ages to . reilly said his father wanted him to be more of a pocket passer, but not out of nervousness.   reinhart says she got her simple wedding and jockel got "several thousand guests."   related: faces of greece's euro dilemma greece would have to accept even tougher spending cuts and tax rises than those on the table a few days ago because of the economic damage inflicted by this week's financial meltdown.   related: reasons the euro is plunging but investors are still buying bonds because the u.s. economy continues to be viewed as relatively stable, a so-called safe haven for cash.   related: reasons why the ecb stimulus matters the view from the fed: much has changed since the last fed meeting.   related: a brief history of folsom street fair contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   related: a computer made my lunch it's even possible that the -year-old stethoscope could be completely replaced by a hand-held ultrasound device.   related: after the amtrak crash: finding the money to fix our infrastructure house democrats and republicans are at odds over the $ billion defense authorization bill for the coming fiscal year that awaits action on the house floor.   related: agonized parents plea: beware synthetic drug dangers the news the nih labels "encouraging" is the marked decrease in the number of teens who drink, smoke or use illegal drugs.   related: america's most stressed out cities overall, top sources of money-related stress include: paying for unexpected expenses, paying for essentials like housing and groceries and saving for retirement.   related: apple has $ billion in cash . economics: the u.s. department of labor is reporting weekly unemployment claims data at : a.m. et.   related: biggest ipo of the year is a dud related: are there dead unicorns on the horizon?   related: china needs to open up about its economy the fed's committee holds a key meeting days after the jobs report comes out.   related: court ruling puts redskins' trademark at risk at first, the aggressive move paid off.   related: does anybody drink diet coke?   related: expect more rain, more power outages, and more wrecks all day monday contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   related: fantasy sports fans wonder if games are rigged draftkings and fanduel have each raised about $ million from investors and now have valuations in the billions.   related: fear & greed index . earnings: walgreen (wba) and pepsi (pep) are reporting their quarterly earnings ahead of the open.   related: follow other statewide vote results in an unusual move, ohio's issue identified specific plots of land where commercial pot farming would have been allowed.   related: hillary clinton tweet crushes biotech stocks days of dramatic price hikes may be over the real trigger for the biotech bust was the threat that washington would act to curb dramatic price hikes that help pad drug makers' profits.   related: how businesses can still discriminate against lgbt people campaign for houston spokesman jared woodfill confirmed friday that mcnair sent the check to the group, which says the ordinance is "an attack on the traditional family."   related: how i made money when the dow lost , points global markets cheer china's emergency move investors around the world cheered china's emergency actions in hopes they will at least stabilize conditions in asia.   related: how pope francis won over hill republicans by ousting a good man like speaker boehner -- someone who understood the art of compromise -- the party of eisenhower and reagan is no more.   related: ikea is making loads of money in russia.   related: inside the head of apple's top designer what's compelling about it?   related internet links the bbc is not responsible for the content of external internet sites how has the typical basket of goods changed since ?   related: ironic: the nyse got hack-ed shares of barracuda, which went public in late , have tumbled % this year amid a slowdown in gross billings.   related: is instagram changing the world?   related: meet the lawyers who will argue the gay marriage case "rather refreshing actually," conservative justice antonin scalia quipped as the man was dragged out to laughter in the courtroom.   related: meet the woman fighting to save her people from isis some isis fighters send pictures of the women and girls to their families, either to taunt them or demand a ransom.   related: mega ratings for first college football playoff make cable history those figures are based on a cnnmoney analysis of - figures submitted to the u.s. department of education by each school.   related: most stressed cities blomquist expects that many former zombies will sell quickly as they meet pent up demand in certain markets.   related: obama economy: . million jobs created blacks take home about cents for every $ whites earn blacks don't just struggle to get jobs, they fight to get paid the same as their white peers.   related: oil prices plunged % in july what's next?   related: olive garden's neverending comeback cnn's poppy harlow will be interviewing warren buffett on tuesday.   related on huffpost: pope francis in the u.s. more: sofia cruz, the pope, pope francis, pope in us, immigration reform, undocumented immigrants get top stories and blog posts sent to me each day.   related on huffpost: shootings in america swat team members secure the scene near sparks middle school in sparks, nev., after a shooting there on monday, oct. , .   related: paul ryan predicts house trade bill vote outcome transportation "the u.s. highway system is crucial to our nation's economic well-being.   related: perry, cruz get warm receptions in south carolina perry often cites his border actions against the administration on the stump.   related: sexting is the 'new normal' for most teens, study finds the district said it received anonymous tips about the alleged sexting on monday and that it has turned the investigation over to the cañon city police department.   related: should you buy isis?   related: south carolina gov. nikki haley on flag removal: 'this is a hopeful day' the state house of representatives voted early thursday to take the flag down, and haley later in the day signed that measure into law.   related stories air canada ac touched down metres short of runway, tsb says the runway shutdown caused by the crash landing of air canada flight continues to affect traffic at halifax stanfield international airport.   related stories canada's darcy sharpe wins snowboard big air silver medal slovenian freestyler filip flisar won the world ski cross title while andrea limbacher of austria won the women's gold medal on the final day of the worlds on sunday.   related stories canadian dollar tumbles to close below cents us cauliflower lovers will have to spend extra to get the cruciferous vegetable on the table this christmas as the drought in california is causing a spike in the price.   related stories cbc p.e.i. turkey drive brings in , turkeys it was a successful year for the annual cbc turkey drive in newfoundland and labrador.   related stories dylann roof charged with counts of murder in charleston church shootings charleston church shooting: hate crime, gun crime?   related stories eric dejaeger, ex-priest, sentenced to years for child sex abuse in igloolik, some of the victims of former priest eric dejaeger were relieved to hear his sentence, while others say it does not go far enough.   related stories how much do you know about the islamic state?   related stories jordan joseph wendland wanted in sexsmith, alta., stabbings rcmp believe a man charged with second-degree murder in connection with a fatal stabbing in a northern alberta bar has fled to b.c.'s lower mainland.   related stories lawsuit alleges apple knowingly concealed an iphone wi-fi defect paid iphone and ipad apps on sale for free right now - save $!   related stories luke apooch, tim hortons snake-thrower, fails to appear in saskatoon court christopher cook failed to appear in court thursday to face charges related to throwing a garter snake at tim hortons employees in december .   related stories montreal weather forecast today: sunny this morning then a mix of sun and cloud with c per cent chance of showers late this afternoon.   related stories public boardwalk extension irritates summerside residents a p.e.i. developer has won his fight with summerside city council, earning an exemption to a boardwalk planned to run past four properties he is having trouble selling.   related stories roundabout coming to gnarly charlottetown intersection two new roundabouts will be built in rural p.e.i. during the upcoming construction season, transportation minister rob vessey announced thursday.   related story: redistricting, obamacare, taxes hang in balance with state elections this story is part of who’s calling the shots in state politics?   related: tesla autopilot system is not perfect tesla spokespeople did not respond to questions about the company's plans, such as how many software engineers it is looking to hire.   related: under armour is on fire and ready to play ball with nike harden played his first three seasons for the thunder before being traded to the rockets in .   related: us economy misses the mark at end of ' strong dollar, weak guidance: just look at what united technologies (utx) said late last month when it warned of below-consensus results.   related: what's the difference between apple pay and samsung pay?   related: where zombie foreclosures are making a comeback loans backed by the two mortgage giants still require private mortgage insurance for down payments below %.   relatives of flight u flight are expected to receive a pay out prior to the change.   relaxed the aclu is not funded by big oil and greedy eastside developers.   released on the show's facebook page, the images also give the first glimpse of jonathan pryce as dorne ruler doran martell as well as series regulars lena headey as cersei lannister and kit harington as jon snow.   released six months ahead of a key climate change meeting in paris, francis's text calls on international actors to take responsibility for "new modes of production, distribution and consumption", according to a leaked draft.   "relief workers and people in the region are in need of safe, clean drinking water as they work to recover from the storms, and this is one way anheuser-busch can help our friends and neighbors," said rob haas, senior general manager at cartersville.   religious conservatives in particular, she said, “really appreciate the moral and spiritual dimensions of mass incarceration.”   remember: everybody does well in a bull market.   remembering lincoln's assassination photos when we think of abraham lincoln, we most likely picture him wearing one of his trademark stovepipe top hats.   remember, no one has ever voted isis into power anywhere.   remember purchase decisions are very subjective, so a low price to you may not mean a low price to your non-customer.   remember the alarm about the clearing of gamble heights.   remember this past august when the sec and acc said they wouldn’t consider byu a power- school when it came to nonconference scheduling?   remember to take in it all in slowly, and breathe.   remember you are the boss.   reminder that mls reseeds after the play-in round, and dates and times for the midweek games to follow as they’re announced.   reminding the public that she is not "the first chancellor that has had to face a struggle," she said the job of the government was now to protect the country's borders and fight the causes of the crisis - causes, she said, which remain "outside germany."   reminds me why i never wanted children.   remini: rigidly strict scientology's mission is to save the planet, remini, whose mother introduced her to the religion as a child, told "/."   remote work is a great option for anyone who has a family or simply wishes to get the most out of life.   rene michael gerard, , of fredericton, was arrested without incident tuesday by members of the major crime unit, emergency response team and police dog team.   renita nettles, a -year-old woman who was shot by a d.c. police officer on clay terrace ne, saturday evening, faces charges of assault on a police officer, assault with a dangerous weapon, and arson.   renner may not look like blockbuster material, but he won the lead in the bourne legacy (albeit as a character not named bourne) when matt damon bailed out, and he's been rumored as potential new lead for a mission: impossible movie.   renovations to the system are expected to begin dec. . head-on crash involving school bus in kanawha county, hurt comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   renowned for a ball-in-hand approach, the hurricanes team led by all blacks center conrad smith showed they can also defend, repulsing wave after wave of attack in the first half.   rent and home sale prices in san francisco have shot up in recent years, along with evictions, and critics say the fault lies, at least in part, with wealthy buyers who purchase housing for the express purpose of leasing it out for a quick profit.   rent and other living expenses are part of the regional price parity calculation, and rents tend to be higher in more-densely populated metropolitan areas.   rentboy.com ceo jeffrey hurant and the employees, all new york residents, were charged in a criminal complaint filed in federal court in brooklyn.   renteria, , and three other rescuers found murillo sleeping beside her baby near a ravine where they had sought shelter in the thick alto baudo jungle.   renters we spoke with in kennewick are happy with the stability in the price they pay month to month.   rent for the one- to three-bedroom units is expected to be between $, and $, a month.   renton — the question when steve largent showed up for his first practice with the seahawks wasn’t whether he’d leave a lasting legacy, but simply whether he’d last at all.   rents were still up . per cent from a year earlier, with an average of $, per month for a two-bedroom unit.   ren, who turned in october, has created a system of three co-chief executives who take turns to lead the company.   rep. adam schiff called this cyberattack "among the most shocking because americans may expect that federal computer networks are maintained with state of the art defenses."   replacements for the trio are expected to be named in the coming months, perhaps at the religion's twice-a-year conference on oct. -.   replacing a mitral valve is particularly tricky, partly due to the valve’s asymmetrical structure, which varies by patient and is more difficult to address than the circular aortic valve, according to doctors.   report gives seattle drivers worst marks yet; bellevue isn't far behind seahawks trade kevin norwood, make other moves to get roster to still, others may find inspiration in her treating parenthood as most male executives do.   reports are that petrice was last seen on a taxi bike about p.m. when last seen, she was dressed in a black dress and a pair of black slippers.   reports have suggested that riyadh and ankara agreed a special pact to militarily and financially support islamist rebels in syria in an all-out effort to oust assad from power.   reports of the passengers suggest that they were not members of the jet-setting upper crust but the type of ordinary russians who saved for months to pay for a $ all-inclusive beach vacation.   reports on wednesday, including one here, indicated that the high-profile sportswriter was leaving the daily news amid broader cuts at the struggling tabloid.   reportsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   reports said local villagers, protesting against the arrests, had clashed with the police, and damaged a number of vehicles.   reports say the government will organise yoga gatherings in districts across the country.   reports suggest the company approached the federal government for at least $ million in assistance; the globe and mail and toronto star reported that the quebec government asked the incoming federal government to match its investment in bombardier.   report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   rep. paul ryan, r- wis., attempts to give a pen to a member of the media as he heads back to his off … ryan himself told lawmakers in the meeting that in the wake of boehner and mccarthy, "i won't be the third log on the bonfire."   representation reflects society and the culture as it truly is.   representative dooley also informed selectmen that he and senator timilty have been working to monitor and oppose proposed commuter rail going to foxboro through either walpole or medfield.   representatives for utc, lockheed, textron, boeing and airbus declined comment.   representatives from about countries are taking part in the conference but the participation of bortnikov is unusual given u.s. allegations that russia is supplying arms and fighters to rebels in ukraine.   representatives from jet.com couldn’t immediately be reached for comment.   representatives of syria's western-backed opposition sounded incredulous, saying russia should first stop bombing moderate rebels and that talk of elections was premature.   representative trey gowdy of south carolina, a republican who is leading the congressional committee investigating the attacks in benghazi, libya, plans to subpoena mr. blumenthal, , for a private transcribed interview."   rep. ron desantis, r-fla., said in many cases information on which to base a decision to admit an asylum-seeker emerging from a chaotic war zone would be limited.   reps from delegations met in vienna today toward syrian political solution.   rep. steve israel, chairman of the democratic congressional campaign committee, an organization that works to elect democrats to congress, is fighting back by highlighting the "cost of repeal."   republican candidate rand paul's attempt to get a bill passed that would have ended funding was unsuccessful.   republican candidates: ted cruz - senator from texas primary campaign committee - cruz for president march , - cruz announces his run for the republican presidential nomination on twitter.   republican presidential candidate sen. lindsey graham, r-s.   republicans certainly hope the gender play backfires and that voters are fatigued by the kind of identity politics that have defined the obama years.   republicans elevated hastert from obscurity when they gave him the job in , after rep. newt gingrich resigned under pressure and his would-be replacement, rep. bob livingston of louisiana, resigned his own seat after admitting an affair.   republicans have come down hard on the nuclear deal with iran.   republicans love to convert press coverage that they consider unfavorable into cash.   republicans quickly zoned in on the "we now are finally where we need to be" portion of that phrase to pin her as underestimating the threat of the islamic state group.   republicans sounded pessimistic that they could add many more votes for a program most on their side deride as wasteful and unnecessary.   republican state rep. jay rodne wrote on his facebook page that the governor's comments were "utterly irresponsible."   republicans took notice.   republic is located at laurel avenue, takoma park, md.   requests by thr to taya's current attorney, ed huddleston, to see that document or speak with taya were denied, with huddleston saying she was too overwhelmed by current events.   rescue moggy enchanted with her kittens hundreds of unwanted kittens and their mums end up at rescue centres like battersea either as strays or when owners have not had their pet neutered and they then need round-the-clock care before they can be rehomed.   rescuers found zeming in a hole just under the roof.   rescuers from bangladesh navy and fire service pulled more bodies from the sunken ferry on monday, raising the death toll to . police inspector alamgir hossain confirmed the death toll included women and children.   researcher dr. traci mann, who runs the health and eating laboratory at the university of minnesota, has been studying diets and eating habits for over two decades.   researchers also added metal-rich locations to the map data.   researchers analyzed data from over , people aged to who were asked about their eating habits on two separate days.   researchers analyzed data on over , pregnant women in the oakland, calif. metropolitan area who participated in the public health institute's child health and development studies (chds) from to .   researchers at the country’s institut pasteur, supported by who, have developed a cheap and reliable diagnostic test that delivers results in minutes.   researchers at the institute of strategic dialogue (isd) in london, curious at the "unprecedented surge in female recruits" to isis, are tracking more than of the women through online platforms including twitter, facebook, tumblr and blogs.   researchers can access the testbeds through the sunrise gate, a web tool developed by la sapienza's spin-off nexse.   researchers discovered people who feel lonely or rejected were most likely to take the biggest financial risks.   researchers focused on sixth graders in rural communities in pennsylvania and iowa who attended schools that offered seven weeks of counseling to both students and parents to see if kids who didn’t participate in this program might still benefit from it.   researchers for clear labs, a company that sets standards for food quality, looked at samples of hot dogs and sausages from brands and retailers, assigning each brand a score up to for the highest quality products.   researchers from the minneapolis veterans affairs medical center recruited veterans with ptsd and randomly split them into two groups.   researchers from the united states and switzerland examined surveys conducted in and that asked respondents about a range of issues, including their opinions of jews.   researchers gathered records of school shootings and mass killings from several data sets and fit them into a mathematical "contagion model."   researchers have published a study showing that a whopping . million american health records were compromised between and .   researchers in february spoke to dozens of people with physical disabilities who spoke of the abuses inflicted on them including rape and beatings, the rights group said in statement.   researchers looked at children ages to who underwent brain scans called functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) while listening to a pre-recorded story.   researchers, some of them school children, scrambled to get replacement experiments and equipment on this dragon flight.   research for ottawa shows the size of the gap.   research shows that a higher whole grain intake is tied to a lower risk of heart disease, stroke, cancer, diabetes, and obesity.   resembling north west with his curly dark hair, and with eyes that aren't so prominent, the second mock-up gets our vote.   resettlement abroad is a dream, but for domatha’s -year-old son, niyonzima frate, the prospect of leaving everything he knows is daunting.   residents and visitors are urged to drink plenty of water, stay in cool locations and avoid strenuous activities, especially during the midday and afternoon hours.   residents had it under control by the time the fire department arrived but chief ross potter said it highlights the fact that conditions are tinder dry.   residents looking to spend labor day outside should be in luck as the forecast calls for mostly sunny skies.   residents of aden's mansoura district described houses being shaken by overnight explosions.   residents said they heard a loud blast followed by gunfire.   residents said they were required to build walls outside their homes so women would never be seen.   residents should monitor their local forecast pages to determine the best time to schedule outdoor plans.   residents start petition many people living in the area showed up at the meeting to voice their concerns about the project.   residents 'threatened' by boko haram caliphate .. boko haram has declared an islamic caliphate in the northern nigerian town of gwoza.   residents will likely experience some relief in the coming weeks as cooler weather reduces the amount of sea lettuce washing ashore, and reduces the rate at which it decomposes.   restaurateur frederic hoffman says: "this is what we do to make things go back to normal.   results from the investigation can be used to evaluate cleaning strategies, and to mitigate microbe-related risks to crew health and spacecraft system performance.   results of the initial investigation has identified the flushing out of residues within the earth berm/dike of the landfill cell and washing out dried residues in the water way.   retailers and analysts have reported that online shopping sales have surged this year.   retailers like amazon (amzn, tech) and macy's (m)ship directly to china from the store.   retail sales were the lone positive surprise, growing . percent in august from a year earlier, above forecasts of . percent, the same as july.   retired bear expert barrie gilbert says the uproar over the bear cubs who were almost shot in b.c. has more to do with "heart strings" than conservation.   retired gen. guillermo garin, who was the army’s second-in-command under pinochet, says the number of victims has been exaggerated.   retired nba stand-outs steve nash and dikembe mutombo and former wnba star ticha penicheiro will lead the camp, set for april - in havana.   retorting that sarkozy was the "nutter" whose pro-austerity line as president had contributed to the crisis, socialist party chairman jean-christophe cambadelis called for urgent talks.   returning to the theme on monday, he said: "some of these diseases became evident in the course of the past year, causing no small pain to the entire body and harming many souls, even with scandals."   return to soviet-era repression it was, however, little more than a hostile takeover in classic kremlin style.   reuters day ago avik das and amrutha gayathri wells fargo & co, the fourth-largest u.s. bank by assets, said it will cut , jobs and close its home lending servicing office in milwaukee.   reuters/jonathan … by supriya kurane (reuters) - american apparel inc, known as much for its sexually charged advertising and controversial founder as for its fashion offerings, filed for chapter bankruptcy protection on monday.   reuters/mike segar new york (reuters) - significantly more americans are using electronic-cigarettes and other vaporizing devices than a year ago, but most of those consumers are also smoking conventional cigarettes, according to a new reuters/ipsos poll.   reuters/mikko … the yle forecast has proved accurate in previous elections.   reuters reported last year that the nld might back shwe mann as a presidential candidate after the election.   reuters reports that target is in the early stagings of planning its own payments system as well.   reuters/thomas … by sophie mbugua yamicha, kenya (thomson reuters foundation) - gusts of wind blow the dust coming from thousands of animals as they make their way to urura borehole in kenya’s arid northern merti ward.   reuters us general philip breedlove, nato supreme allied commander europe, is calling for a new "red telephone" with moscow.   reuters/yuya … london (reuters) - a recovery in oil prices spread to stock markets and emerging market currencies on wednesday, with the prospect of more support from the world's central banks offsetting more disappointing economic data.   reventlow was the only son of barbara hutton, a well-known socialite who counted hollywood star cary grant among her seven husbands and whose troubled private life earned her the moniker "poor little rich girl."   revenue fell nearly percent to $ billion.   revenue from paid subscriptions to services like spotify and rhapsody grew percent to $ million, while revenue from free services like pandora grew percent to $ million.   revenue in fell to $ billion, from $ billion in .   revenue last month grew . percent to nt$. billion (us$. billion) from the previous month’s nt$. billion, but dropped . percent from nt$. billion a year earlier, inventec said in a filing with the taiwan stock exchange.   review examines risks, responses to in-flight medical emergencies by gene emery hours ago (reuters health) - an airplane in flight is one of the worst places to have a medical emergency, even if there's a doctor on board.   review: katniss is back for one last battle the heroine of “the hunger games” has grown into her role as a savior, an evolution that parallels that of jennifer lawrence.   reward in downtown la fire a $, reward for information in an arson case that caused tens of millions of dollars in damage at a downtown la apartment construction site will be considered.   reynolds advocates for following the highway right-of-way.   rey seems to attract the lion's share of speculation, maybe because she's taken a central role in the trailers.   rhoda maliki says seeing her son mike jr. after he was found on friday afternoon was 'overwhelming.'   rhode island and massachusetts are requiring top donors to be listed on independent advertisements.   rhodes did not immediately return a request from yahoo news seeking comment.   rhodesia (now zimbabwe) was named after rhodes, but he is perhaps best remembered for beginning racial segregation in southern africa and for his belief in the superiority of the anglo-saxon race.   rhodes was inducted into the wwe hall of fame in .   "rhonda needed the seats, there was just no question about it, had two extras, it just made sense," said landau.   rice became the poster boy for the nfl's domestic abuse problems when he delivered a one-punch knockout to his fiancee during a fight in an atlantic city casino elevator in february .   rice is only part of the problem.   rice was a -year-old black boy fatally shot by police in cleveland last year.   richard ammons, a senior consultant at the fundraising firm marts & lundy, said some people consider gift amounts a personal matter that shouldn’t be shared with anyone other than university officials.   richard j. gordon, chairman of the country's red cross, told nbc news that water was rising particularly in the province of pangasinan, aided by heavy rains and dam water being released.   richards called out, “louder!” and gestured toward the control booth, pointing up with his middle finger.   richardson is not alone in her concerns about the breakdown of intimacy in relationships.   richardson said, and its fleet has increased its range.   richards-ross ran a world-leading . in winning the m at the jamaica international invitational last saturday, beating all three of her rivals to the line, with mccorory taking second in . and mcpherson third in ..   richard walker reports on three big stories from the imf and world bank spring summit in washington.   ricky williams' lawyers issued a statement shortly after cmdr. glenn evans was acquitted on battery and misconduct charges monday.   riddled by bullets sprayed at the crowd, gregoire was grievously wounded.   rider fans ponder future as dreadful season winds down it's the second season in a row that durant was injured and unable to complete the regular season.   riders will race down the coaster's twisted ,-foot-long track at speeds of mph, at one point passing through a "-degree overbanked horseshoe turn."   ride-sharing app uber is reportedly being valued at $ billion.   riding down the middle of the right lane of high-speed new york avenue, while conceivable, is likely not the best manner in which to approach your commute.   riding on two medium compound tires, lorenzo said he “was a bit worried at the end of the race” as the bike slid in traction, forcing him to “be careful with the throttle.”   rigas says, "i set out to design, develop and build better knives for the pros, but make them easier and safer for everyone else to use.   right below that answer is another answer, from an anonymous spacex engineer, who describes working for musk like this: "you can always tell when someone's left an elon meeting: they're defeated.   right communications canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context.   right-hander kris medlen replaced cueto and allowed two runs on three hits, two of them solo homers, in five innings.   right now, amazon is working on solidifying and advancing its aws market position - not just for small businesses, but for enterprise organizations as well, according to harel ifhar, country manager for amazon israel.   “right now, i’m just very excited about singing at the playhouse, but in a few days i’ll be extremely nervous.”   right now it's only offered at maya angelou elementary.   right now, starrett of stand up kids is trying to raise $ million to help fund any teacher request for standing desks on donors choose, the website that connects teacher requests in high-need communities with donors who want to help.   right now, that's a tough sell.   "right now, the biggest discrimination going on is against christian business owners and individuals who believe in traditional forms of marriage," jindal said.   right now, the consensus is for solid earnings growth of % per year growth long-term, while expectations have increased in recent months for the current full year and for .   right now, there are only three parts covered under the system — the battery, the starter motor, and the fuel pump — but more parts are expected to be added into the program in future vehicles.   “right now, there's no legislation in place, there's no sort of registry in place to allow us to be able to track who owns a (private) drone, who is operating it.   right now, watch apps are just little extensions of the apps that are already installed on your phone, so there’s a very good chance you have a bunch of them already!   right now, we're sticking together and staying positive.   right off the bat.   right to life president carol tobias says polling shows that abortion opponents also oppose government shutdowns.   "'rigs that count' have been resilient until now, but now these rigs are also being idled," said per magnus nysveen, head of analysis at rystad.   rihanna didn’t make today’s show, but several of her inheritor bad girls did, including the popettes kesha and zendaya.   riml added "it's a shock for everybody.   ring in the new year at flying fish happy holidays from flying fish restaurant: holiday hours the rd annual flying fish cheese night!   rio de janeiro estimates that in health alone it owes . billion reais ($ million) to employees and suppliers and needs about million reais immediately to reopen closed hospital units and clinics.   rioting, looting and arson erupted on april hours after gray's funeral, causing millions of dollars in damage.   riots break out at the intersection of florence and normandie in south central los angeles.   rip up the federal clarity act?   rise and fall of aaron hernandez photos hernandez is led into a boston courtroom to be arraigned in may .   risen published details of the merlin operation in his book "state of war."   rishawi, who appeared with a white head scarf, said that at the last minute she had not managed to activate her belt to blow herself up.   rising aging population and an increase in the number of people with chronic and infectious diseases will bolster the demand for diagnostic products and services, which in turn will foster growth in this market during the estimated period.   rising prices and low inventory of homes on the market has been restraining sales in recent months.   ritchie was in first place five or six hours into the -hour race at sandy beach when his motorcycle went down on its own saturday evening, he said.   riverside broke a scoreless tie in the fourth inning when devon austin drew a bases loaded walk to give the rebels a - lead.   rl: it is computing with the laws of quantum physics.   rna viruses generally have higher mutation rates than dna viruses, said angela rasmussen, a research assistant professor of microbiology at the university of washington, who was not involved in the new study.   rnc chairman reince priebus cited "bad faith" in announcing the party will suspend its partnership with nbc news for the feb. debate to be held in houston.   “road building is not the solution for canterbury.   road paving projects and park enhancements might not get the same level of publicity as immigration reform and health insurance, but when those projects are being done in your neck of the woods, it affects you more directly.   roads were especially slippery as a result of the icy conditions, and a number of accidents were reported.   rob creasser is also calling for the resignation of rcmp commissioner bob paulson.   roberta hancock says the couple complained to the nova scotia securities commission, the industry regulator.   robert anderson and his sons, gavin and garrett, had just dropped off a sister at camp on the pepperdine university campus a mile or two up the highway.   robert duvall and charlton heston were among those considered for chief brody, while lee marvin and sterling hayden were initially sought for captain quint, and jeff bridges was discussed for matt hooper, the marine biologist.   robert holmes deflected the prosecutor's suggestion, saying he knew nothing about how the photograph was taken.   roberto goizueta became the first hispanic ceo in when he was named chief executive at coca-cola (ko), according to a hacr report.   robertson said as usual, he dropped seth off at the school at p.m. usually he watches seth play in the playground until the bell rings.   robertson serves as the substance abuse prevention provider (sapp) for jersey community unit school district and is also the coalition leader for jersey county against drugs.   robertson's three point play later in the quarter upped the lady rebel margin to , before riverside closed the period with a - lead.   robert stheeman, chief executive of the uk debt management office, said banks were becoming less willing to trade gilts due to a mix of tougher regulation and changing business models, similar to other bond markets.   rob holzer of matter unlimited, the creative agency behind the movie, said that when people experience the projects rather than just hear about them, they're more likely to volunteer and donate.   • rob ryan has been fired as the saints defensive coordinator and senior defensive assistant dennis allen will assume his duties.   'robust' trade with saudi arabia dion said his meeting with the saudi minister helped strengthen the relationship between the two countries, which share several interests, including trade.   rocchi also said parents should strive for something called "autonomy support," which essentially allows children the space to decide what they want to do, when they want to do it and how they want to do it.   rockers vs. conservatives: long out of tune – tom petty objected to michele bachmann's campaign playing his hit "american girl" after it was played during the kickoff event for the minnesota representative's presidential bid.   rock musician pawel kukiz looks likely to gather protest votes, but has trailed the leading pair in opinion polls.   rockne newell was sentenced to three consecutive life prison terms, plus to years.   "rocky's like luke skywalker, and i'm yoda," yams said in an interview with the new york times in , explaining their respective roles.   rodenbeck is a blind iphone user.   rodger radcliff sr., , of st. louis died saturday, june , , at christian north east hospital with his family by his side.   rodgers has maintained that he believes he did the right thing.   rodgers' name has already come up during duffy's trial as one of the recipients of money that allegedly went through a company run by gerald donohue, a friend of duffy's.   rodgers, who won tournaments at stanford to tie tiger woods' school record, played his first tour event here as an amateur in , then made his professional debut at the travelers a year ago.   “rodricus crawford has been found guilty.”   rodriguez is for in his career vs. simon, striking out twice and walking once.   rodriguez passes mays as new york yankees drop baltimore orioles by the sports network may , at : pm rodriguez moved into sole possession of fourth place on baseball's all- time home run list with a solo shot to center in the third inning.   rod taylor, who's seeking a liberal nomination for next year's election, says many people have lately approached the party.   roesing was parked in the parking lot near the front of the building.   roethlisberger isn't exactly worried about the environment, even though pittsburgh is just - in games played in the mountain and pacific time zones over the last decade.   roger schurmeyer holds up the umpteenth job rejection letter he has received on his smartphone.   roger w. simpson, who served with honor in world wars i and ii.   roland's lawyers weren't immediately available for comment.   roller tappets help produce greater valve acceleration than flat tappets.   romain caillet, an expert on jihadists, said that is killed the egyptians to show that "its libyan branch has now expanded and is the strongest outside of iraqi and syrian territory".   romanian-born ibolya ryan, a mother of -year-old twins, was stabbed to death in a toilet at an abu dhabi shopping mall.   romanian climber alex gavan said on twitter that three helicopters had managed to reach those camps, which each helicopter only able to carry two climbers apiece due to thin air.   roma were jeered off the pitch by its own fans after a lackluster performance against a team struggling at the wrong end of the serie a table, points behind the capital club.   romelu lukaku followed a similar path.   rometty outlined the company's transition to the cloud and analytics and told customers "that we share this journey of moving from one era to the next."   ro, my new runner, whisked the hot food from storefront to apartment with tremendous gusto, and since payment is entirely electronic i hardly had a chance to exchange pleasantries before the food was in my hands and ro was off on another pressing task.   ronaldo retained football's highest individual honor after scoring goals last year.   ron and sue nelson own inn on the lake.   ron bull/toronto star constand alleged that she visited the comedian at his cheltenham home in january .   ronda rousey: i could beat floyd mayweather in 'no-rules' fight "in a no-rules fight, i believe i can beat anyone on this planet."   ron dicker general assignment reporter, the huffington post fugitive fathers (trailer) from globalpost on vimeo.   rondon stole in front of terry as he chased brunt's through-ball and fell under the challenge of the former england defender a few yards outside the penalty area.   roni selig i began my full training just recently with ironman professional and cnn fit nation coach april gellatly.   ron, jim, bob, frank and geno travel just a few hours down the thruway to the syracuse polish festival on june along with many other fine bands.   ronnie hillman ran for two touchdowns and c.j. anderson had another for the broncos, whose offense finally broke out of its funk after the defense became the story of their undefeated start through the first six games.   roof appeared via video link and seemed to show no emotion as family members spoke, showing anger, sadness and even forgiveness.   roofed accommodations also appeal to seniors who want a more comfortable stay, to people who don't have camping equipment, and to those who want to camp in colder weather.   rookie alison lee and brittany lincicome were one up after holes against england’s charley hull and norway’s suzann pettersen, who missed a birdie to match lee on the last hole played before darkness intervened.   rookie devin smith, the team's second-round draft pick out of ohio state, is making his nfl debut as decker's replacement.   rooms start at about $ in july.   roque planas national reporter, the huffington post new york -- when local drug gangs tried to force christian contreras into their ranks, he fled his home country of honduras.   rosalia wu (吳思瑤), the dpp’s legislative candidate for taipei’s first district, has collaborated with a professional illustrator to design promotional folders.   rosa ordaz contributed to this report.   rosberg and hamilton went through the first two bends side by side.   rose immediately ran to the dugout.   rosenzweig then speculates, "what if, in fact, certain implementations of public key encryption techniques are not as robust as we think they are?"   rosetta: the comet chaser photos rosetta has massive solar wings to power the spacecraft.   rossellini read, “like all the motion pictures done in hollywood at the time, everything was shot in the studio: the battle scenes, the towers of chinon, and the french villages were painted backdrops.”   ross hopes the bizarre incident is over, but cautions the public to be on the lookout.   rossi says, later adding: "you're just like your mother.   ross was shot inside a unit in this jamestown crescent apartment building.   roster for canadian men's senior softball team (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) five players from newfoundland and labrador have been chosen for the canadian men's senior softball team.   roubo huoji rou fan, no. -, gongyuan road, west central district, tainan, taiwan; + the ah mei restaurant is known throughout town for classic tainan dishes, including its specialty duck soup pot.   "roughly civilians developed skin blisters, with doctors identifying the agent to be mustard gas," it said in a statement, adding blood, clothing and hair samples had been collected from patients for further assessment.   roughly seconds into the spot, there is a clip of bush standing with a collection of men in a response center, praising his team.   roughly . million children aged five to years are now diagnosed with adhd, which is characterized by social and behavioral problems as well as challenges in school, according to the analysis of cases reported by parents from to .   roughly ten thousand children in manitoba are in foster care.   rouleau said they do about percent of their training and advising well behind the front lines and about percent right at the front lines.   rounding out the aio deals is the high-performance envy qe with core i processor, gb of memory, tb hard drive, and k touchscreen display for $,., or $ off the current price.   rounding out the nominations were the film adaptation of the best-selling novel "gone girl," the american wrestling tragedy "foxcatcher" and the offbeat period comedy "the grand budapest hotel."   rounding out the top is atletico madrid in sixth, juventus and liverpool tied for seventh, paris saint-germain in ninth and swansea in th.   round worms undergo examination by project scientists on may , at the kennedy space center in florida.   routh would go back to green oaks at least one more time.   routine fda sampling found the organism in a whole, uncut cheese wheel.   rowan county judge executive walter blevins confirmed the oath keepers are already in morehead.   rowan trollope, general manager of cisco's collaboration technology group, made a more fanciful comparison in a blog post, hinting spark reflects more of the technological dreams on television finally coming to life.   roxas called the commandos "fallen heroes" who sacrificed their lives to try to capture malaysian bombing suspect zulkifli bin hir, or marwan.   royal bank foreclosure philbrook owes $, on his port coquitlam condo that's valued at just $,.   rsl won four of six matches down the stretch, even as its postseason hopes began to flicker.   rsvp: rsvp@gusfordgallery.com. film: in case of no emergency: the films of ruben östlund, is the first major traveling retrospective of the swedish filmmaker (force majeure).   r.t. “but for the opera, i could never have written leaves of grass,” walt whitman said late in life.   rtl release on evacuation drill (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) public transit at the longueuil terminal will be briefly shut down this morning for an evacuation exercise.   rubio gave a somewhat evasive answer that focused more on alternative ways to stimulate the economy.   rubio is legally prohibited from directing the group's spending.   rubio "is not going to make headlines every day," sullivan added.   rubio: sending us special ops to syria “important start” to defeating isis sen. marco rubio, r-florida, believes president obama’s decision to send special operations forces into syria is an “important start” to devel..   rubio: the new york times, with a big take on rubio.   rudloff would like to see tougher regulation and the establishment of arbitrage courts to resolve disputes.   ruff made his first appearance in federal court tuesday.   rule of law v rule of party the bbc is not responsible for the content of external internet sites sign in with your bbc id, or register to comment and rate comments all posts are reactively-moderated and must obey the house rules.   rumors suggested that samsung may also bundle microsoft office mobile with the galaxy s, but demo units at mobile world congress today do not contain the software yet.   run it by someone who doesn't care about what you do.   runners came from as far away as el segundo and other south bay communities and from san diego in the south.   running saturday at carrollton, the lady panthers finished seventh in class aaa with points.   run wild, $, is a riff on the card game uno!   russell: deep in the heart of curling country brad gushue, valerie sweeting win curling masters titles brad gushue, the olympic curling gold medallist, is building another powerhouse curling rink in st. john's, newfoundland.   russell simmons' pre-paid debit card company is planning to reimburse customers who were affected when their accounts were frozen earlier this month due to a technical glitch.   russia and france boost syria cooperation .. moscow and paris have agreed to share intelligence about terrorist activity as well as military operations in syria.   russia, even more than china, is eager to see the resource-rich iranian plateau incorporated into the sco, expanding the eastern geopolitical pole.   russia has been a loyal ally of assad and the syrian government throughout the brutal civil war.   russia has joined the effort with underwater teams along with a search plane and a cargo jet.   "russia intends to show that there is no solution without assad and his army must be part of the fight against daesh," he said, using the arabic acronym for the sunni extremists of the islamic state jihadist group.   russia launches airstrikes in syria russia joined the fight in syria on wed.   russia “liberated” hundreds of thousands of circassians from living on this planet.   russian cargo spaceship spins out of control after launch russia's space agency is scrambling to regain control of a robotic progress cargo ship that appears to have suffered a serious malfunction shortly after launching into orbit on tuesday.   russian foreign minister sergei lavrov earlier this month hosted his saudi and iranian counterparts as well as members of the syrian opposition tolerated by the assad regime.   russian lesbians and gays are frequent victims of attacks by groups similar to the night wolves.   russian news website rbk last week cited trade unions and independent monitors as saying the government was seeking ways to mask the wage decline on paper while forcing state employees to work longer hours in order to meet its targets.   russia now has seven positions set up in syria, according to the institute for the study of war, a washington-based think tank.   russian president vladimir putin has said the russian plane was attacked a kilometer inside syrian territory, while turkish president recep tayyip erdogan said it crashed in turkey, injuring two people.   russians might think i'm insane but there are times when i wander the aisles of my local supermarket and literally laugh out loud.   russian sports minister vitaly mutko, who oversees world cup preparations, told the tass news agency that "the fire did not cause damage to the stadium."   "'russian spring' is a term used by those who are in love with russia's aggressive militant actions in ukraine, and the cigarettes are a real thing," the band said.   russian transport minister maxim sokolov dismissed the claim, saying it "can't be considered accurate".   russia quickly said it would veto the measure.   russia really is an evil empire: without honor and conscience, without memory and dignity, full of ambition and inflamed complexes, hatred and envy.   russia said when it began its air strikes that it is primarily targeting islamic state, which controls large parts of northern syria.   russia says it has placed the helicopters in armenia to prevent a conflict with neighboring azerbaijan.   russia's backing of assad is not merely putin pouting to get his way at the negotiating table, nor an empty threat of force, but a response to a widespread understanding of the "west's" middle east strategy.   russia's defence ministry said thursday that its warplanes had conducted flights overnight, striking " terrorist targets".   russia's defense ministry said that over the past hours it had damaged or destroyed targets in syria belonging to the is fighters, including a command center and ammunition depots.   russia's defense ministry said: "we are looking into the circumstances of the crash of the russian jet.   russia's foreign ministry confirmed the death of a tourist, galina potapenko, who was born in , according to russian state news agency tass.   russia's pres. vladimir putin flexes his muscles u.s. steps up warnings about russia is iran getting a russian missile system?   russia starts drone surveillance missions in syria .. russia has begun drone surveillance missions in syria, us defense officials said monday.   russia–ukraine gas talks in berlin postponed .. eu-brokered talks on gas security in berlin have been rescheduled because too many issues remain open, the eu officials say.   russia wants al-assad to stay, and it is helping to arm him to make that a reality.   russia was outraged last week by the expulsion of moscow's top envoy to odessa.   russia, whose only mediterranean military base is in tartus on the syrian coast, says it is fighting "terrorists", referring to all of assad's opponents.   russia will not "present" karabakh to turkey or azerbaijan for its love for its century- long ally armenia, but for the lack of well-minded reasons for acting that way.   russ wyatt, who said the city is moving "too fast" to get out of the deal.   ruth whyman (photo courtesy of uw athletics) washington rowing will continue to flourish.   ryanair has a nearly -percent stake, the government percent.   ryanair's chief executive michael o'leary said in a statement: "we believe the iag offer for aer lingus is a reasonable one in the current market and we plan to accept it, in the best interests of ryanair shareholders.   ryan braun and aramis ramirez each doubled and had two rbis for milwaukee, which has won a season-high four straight.   ryan claims the new law will force unions to hire auditors and bookkeepers that aren't necessary.   ryan faced criticism from the left after he said he would not give up time with his children to become speaker.   ryan followed up the announcement with a video message to fans.   ryan goins drove in a run off ventura in the third, snapping an -inning scoreless streak by royals pitchers.   ryan grenoble news editor, the huffington post university of missouri president tim wolfe resigned monday under pressure from students, staffers and athletes critical of his response to racial tensions on campus.   ryan mallett has started since then, but he has struggled and hoyer took over in both of the last two games as the texans fell to -.   ryan zimmerman's blast backs washington's pitching hours ago miami - the washington nationals expected to get more than just the one run provided by first baseman ryan zimmerman's second-inning home run.   rye was released, reportedly for a large ransom paid by his family, two months before foley's beheading was shown in the first of a series of gruesome isis videos.   ryu spaeth the gop undercard debate: do any of these candidates have a chance at the varsity debate?   ss and taino farm are mutually excited for this partnership.   saadi gaddafi, son of muammar gaddafi, is seen inside al-hadba prison in tripoli august , .   saakashvili signs deal with u.s. for regional support of odessa the memorandum was co-signed by william r. brownfield, the united states assistant secretary of state for drugs and law enforcement.   saankhya's chip set in india, microsoft is already hard at work trying out the technology in srikakulam district in the southern state of andhra pradesh.   sabina tells minutes overtime about the access she's gotten to some of italy's most ancient sites.   sabmiller on friday announced an accelerated cost-savings drive, which analysts saw as a defensive move to drive up the offer price.   saddam's vain brick inscriptions may annoy him, but isis' destruction appalls him.   sadly his own testimony offers proof of terrible deeds, which is all i have ever required to believe the accusations.   sadly though, its history is the most interesting thing about the saint george today.   "sadly, we have ample evidence that there continues to be a persistent problem with discrimination in the health care industry," said jocelyn samuels, head of the hhs office of civil rights, which would enforce the proposed rule.   safety on the railways category a signals passed at danger (spads) potentially severe operational close calls source: network rail but the system can be deactivated by the crew and that is one of the possibilities investigators are looking at here.   safiya and mum carol she said: “safiya was an inspiration to young people in medway.   saget was last on broadway for a few months at the end of the run of "the drowsy chaperone" in .   sagittarius (nov. -dec. ): today is a -- avoid overspending on fantastic schemes.   sahar aziz yet, as muslim women face threats to their safety in the anti-muslim backlash, one cannot help but notice the deafening silence of french feminists.   sahl al-ghab, at the intersection of hama, latakia and idlib provinces, has been a major target for russian air strikes.   sahrye hardy’s family didn't live at the apartments where she died, they were just visiting.   said de­scribed land be­ing a tem­po­rary ease­ment for the con­struc­tion of a dri­ve­way and is shown col­ored orange on the at­tached plats marked an­nex -a.   said pleaded guilty in may to one charge of conspiring to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.   "sailors tell me the same thing, airmen the same, and marines say the same thing.   salas, a u.s golfer with mexican heritage, likely won't pay much attention.   salehi added, "that is the end of the validity, eligibility, legality, whatever you name it, of that government.   sales are a better indicator of performance.   sales fell a seasonally adjusted . percent from november to december, the commerce department said wednesday.   sales have been disappointing, but the giant aircraft still has fans - with emirates its biggest supporter.   sales in brazil, russia, india and china combined were down percent.   sales in turkey are fairly slow too, because satellite connections are more expensive than classic dsl access.   sales of the recently redesigned murano crossover were up percent, and the rogue small suv also saw strong sales.   sales people often use d&b data for leads.   sales rose percent to . million cars and trucks, according to autodata corp., the fastest sales pace since july .   sales to discerning customers (and they will not be the traditional chevy/buick/pontiac buyer) are not just about styling, they are about substance and i don't see much of the latter.   sales were underwhelming, to put it mildly.   sales were up . percent from a year ago.   sales, while gaining, are still comparatively weak.   sales would be limited to a quarter of an ounce per customer.   salim al-aradi has been in detention since august last year.   salim patel, who works at a shop in the tube station, said: "people just wanted the attacker to stop it, but then he took the knife out and used it on the victim.   sally schroedl, a second-grade teacher at clyde hill, keeps an energetic class attentive with interesting math problems and the possibility that any student could be called upon next.   salt lake city (ap) - a former utah high-school teacher who pleaded guilty to having sexual relations with three of her students faces up to years in prison when she is sentenced thursday.   salt lake city (ap) — a mormon-church-backed anti-discrimination bill that protects lgbt utah residents and religious rights received final approval at the state's republican-controlled legislature on wednesday.   salute to my brothers in arms.   “salzgeber knew it was important that anna remained part of the team,” schroecksnadel said.   samantha guff editorial fellow, the huffington post this paddling pup survived some pretty ruff waves.   samar and her husband, who are syrian, lived there and ran a small grocery.   same for "mad men," whose saga began at the dawn of the 's and closed out that decade when its final season aired last spring.   same-sex marriage has been a tricky issue for republican candidates with evangelicals a powerful force in determining the party's presidential nominee in .   same-store sales at the front end of its stores (i.e. not prescription medications) were down .% from a year ago.   same with you, jermaine kearse — and most of your teammates.   sam horsfield, an -year-old who plans to attend florida, won a playoff for the last spot.   sami also handles crucial aspects around security and privacy, which are mission critical in iot cloud services.   sam is stepping away from pro football.   sammurtok says she was "terrified" to go back to school, with a young child, but she kept reminding herself that the many years of hard work would prepare her for the rest of her life.   samsung has just given us a convincing example for why virtual reality could one day be an enormous hit.   samsung has reached that record by becoming the dominant tv seller in north america, representing around percent of the us market and around percent of the canadian market, according to figures it cites from npd.   samsung promised a variety of apps designed for the new watch's circular face, but it didn't provide details.   samsung's chairman, lee kun-hee (who inherited control of the company from his father) is currently very ill.   samsung simplified the process of getting two apps to run side by side (a feature that even apple is lifting for ios ).   samsung's newest, the gear s, faces competition not just from apple but also from a variety of manufacturers using google's android wear software.   samsung, the company that owns smartthings, a leader in iot.   samsung tv's designed by ronan & erwan bouroullec.   samsung was known for adding in services already provided by others as it attempted to get galaxy owners using samsung apps.   samsung would use near-field communication (nfc) technology to support mobile payments on the smartwatch, the report said.   samuel beckett and harold pinter shared a love of cricket finally, which types of food and drink are the secrets to a long life?   samuel culver had previously been jailed for a year in for a similar offence in which he attempted to entice a -year-old girl to go into his home in brook road, tunbridge wells.   samuels played an anchor role, hitting boundaries and three sixes after going to the crease when panyangara bowled dwayne smith without a run on the board with the second ball of the day.   sana reported that assad said at the meeting that he is determined to continue fighting "terrorism in all its forms."   sanchez's sublime backheel-flick at the near post opened the scoring in the sixth minute, and mesut ozil doubled the lead a minute later when he coolly curled the ball home after being set up by theo walcott.   sanders admitted that the rail company would have to be compensated.   sanders and team say they haven't changed his somewhat unorthodox debate preparation, which looked more like a cram session before the first debate.   sanders gained , followers in the first week of december and posts, on average, . tweets every month.   sanders is under no illusions.   sanders then endorses the ads, arguing "we can make a political revolution and make an economy and a democracy that works for all, and not just the powerful few."   sanders: the portland press herald writes that an estimated , attended sanders' rally.   sandeson was about to start his first year of medical school.   sandford spoke to the threatened infrastructure conference thursday in winnipeg, hosted by the manitoba capital region.   san diego police chief shelley zimmerman said in a statement that the department will take the allegations "very seriously."   sandro gozi: at the beginning of my career, no.   sandwich chain chick-fil-a in gave its producers five years to meet its commitment to go antibiotic-free for chicken.   sandwiched in between are chunks of pickled mustard greens, a sprinkle of crushed peanuts, and a couple sprigs of cilantro.   san francisco selected the contract of inf nick noonan from triple-a sacramento, and called up rhp cody hall and c hector sanchez from the river cats.   san francisco sheriff ross mirkarimi has defended his office's decision, saying ice should have issued an arrest warrant.   san leandro police were conducting an unrelated investigation in oakland, said watson.   sanofi is hoping to convert patients to toujeo as lantus is due to lose its u.s. patent protection this month.   santa clara, calif. — jim harbaugh is gone.   sap will go over roadmaps with each customer plotting a move.   sara eventually moved from croatia to western europe, but her story was one of the inspirations for okus doma.   sara ganim often writes about the practice of fraternity hazing, and she found that in five hazing-related deaths, the universities were aware of previous violations while the parents of the students knew nothing.   sarah landed in raleigh at in the morning.   sarah pugh, chief executive at heart of kent hospice says: “moonlit walk is a great opportunity for the local community to come together to remember their loved ones and to show their support for their local hospice.   sara jean green: -- or sgreen@seattletimes.com four weeks for cents of unlimited digital access to the seattle times.   sara kessler's brother, matthew knaus, told the pittsburgh tribune-review that the loss has been eased by learning that his sister wasn't responsible for their deaths.   sarit michaeli of the israeli rights group b'tselem said there is a risk that palestinian suspects will simply be shot, even in cases where they could be arrested.   sarkozy, head of the conservatives, says "we need everyone (.   sasha and malia obama: -present photos sasha and malia: in hawaii – president obama walks with daughters malia and sasha after a visit to sea life park december , , at waimanalo, hawaii.   satisfaction with isps also drops advertisement most internet service providers rated worse than a year ago.   sat, oct , - page german qualifier zverev stuns fourth seed fognini german qualifier mischa zverev advanced to the quarter-finals of the valencia open by beating fourth seed fabio fognini -, - (/) on thursday.   satori band has voiced concerns over the current leadership in south africa "mandela is a hero in senegal, is a hero for us," mendy said.   sat, sep , - page samsung targets logic for growth samsung electronics co, the world’s second-largest chipmaker, wants to get bigger and is targeting an expansion in logic chips as part of its effort to add to its leading position in memory.   saturday and sunday's final weigh-ins will be held at walmart, located at s. eufaula ave., in eufaula beginning at p.m. fans will also be treated to the flw expo on saturday and sunday from noon to p.m. at walmart prior to the final weigh-ins.   saturday, june th @ pm, lincoln primary care wellness center, hamlin.   "saturday night live's" pete davidson, who lost his firefighter father on /, tweeted some sarcasm.   saturdays at p.m., meet at 'hug me' tree near queen and soho (free through summer) the laneways and alleyways of queen street west are popular with shutterbugs and those who enjoy public art.   saturday's meeting could be the last chance for xi to press china's case for closer economic and political ties before taiwan's january elections for the presidency and legislature.   saturday smiles: pardoned turkey to meet president; inmates make toys for needy children; vet wins dream wedding need a break from bad news?   saudi al-hilal club player nawaf shaker celebrates after scoring a goal against qatar's al-rayyan club during their afc champions league football match in doha, qatar, tuesday, april , .   saudi arabia already cut its prices to europe on monday, and the united arab emirates did so on tuesday.   saudi arabia and the uae have been leading the war in yemen against the country's shiite houthi rebels since march and are part of the u.s.-led coalition bombing the islamic state group in syria and iraq.   saudi arabia began cautious moves toward rapprochement after the appointment in august of haider al-abadi as iraq's new prime minister.   saudi arabia has led airstrikes against iranian-backed rebels who have toppled the yemeni government.   saudi arabia is britain's most important trade partner in the middle east and was its biggest market for arms exports last year.   saudi arabia on saturday shot down a scud missile fired from across the border by houthi rebels and their allies, the state saudi press agency said.   saudi arabia's king abdullah photos king abdullah is surrounded by hundreds of islamic clerics, tribal chiefs and other prominent saudis before a ceremony bestowing his legitimacy in august .   saudi arabia’s legal code is based on a strict wahhabi interpretation of islamic law, though it is not uncommon for foreigners to consume alcohol covertly.   saudi's grand mufti sheikh abdul aziz al-sheikh “islam does not allow terrorism at any cost.   saul is also alleged to have conspired with debra saul in connection with those drugs also.   saul loeb via getty images president obama smiles with a -year-old refugee girl from myanmar that was subjected to human trafficking and will now be moving to the united states, following a tour of the dignity for children foundation in kuala lumpur.   saulnier said the changes have come from more than just the focus on safety.   saunders, , refused a breath test, according to the citation, meaning he automatically loses his license for a year.   sauvageau also alleges it was justice minister jonathan denis who personally directed her to reopen the contract.   savage is director of the asian poker tour, which recently completed a -day poker tournament for local and western players at macao's starworld hotel & casino.   savchenko’s sister vera and mp from the batkivshchyna party ivan krulko were in court to support nadia.   saved from death march the shocking discovery of her true heritage would change cetin's life.   save the children's sierra leone director rob macgillivray told bbc tv that the charity would investigate the circumstances surrounding the infection of pauline cafferkey who had worked for the charity at a treatment centre in the country.   saving his brother from death row saving his brother from death row : "we were always told that no one was above the law and that we would always do the right thing," callahan told cnn.   savvas xiros, blind and suffering from multiple sclerosis, is percent disabled, kotzias said.   “savvy defenders” can make a cross-strait amphibious assault “hell” for the invaders, he added.   "saw u made the news last night," the message read.   saying black lives matter is not the same as saying only black lives matter, packnett said.   saying greek voters' expectations of their new government were "a mile high", dutch finance minister dijsselbloem was asked whether a plan to resolve athens' financial problems would be achieved on monday.   " says birdsall, about sinbad's, "i tell anyone to come and meet me here, my friends, and they sort of laugh at me.   says carly fiorina on twitter: “hillary clinton will not call this islamic terrorism.   says the homebuying at long last, we are seeing a resurgence of down-payment assistance for first-time buyers.   say what you will but i dont see lutherans blowing up baptist church's nor do i see jews..   s. border. . falling oil prices in president barack obama said keystone xl will only go forward if it 'does not significantly exacerbate the problem of carbon pollution.'   sb police looking for seatbelt/cellphone violations."   scabies is common -- as are eye and respiratory infections caused by the dust and sand.   scarlett johansson rocks out i..   scenic countryside – pan trekked up paektu mountain, a dormant volcano that is north korea's highest.   scenner agreed, stating that approximately , people in kern county are affected.   schaeffer added this was a very unique situation that is hard to even plan for.   schalke's - lead at half time was not undeserved, as the royal blues were the more dangerous team.   scheduled for no later than november, , it will be the second uncrewed test flight of the capsule, taking orion into distant orbit around the moon.   schellenberg was eventually put on a cargo plane headed for the canadian consulate in bogotá.   schneider says any return to normal or above normal rain and snow levels this winter is certainly a welcome thing, considering how little snow we got last season.   schnittger, who serves as boehner’s post-congressional spokesman, did not respond to questions about boehner’s decisions regarding his existing political money."   schoener says he's beginning to see the negative impact on students' dental health.   schomer’s video “café latte art” demonstrated the technique for far-flung baristas.   school lunch: is $. a child enough?   schools in arkansas integrated races after the supreme court ruling in brown v. board of education.   schopf and his colleagues used a variety of spectroscopic imaging techniques to study sulfur bacteria fossils embedded in deep sea rocks of varying ages.   schroeder laughed about the late fall, noting he hopped right up and wasn’t hurt — and said it wasn’t a factor in his finish.   schuerholz said now is not the time to say if the latest death at turner field would affect plans for the new stadium, including the height of the rails which line the bottom of each section of seats.   schultz also said that facebook will explore providing options for users to "show support for other things that they care about through their facebook profiles."   schultz had met them at seattle hempfest, a marijuana celebration that draws tens of thousands of people every year.   schwartzel starts season in style south african charl schwartzel shot a -under to open a five-stroke lead in the european tour’s season-opening alfred dunhill championship in malelane, south africa.   schwarzenegger tried to chase the man down in his car.   scientists don't exactly know where meteoric pyrimidine comes from in the first place, although they theorize that it could arise when giant red stars die.   scientists first discovered the field in , unearthing the remains of animal species, of them new to the science world.   scientists have long suspected that there was an ocean of liquid water on ganymede — the largest moon in the solar system, at about , miles (, kilometers) across — has an ocean of liquid water beneath its surface.   scientists have only tested the procedure with lab animals so far, and it'll require more studies before it's safe to use with humans.   scientists make quantum leap, teleport data from light to matter "things get really interesting when two electrons become entangled," said ronald hanson from the university of delft.   scientists say the technology could be in the freezer aisles of local grocers in three to five years.   scientists were more certain that global warming is caused by man, evolution is real, overpopulation is a danger and mandatory vaccination against childhood diseases is needed.   scientists will try to determine whether the massive size of the bloom is linked to this year's warmer-than-average water conditions from washington to southern california, the agency said.   scioli scheduled his final rally in la matanza, a part of buenos aires province that is a bastion of support for the ruling party.   score: . price: $ tasters said: "some nice fruit at first, but a treacly aftertaste."   scores of people reportedly were killed.   scorpions are creatures that attempt to avoid notice or attention, that lurk in the shadows and hide under rocks or within cracks.   scotland, skipped by world champion eve muirhead, managed just one point in the third, another in the fourth and two in the sixth.   scott donaldson of vanguard’s investment strategy group suggests targeting these areas: tips: young investors can use stocks to stay ahead of inflation.   "scott is in. are you?   scott jamieson shot a -under for the lowest score of the round and the scotsman climbed to shared fourth position, six strokes off the lead.   scott morgan, jefferson’s defensive coordinator, has high praise for madden as well.   scott's brother: i never believed there was a struggle scott's brother: i never believed there was a struggle : north charleston: but after scott was killed in south carolina over the weekend, protests in north charleston have been peaceful.   scott’s recovery on track despite undergoing foot surgery two days after seattle was eliminated from the mls cup playoffs and spending the bulk of the offseason in a walking boot, scott said he never seriously considered retiring.   scott tayloe marched up to the starbucks counter in jacksonville, florida, and handed the barista a napkin with his number on it.   scott warren, general manager of firstontario centre, hamilton place and the molson canadian studio, has said the venue is not able to cancel the show.   screen shot of nadine toukan's instagram post on jordanian papers the government controls leading dailies through the social security administration that owns those papers, so their editorial boards consist of government appointees.   scrolling down the options on the phone menu: you can send money, withdraw cash, pay a bill, or buy goods and services.   scroll through the gallery to discover all the secret cameos in "the force awakens." photos: did you spot all of the cameos in "the force awakens"?   seagate has applied for eight projects with a combined value of . billion baht since , said ajarin pattanapanchai, senior executive adviser of thailand's board of investment (boi), a government agency that promotes local and foreign investment.   seahawks’ drew nowak eyeing starting spot at center originally published august , at : pm updated august , at : pm seahawks drew nowak at seahawks training camp.   seahawks make a roster move --- but still no kam chancellor interactive map of wildfires in the u.s. sam was born at riverbanks zoo in columbia, south carolina.   seahawks struggle on offense again, fall to chiefs, -, in preseason game “(team surgeon dr. edward khalfayan) didn’t recommend surgery, so that’s probably a good sign,” furbush said.   sean gilbert: i think that was the beginning of darrelle understanding that this is a business.   search and rescue efforts are ongoing, the coast guard said.   search for airasia crash victims the number of recovered bodies almost tripled on friday, after of the passengers and crew were found, many of them by a us navy ship.   search planes spotted debris on a mountainside monday, but efforts to reach it on foot and by helicopter were suspended until tuesday because of bad weather.   sea rise, one of the consequences of climate change, now threatens millions of poor subsistence farmers across asia.   season with salt.   seated beneath the work of ernest shaw, frank wilson, left, who helps out at the shop by running errands and sweeping up, and will thomas, , who's been getting his hair cut by troy since he was , argue about the nfl.   seated beside then co-anchor diane sawyer watching long-ago coverage of those dreadful attacks on a monitor, the pair, unseen by viewers, clasped each other's hands for support as their eyes welled.   seattle (-, - wac) forced overtime with william powell’s layup to tie it at with seconds left in regulation, and quickly took the lead with a three-pointer from emerson murray to open the extra period.   seattle-area muslims face fear and kindness after teen’s death body found in mason after kitsap authorities say missing millionaire believed dead earthquake hits near victoriaunlimited digital access.   seattle decided a long time ago that it wouldn’t require growth to pay for growth with impact fees.   seattle left-hander rob rasmussen (-) earned the win in relief and right-hander danny farquhar shut the door for his first save of the season.   seattle restaurant manager killed hiking in alaska originally published august , at : pm updated august , at : pm kc boehly, , was a manager at cafe flora in seattle's madison valley.   seattle seahawks’ loss to arizona cardinals puts playoff hopes on life support don’t give up your steak just yet: how to have red meat and prevent cancer, too when something goes wrong at the hospital, who pays?   seattle's theme, a lifetime of pride, "serves to honor all those who serve the community — regardless of age, class, sex, ability or status.   seattle times aerospace reporter over nearly five decades, boeing has woven business ties with japan inc. stronger than with any other nation.   seattle times technology reporter when tom alberg moved back to seattle from new york in , the biggest technology company in town was boeing.   seattle times theater critic frank boyd as ray in his new solo piece, “the holler sessions,” at on the boards.   seattle was vastly improved on third downs, a problem in last week's loss to arizona, converting of attempts and scoring touchdowns on its first three drives.   seattle will experience "well above-normal" temperatures with plenty of sunshine, according to edwards.   secamb attended the scene inquiries are ongoing.   sec network announces new projects missouri enters as reigning sec east champs comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   secondary navigation field dispatches from the best reporters in the world.   secondary navigation jul , : am et fast food franchise owners consider suing n.y. over minimum wage new york — gov. andrew cuomo wants to have it his way with new york's fast-food industry — and restaurant owners aren't loving it.   secondary navigation jul , : pm et dolphin brain scan reveals surprising similarity to bats for the first time, scientists have mapped the entire sensory and motor systems of the dolphin brain.   secondary navigation 'nobody is content' over u.s. detainees in iran, says fiery obama president obama is asked about the iran nuclear deal and american detainees currently being held in iran.   secondary navigation project lifesaver: keeping patients safe personalized radio transmitter bracelets that can locate people with autism or alzheimer's who may wander off.   second best would be something really embarrassing, like sexual misconduct.   second copenhagen shooting brings another fatality .. a major police search operation is underway in copenhagen after a second man died in a shooting in copenhagen.   second, global efforts to address the refugee crisis can involve other, more distant, countries, which are able and should be induced to take refugees.   "second, i want to address those who voted labour yesterday.   secondly, alleviating the anxiety is the pathway back to activity.   secondly, look, everything is political.   secondly, social ventures that develop products which directly target consumers can be transformed by more entrepreneurial investment.   second, she wants to clear up the rumors printed about her, including those about her highly-publicized dispute with williams' three children over her late husband's estate.   second, what policy changes would you make to improve relations with israel?   “second, whereas we do not ask for a tax increase, lin does, levying an extra . percent tax,” in addition to the . percent securities transaction tax,” lai said.   secretary of defense ashton carter just visited israel offering exactly that.   secretary of state john kerry said in december of last year that the world would soon be rid of anti-personnel mines.   secretary of state madeleine albright and prince turki al-faisal, the saudi ambassador in the uk, speak during the second day of the th jeddah economic forum february .   secretive star wars spin-off lucasfilm has released few details about the star wars spin-off film, other than it is slated to be released on dec. , .   section of the indian act exempts the "personal property" of status indians from taxation.   sectors that should be doing well in the current era of cheap energy aren't making enough new jobs to offset those lost in oil's slowdown.   security and privacy are important shopping with counterfeit credit cards: cybercrime is on the rise one among them, who asked to be identified only as reinhard, always carries money and knows exactly how much he has on him at any point in time.   security forces had surrounded the building for most of the day.   "security has been a major focus throughout the entire process, and i think we've done a very good job of it," reddy said.   security was beefed up at the lahore international airport shortly before modi's arrival.   security will be tightened particularly at polling stations and other "vulnerable" locations, including banks, hospitals, government offices and accommodation housing election officials.   see aircraft carrier tested at top speed see aircraft carrier tested at top speed : "about knots ( mph).   see also: hands-on with microsoft's new budget-priced surface pro all these nuances add up to a surface stretched between two worlds: work and play, professional users and consumers.   seeds from wallace's ,-pound pumpkin have sold for more than $, in a charity auction.   see full gallery - of next prev i mentioned several reasons i liked the apple watch in my one month article and since then apple has fixed a few things while i also continued testing out the fitness functions of the apple watch.   seehofer's call follows the arrest of a man at the german border last week who was carrying weapons and explosives.   see how easy that was?   seeing her mother for the first time via online video link, gilmore -- who lost her hearing at age because of illness -- immediately signed the words "i love you."   “seeing him having the success he’s having, it’s not really surprising me,” cooper said wednesday.   seeing it left me humbled.   seeing ruts, potholes or giant puddles?   seeking redress through the voluntary media council of zimbabwe is one such avenue,” said mafunda.   see le nichoir's website for more details.   seemingly always in contention he battled hard to stay in the crossfire before missing his own chance to join the epilogue.   see more of the show here: www.cnn.com/gotravel. new orleans (cnn)we tried to squeeze the best of new orleans into this month's cnngo show.   see more stories like this and share your own on cnn.   seen here receiving the award for outstanding performance by a female actor in a leading role for "silver linings playbook" at the screen actors guild awards, she thanked sag for the naked statue and called harvey weinstein a rascal.   see rosie’s favorite places to hang out in new york in t magazine looks from rosie assoulin.   see treme off-screen experience the real-life companion to david simon's hbo series "treme" by exploring what is sometimes referred to as america's oldest african-american neighborhood.   see wednesday's barrow journal for complete high school football coverage.   see you at falcon, guys!   select said that if patients who died at hospitals were included in the calculation, its share of discharges during the three-day window would have been %.   select the desired formulation (e.g. lotion, aerosol spray or cream) and apply it to exposed skin or clothing.   self-filers who use such sites praise their ease, expediency and cost as benefits.   selfies of the year a group gathers for a selfie at california's yosemite national park on saturday, october . at right is a dog being photographed by its owner.   selfie sticks, extendable rods for taking pictures with a smartphone or camera, have been banned from tottenham's stadium.   self-regulation is like an ongoing inner conversation.   sell almost anything locally.   sellers felt her teams progressed well toward this meet as the season went on.   sellers may even be desperate to sell, giving you room to negotiate. . ensure cheap labor no matter what level of work a property needs, the fall and winter can be a great time to do it.   selling atlanta's children: what has and hasn't changed victims, not prostitutes racine and kennedy often work together to identify and then prosecute human trafficking rings.   "selling oil at current prices is nuts," says steven kopits, managing director of the consulting firm princeton energy advisors (and he of the phrase "super dumb").   semi-finalists were picked based on a book excerpt and an online blurb.   senada sokollu reports from istanbul.   senate bill , which would take away teacher pay during strike days, was sponsored by a democrat, but sen. tim sheldon, a member of the mostly republican majority caucus, did not receive any support from other democratic lawmakers.   senate democrats preparing sweeping gun-control legislation minutes ago washington, oct. (upi) -- senate democrats are set to launch a campaign for tighter federal gun-control laws in an effort to quell gun violence in the united states.   senate foreign relations committee chairman bob corker, a tennessee republican, said that he was "disappointed" by obama's remarks and his attempt to turn the iran deal into a partisan issue when there's concern on both sides of the aisle.   senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, r-ky., has led the charge against the power plant rule, which he says amounts to a declaration of war against his home state, a longtime leader in coal production.   senate majority leader mitch mcconnell, r-ky., is intent on keeping the anti-terrorism patriot act from lapsing while republicans control the house and senate.   senate majority leader mitch mcconnell touted the vote as an example of "sensible" governance from republicans.   senate speaker leo housakos told reporters following the release of the report that the senate accepts the document's urge toward accountability and transparency.   senator: church attendance should be mandatory boehner: i have to keep frogs in a wheelbarrow washington (cnn)if things had gone differently in the presidential election, paul ryan would be vice president right now.   "senator feinstein also bears significant responsibility for the many flaws in the report.   senator kirk probably knows better than that.   senator mccain, by the way, was held prisoner for five and a half years and tortured in north vietnam.   senator plett doesn't understand this," she said.   senator richard blumenthal at a congressional hearing last month urged the tokyo-based company to create a fund for victims.   sen. bernie sanders, a vermont independent, will offer a measure that says climate change is real and caused by human activities.   sen. dianne feinstein, d-calif., said there could be no compromise on the trafficking bill short of entirely removing a provision that prevents spending for abortions in most cases.   send in american ground troops.   sending a message let’s not be naive for a second.   sending sexual messages and using government property such as offices or cars for sexual activities were also among the offenses.   send resumes to shenterprise@embarqmail.com. brand new mattress sets.   send resumes to shenterprise@embarqmail.com. the lake royale police department is searching for qualified applicants to fulfill the responsibilities of full and part time positions as a police officer.   send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, i lift my lamp beside the golden door!"   send us your photos of gordie howe gordie howe shows improvement after stem cell treatment the numbers don't lie.   send us your pictures of the supermoon to news@thekmgroup.   senioras replacing the linens before washing the bones, the small box is for the bones of a lost baby -- pomuch, campeche next year for day of the dead, i am planning on exploring san cristobal, chiapas and meeting the mountain maya.   senior consumer ombudsman wang te-ming (王德明) said the pacifier samples were purchased in october last year and were tested for plasticizers, heavy metals, evaporation deposits and resistance to heat and boiling.   senior intelligence officials also will be on hand for talks that are meant to transcend bureaucratic divisions and information "stovepipes," officials said.   senior iraqi intelligence officials warned members of the u.s.-led coalition fighting isis of imminent assaults by the militant organization just one day before last week's deadly attacks in paris killed people, the associated press has learned.   senior nhs staff are being paid thousands of pounds and taken on expensive trips by firms lobbying to get their products used, it reports.   senior nld members gathered at suu kyi's home in yangon city to discuss their manifesto and campaign while about activists with flags and banners marched out of the party's headquarters to the tune of pro-democracy songs.   senior officials, including football hero franz beckenbauer, are believed to have known about fund.   "senior officials used the military aircraft for the salvation of their families and property," said a source in the russian air traffic management (atm) state corporation.   senior resident magistrate judith pusey encouraged dixon and the complainant to find amicable means of resolving disputes.   "seniors care is in crisis in our province and we will continue to fight for our seniors," vermette said.   senior staff writer responsible for consumer and travel reporting for nbcnews.com. popken was the managing editor of consumerist.   sen. john matthews said the group called the "elloree " is scheduled to be in the senate chambers at : p.m. tuesday.   sen. john mccain expressed frustration with the obama administration for not yet providing details as to how it planned to proceed with troops in afghanistan.   sen. marco rubio has emphasized his experience on the senate foreign relations committee in his defense of israel, and recently picked up the backing of major gop donor paul singer, a staunch supporter ofamerica's middle east ally.   sensors have emerged as one of sony's strongest products in recent years as its tv and mobile operations struggle.   sensus made a successful commercial debut in europe, first with the entremont brand of shredded cheese, and most recently with sayon paneton.   sen. ted cruz, r-texas, turned years old on tuesday and the gop presidential candidate is using the special occasion to fundraise.   seoul (cnn)neither fried chicken nor beer originated in korea.   seoul, south korea (ap) — u.s. secretary of state john kerry on monday accused north korea of a litany of crimes and atrocities while reassuring south korea of america's "ironclad" security commitments.   separately, fifa is also under investigation by us officials for corruption.   separately on monday, the company promoted its chief operating officer, kathleen philips, to chief financial officer.   separately switzerland announces its own investigation into the awarding of the world cup bids to russia in and qatar in .   separately, the eurogroup of finance ministers said it had made the decision to start discussions on a three-year bailout of greece from europe's bailout fund, the european stability mechanism.   separatist fighters continue preparing their positions in the war against kyiv forces.   separatist leaders say they control most of the city, including the rail station that connects it to other rebel-held areas.   separatists' forces are organized, commanded and directed by moscow."   sepp blatter - key moments in pictures photos fifa has also been heavily criticized for the employment conditions of workers building stadiums and infrastructure in qatar for the world cup.   september , - robert "joe" halderman is released after serving four months of his six-month prison sentence. april - extends his contract with cbs through .   sequel mania: a guide to the next years of film photos jennifer lawrence has been katniss everdeen, the arrow-slinging heroine of "the hunger games" franchise, since .   serbia, on the main transit route for migrants who want to reach western europe, fears when the fence is completed, it will leave thousands of people stranded inside the balkan country.   serbia’s big-power ally russia and five of the eu’s members also oppose full recognition for kosovo.   sergeant kaney has received a medal of honor and purple heart for a previous shooting where he was shot in from the oregon peace officer association.   "sergio is a very talented goalkeeper," van gaal said.   serino, who expects the pearl to fetch a handsome price, said he'd probably spend the money on a new kitchen for his home, where he live with his wife and daughters.   serious eye damage can occur.   seriously: are there any coaches out there who are qualified and who’d be willing to take on the nightmare that is the niners front office?   “seriously, what kind of message does it send out to both consumers and game developers when this far down the xbox one line microsoft makes such a big play out of legacy support?”   “servers in our model are going to take a bit of a hit compared to what they do in regular restaurant,” huffman said.   services are provided free of charge.   services: calling hours will be from : am to : pm at manchester christian church, wellington road, manchester, on wednesday, may , , with a memorial service to follow at pm at the church.   sesame street improved outcomes for boys, black children, and kids living in “economically disadvantaged areas.”   seselj faces numerous charges, including inciting others to commit murder and ethnic cleansing of bosniaks and croats in former yugoslavia.   set out for an invigorating walk up a hill to th-century bouillon castle, armed with treats from the abundant local bakeries and chocolate shops.   • setting up a system so that suspects who have failed to appear for arraignment will have their next court hearing within a day.   seung-yoon lee is the worldpost link in south korea.   seven capybaras in the zoo, originally from south america, enjoyed the hot spring water on the chilly winter day in japan.   seven crimea-based plants to work for russian defense industry please subscribe for full access unian web subscription get a complete information picture of the day by subscribing to unian’s news feeds.   seven law enforcement agencies did not report data.   seven members of an s&p index of these companies fell more than percent.   seven members of the mainly shia hazara ethnic group, including three women and a child, were found with their throats cut on sunday in an incident police blamed on islamic state militants.   seven other people were injured in the collapse but survived.   "seven per cent growth is a very respectable number but china has been experiencing double-digit growth for many many years," mcmaster university finance professor luke chan told cbc news in an interview.   seventeen people remained in the hospital saturday.   seventeen per cent of key off-screen figures — which includes directors, writers, producers, executive producers, editors and cinematographers — were women last year, the study found, also a one percentage point rise from but unchanged from .   seventeen year old perry butler, who heads into the th grade come september, said his trip to bamsi has caused him to reconsider his career options once he graduates.   seventy-eight percent feel that men should open the door for women, and percent appreciate punctuality.   seventy-five per cent of commute trip times would be more or less unchanged, while some would see a three-to-five minute increase in travel time.   seventy-nine percent of the victims were female and in percent of the cases, the victim was under the age of . cases involved countries including pakistan, india, bangladesh, afghanistan and somalia.   seven went to individuals and to local organizations.   several animal wranglers laid black vinyl matting on the floor of the bunker.   several bright spots can be seen, including two that are very bright and are located in the same crater.   several camera models cost at least $ each, and storing all that footage can cost as much as $, a year.   several city hospitals, his father said, refused treatment to his child, citing a shortage of beds.   several contained vulnerabilities that would allow an attacker to seize control of the phone’s camera or microphone, or to hijack and change a personal profile on the site.   several countries have announced they will beef up security at french facilities abroad.   several dozen demonstrators interrupted the former maryland governor while he was speaking in phoenix at the netroots nation conference, a gathering of liberal activists, demanding that he address criminal justice and police brutality.   several gop presidential candidates have called for the women's health organization to be defunded.   several governors are conducting investigations into planned parenthood in their own states after seeing the video.   several hours of raw cctv footage from the jail were released to the media, and clips from the footage were played at a press conference.   several lawmakers said they have had to distance themselves from his stance on the "shoot-to-kill" policy, his opposition to joining air strikes against islamic state in syria and his statement that if prime minister he would never use nuclear weapons.   several of best's "hazzard" co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media.   several of his sisters were among the victims.   several of matera's cave dwellings and crypts have been restored as a "spiritual hotel."   several of the republican presidential hopefuls said on thursday that davis should not have been punished.   several of the best selling cars in the u.s. market are inexpensive, high mileage cars -- reasonable alternatives to smart.   several of the buses missed the % mark by only one deduction.   several of the demos on display at the three-day event this week are intended to launch early next year alongside the vr system, although facebook-owned oculus has yet to announce the system's price or release date.   several of them, such as coral groupers and napoleon wrasse, have declined by percent in the past eight years alone, it said.   several of those who opposed the social club say they are skeptical of the change.   several other countries, such as turkey, jordan and lebanon, have each taken in hundreds of thousands of syrians.   several other families from syria have arrived this month, and chahal admitted there have been challenges related to housing.   several other providers were present, and none of them knew, either.   several people are sprawled on top of him, and there's possibly another layer above them, dozens are crammed into this wooden dinghy."   several people hurt at anti-refugee protest in dresden a demonstration by members of a german right-wing extremist party protesting against a tent camp for refugees in dresden turned violent, with several people injured.   several rebels were captured and an undetermined number were killed in the fighting, officials said.   several say he drugged and raped them.   several sources told respected financial magazine caixin that su's case was related to discoveries made about sinopec by inspection teams from the government's audit office.   several technology web sites reported that more than , e-mail addresses were government and military ones.   several thousand people from the africa and the middle east have made a treacherous crossing of the mediterranean in an attempt to reach europe, but on wednesday, a small group of refugees achieved a first by landing on british soil.   several transgender sex workers told asia catalyst they were afraid to use public transport, dress as they wanted or even leave the house to go shopping.   'severe' punishments a foreign office spokesman said: "our embassy staff are continuing to assist mr andree, including regular visits to check on his welfare, and frequent contact with his lawyer and family.   severe storms that ripped through mississippi and alabama, however, had little impact on air travel since no major airports are in those states.   seville expo photos cajasol tower – the omnimax theater was torn down and, some years later, a -story building -- the tallest in seville -- was built on the site of the pavilion of discovery.   sex and relationship columnist josey vogels was on cbc radio's ontario today friday to discuss how dating the second time around can be different.   sexting up a storm sexting up a storm : "it raises the stakes as a parent," robbins said.   sexual relations between consenting adults of the same sex are sometimes criminalized, liable to be punished with imprisonment or even with the death penalty.   sfist reached out to klein for comment and clarification.   shafiq reached his century in balls, sweeping leg-spinner adil rashid for a boundary.   shame!" amid a demonstration that shut down the intersection of queen and bay on wednesday evening.   shanghai's metro system has witnessed rapid growth in the last few decades.   shapiro noted that many other chains already court people who feel like skipping meat.   shaquielle mckissic, a former edmonds community college player, scored to lead five players in double figures for arizona state.   shareholders will be hit with a charge but it’s better than continuing to drill dry holes in the most challenging environment in the world.   share on facebook tweet share pin share motorola and verizon wireless have just unveiled the droid turbo , the latest flagship smartphone in the long-running "droid" partnership between both companies.   shares dipped .% in pre-market trading to $. and are up % over the last months.   share see which state's residents gave the most.   shares in ryland group are up about percent this year, while standard pacific is up . percent.   shares in the company fell by nearly % in frankfurt, while the broader german market was flat.   shares of macy's fell $. or nearly percent, to $. in afternoon trading.   shares of the company, which also announced a -for- split of its class a common stock, rose about percent in extended trading.   shares of zynga (znga), which also owns words with friends and a slots franchise of casino-themed games, were up about % tuesday.   shares on friday rose . percent to . euros in helsinki, the highest close since , valuing the entire company at about billion euros.   share this story about sharing brazilians 'adrift' after whatsapp suspension december mourinho sacked as chelsea manager chelsea dismiss manager jose mourinho seven months after he led the club to the premier league title.   share this story about sharing chattanooga shooting uk will help us destroy is - cameron britain is committed to working with the us to destroy the "caliphate" set up by islamic state militants in iraq and syria, prime minister david cameron says.   share this story about sharing more magazine stories egypt's morsi sentenced to death an egyptian court sentences ousted president mohammed morsi to death over a mass prison break in .   share this story about sharing related video / audio is this art?   share this story about sharing uganda profile - timeline greek pm replaces outspoken minister greece's finance minister yanis varoufakis resigns, hours after voters back his policy of rejecting creditors’ demands for more austerity.   share this story about sharing unstoppable force?   share this: tweet share tumblr clinton's press secretary: we're celebrating we actually are doing high-fives right now.   share your shiny pearls with other wisdom magpies.   shariah prohibits embodying the prophets," said professor abdel fattah alawari, dean of the islamic theology faculty at egypt's al-azhar university.   sharina's deputy said the library did not stock korchynsky's books and called the accusations against her "absolute nonsense".   sharing his contagious love for both food and entertaining, porter touches the hearts of millions through his eclectic palette of innovative recipes, culinary techniques and design ideas recognized by foodies and style influencers alike.   sharks, although they are super cool.   sharon stone - suffered a stroke in , the seriousness of which was played down at the time, but which actually saw bleeding into her brain for nearly a fortnight.   sharon, who works at aesica, said a tv documentary last year based on the great north swim inspired her to take the challenge.   sharp’s probability of debt non-payment within one year has climbed to . percent from about . percent two weeks earlier, according to the bloomberg default-risk model, which considers factors such as share prices and debt.   shattered glass was thrown all over the parking lot in front of an e-cigarette store in the -block of a street in langley.   shaun alexander mustered just yards on nine carries, and the seahawks offense managed just points over the final three quarters.   shawn green, , a retired two-time major league baseball all-star outfielder who is jewish, said baseball "has started to take off in israel" and that "the key is to get american players there."   shayanna then shared the notes with hernandez’s legal team.   shaykh yasir qadhi wrote "may allah give him what he deserves!" in an assessment of the former labour leader, informed by his time spent studying under a "callous" and "arrogant" blair at yale university.   she added: “it’s just one of those things.   she added: "like if your shirt caught fire or anything i could put it out.   she added she would like to see millington end up in jail, because "they killed" her son, even though millington was only found guilty of perjury.   she added that google is likely to get some good deals, as sellers will have a difficult time shopping around for competitive bids, given the time frame for the experiment.   she added that she chose sassi holford because as a west country girl she liked the idea of wearing a dress made by a taunton-based designer.   she added that this is not the case, however, with hard-to-verify statements, such as claims about weight loss, or whether something is biodegradable, or that the product helps prevent cancer.   she added, “the iroquois confederacy had circles of consensus—it was matrilineal.”   she added: “these men were being aggressive and intimidating to ms tierney’s partner and to his neighbours who had rushed to the scene when they heard a noise.   she admits that she didn't expect the journey to be so hard — but already her view of the voyage has shifted.   she advocated new laws, when what she should have said is ‘the movement has made this issue front and center and changed my heart.’   she affected the travel of other passengers.   she also bought a th anniversary book of buffett's famous shareholder letters, m&m's (m&m owner mars co-owns wrigley with berkshire).   she also criticized the congressional mandate that a certain number of detention beds be maintained and the fact that private prison companies run many immigrant detention facilities.   she also found them in ash from iceland's eyjafjallajökull eruption.   she also leaves grandchildren and great-grandchildren.   "she also leaves her long term partner barry, and her twin brother devastated with this sudden loss that has stopped their worlds.   she also led middle schools in both westford and holliston school districts.   she also makes sure her employees adapt to what in most cases is their first formal job outside the home — which requires skills such as communicating well with colleagues and getting to work on time.   she also noted than minimum wage increases have gains traction in republican-dominated states such as alaska, arkansas, nebraska and north dakota.   she also participated in the november protest.   she also received a master's degree in competitor intelligence from scip in , certified capture team lead iii from boeing academy usa, and a certificate iv in project management from the australian institute of management.   she also said it has a tag showing it went to holguin, cuba, which is odd as she never flew to that destination during her trip.   she also wrote a post on facebook that read “trump’s greatest damage to women was to raise sympathy for carly fiorina by attacking her appearance.   she always had a kind word and beautiful smile for her customers.   she always was organized.   she and family were sheltering in a temple when they heard planes overhead.   she and five scientists lived under a canvas dome, surviving on freeze-dried food for the entirety of the experiment, save for a handful of excursions dressed in spacesuits on the rocky terrain to observe and study their surroundings.   she and her husband share an office at their campaign headquarters in vermont, she travels on nearly every campaign trip and is in on nearly all senior staff meetings.   "she and her mother were absolutely best friends."   she and her partner were responding to a traffic accident when she was gunned down.   she and her sisters have set an entirely new mark on what it means to be a woman soldier in the united states army."   she and her son tend the livestock and both have full-time jobs.   she and ken also believe it's not enough for people to protest.   she and krystle campbell spent the day laughing and posting selfies on facebook before heading to the finish line.   she and youngblood started together in .   she appeared on the vh reality show "i want to work for diddy" and later produced her own series, "transform me."   she arrived there a magazine veteran.   she attended north georgia technical college (clarksville) and majored in business.   she attends cultural events, but seems only to have a passion for horses and dogs.   she became a qualified medical technician in the same year after having gone through six months of rigorous training.   "she became a star attraction," mattick said.   she began sending letters to manson when she was in high school. november , - sources tell cnn that manson and star have, in fact, obtained a marriage license.   she began traveling solo at age , says khaled.   she believes will bring better times.   she believes in the importance of recognizing that you're more than your body and your mind.   she believes that interaction with nature is important and can cure the office blues.   she believes these new relationships benefit the customer, retailer, and the etsy seller, though she acknowledges there is a learning curve.   she bemoans how they didn't have the budget to fix upholstery before the visit of president barack obama and says he was forced to sit on a coffee-stained couch.   she called in sick and took a few days off.   “she can detonate it without anyone’s permission,” bloom said.   she cannot give up.   she can't sell the mobile home that fetched such a steep price just three years ago.   she can't speak to why they've been treated differently, she said, but pointed out that people give "great deference" to police officers and want to believe what law enforcement officers tell them.   she carries her in a makeshift pouch and like most moms wakes up in the middle of the night to bottle feed and help bettina go to the bathroom.   she chronicles the crowded slums where the men last dwelled before they were arrested.   she continued her art throughout her life and was a master doll maker, fashioning her work in varied mediums, both porcelain and cloth, and additionally hand made clothing and costumes for all her dolls, rarely duplicating her work.   she continued, "i didn't know that he had a degree from rgu, but the university was absolutely right to rescind his degree.   she continues that agricultural use, she said, with hay production and by breeding and selling a rare type of horse called the akhal-teke.   she continues to be considered the overwhelming front-runner among possible democratic presidential candidates.   she could see the ground splitting apart beneath her feet.   she could see the ships moving up the halifax harbour, on their way to dropping their anchors in the bedford basin, where they would wait before crossing the atlantic.   she currently lives (and uses her words, with an impressive vocabulary) in the bucolic suburbs outside new york.   she currently provides the voice of amy the vet in children's tv series 'postman pat'.   she definitely gets my nod for best actress.   she denied any alcohol-related drinking, but the rumors spurred whole foods to test the kombucha sold on their shelves.   she described a man who showed her no compassion, but didn't recall him having any particular animosity toward islam or other religions.   “she did ask pertinent, direct and tough questions.”   she did more then just raise the funds.   she did not, however, mention the future of current eu sanctions imposed against russia over its policies in eastern ukraine and earlier annexation of the country's crimea province.   she didn’t directly address sledge’s innocence.   she didn't know it.   she didn’t think anyone would believe her.   she discusses the practical steps that helped her make it through along with the support of her family and friends which encouraged her to keep going.   she doesn't take shit from anyone, not even from the man she loves, lucious lyon.   she’d planned on putting it off until later in the summer, but she knew she’d have to contend with the storms that tended to come up suddenly that time of year, violent, with lightning and strong wind.   she dries his feet with her hair, an irresistible image for artists and dramatists.   she'd spend a couple days with a group before venturing out to the rail yard and hopping a train.   she'd spend three years as a pastry chef at chez panisse, meeting damian thomas somewhere between california and london whenever they could.   she'd taken doodles into her care, and with months of time, love and affection, she'd not only saved him, but he'd saved her.   shed the fear attached to change by considering how different things would be without what you’ve gained from these differences.   she earns $, or more from each project and derives enormous satisfaction from the work.   sheena wadhawan, advocacy director at the d.c. employment justice center, explains that new business models propagated by companies like uber are leading to an uptick in misclassification claims.   she even met hugh hefner there for five minutes.   she explained that zimmerman became angry after she told him she didn't want to take the relationship further, and said they also argued over a painting she had that he wanted returned.   she explained that zimmerman became angry after she told him she didn't want to take the relationship further, and they also argued over a painting she had that he wanted returned.   she extended one of the game's top competitors, sharapova, to - in the third set of the final.   she faced down gop lawmakers in an -hour hearing last week and also turned in a strong debate performance earlier in the month.   she faces charges of theft of a motor vehicle, driving without a licence, driving without insurance, and being unlawfully at large.   she famously said that if she had not gotten a divorce, she would have led a dull life.   she figures that by renting the extra bedroom, her housing costs will largely stay the same as her current rent.   she finished her round, played in steady afternoon wind, with five birdies and three bogeys.   she finishes her nine-year term november . click to view comments a snoring cure that's easy and works instantly.   she fled syria with her family.   she gave a thumb's up while noting in english that "an italian wins, for sure," then pointed to her chest and whispered in italian, "me, let's hope."   she gazes down from the barrakka gardens at the harbor, where the cruise ship glitters in the sun, and she takes pictures of screeching children as they run through a fountain, with the grandmaster's palace in the background.   she goes down the path of crime, but she hopes to find her way out of it through love.   she goes to a local market to buy wood and makes small fires in the alley outside her door to cook her family's meals.   "she got fired, and she ran for office and she lost in a landslide -- i don't see that as being necessarily great potential."   she had a lot of kids and after her first husband left her, she learned how to get tough.   she had, apparently, promised him a "naughty dinner" ahead of the big game.   she had a shot at drawing the ace of spades from six cards, but didn't.   she had been hospitalised this year in thailand with heart, bladder and lung problems.   she had pleaded not guilty to most of the charges, including physically assaulting the chief steward, park chang-jin, who says she made him kneel and beg for forgiveness while jabbing him with a service manual.   she had to stop working and her family could not afford private health care on her husband’s income.   she has also been charged with child abuse or neglect, and with leaving the scene of a collision, according to the criminal complaint filed in clark county court.   she has also questioned the financial probity of spending million euros of city money to host the formula grand prix in the city each year.   she has also written for and been published in hamptons magazine and gotham magazine.   she has become a part of royal history.   she has been criticized for her increasingly harsh treatment of union members and dissidents resisting her drive to make labor markets more flexible.   she has been featured on several author websites and received top billing in one of her interviews with renowned author, amb.   she has been undergoing intense therapy.   she has championed tax reform, a revamping of the nation’s education system, an overhaul of pinochet-era electoral rules and a law allowing civil unions for same-sex and unmarried heterosexual couples.   she has found that writing and art can sometimes be very lonely occupations.   she has four lpga tour victories, winning three times in and once in .   she has hats in all shapes and colors.   she has her own convictions and eventually goes her own way.   "she has his ear like no one else in discussions at a very high level," said david weinstein, the senator's senior policy adviser.   she has made two recent appearances at green-related events, addressing a league of conservation voters dinner in december, where she talked about the need to produce natural gas in a way that minimizes pollution.   she has made upward mobility for the middle class a central theme of her campaign, and in her first days on the trail, clinton has been striking a notably populist tone.   she has no history of exposure to other known risk factors in the days prior to being detected.   she has not been charged in hatcher's death.   she has not shied away from emotional language, speaking of the hatred and coldness she sees in many hearts.   she hasn't talked with him in nearly years.   she has ordered deputy premier and treasury board president deb matthews to go through government programs with a fine-tooth comb to determine if they are "relevant, effective, efficient, and sustainable."   she has since recovered, and leishman says the experience "really, really puts things in perspective."   she has to say "please" and "thank you," set the table, clear her dishes and thank everyone and everything that makes her meals possible.   she helped create the first photo catalog of dolphins.   she helps organize raffles and bake sales to raise money for colon cancer research.   she hopes to blunt future increases by finding a creative solution, such as giving her workers incentives to improve their health—discounted gym memberships, for example.   she hopes to inspire more women and recruit more women drivers.   she hosts esalen workshops and embarked on a journey to india after the jlp tour wrapped, a trip that inspired songs on her next album, "supposed former infatuation junkie."   sheikh saleh al-anjaf, spokesman for an alliance of marib-based tribes, said houthis and saleh loyalists tried to advance from the ancient ruins of sirwah but were pushed back following a fierce battle with tribesmen.   "she immediately woke up and she was clearly aware that i was there.   she invokes 'the cover of time' so frequently that the refrain becomes sad rather than comical: time has covered some of her glory.   she is active in the venice first baptist church, the venice area chamber of commerce and big brothers big sisters, and serves on the board of the united way of south sarasota county.   she is also involved in cheerleading and color guard.   she is among students who are trying to get a plaque placed next to a confederate soldier statue on her campus, explaining its history.   she is an amazing woman.   she is a new recruit for the naptown roller girls, indianapolis' team.   she is an improving type and you can expect more wins from her.   she is a veteran of eight olympics as the supervisor of nbc's olympic research room, for which she won an emmy in .   she is being held in federal prison.   she is by no means a feminist role model and her words should not share the same pedestal as adichie's.   she is currently..   she is currently awaiting federal trial.   she is expecting again in late . photos: the kardashian clan khloe kardashian, the youngest kardashian daughter, is involved in the fashion industry and has shops in new york and miami.   she is in custody at the pulaski county detention center on a $, bond.   she is just but admits to occasionally feeling old when she looks at the young talent taking both the men's and women's game by storm.   she is known as a consumer advocate, always willing to go to bat for those who are being treated unfairly.   she is married to her childhood penpal marcus mumford, the lead singer of mumford & sons.   she is member of marshall ffa, affa star greenhand, ffa star chapter farmer, nd high female in district ffa trap shoot and has multiple livestock showmanship awards she has honors for outstanding female trapshooter, nd place national cornhusking.   she is my heart.   she is no stranger to seeing the hollow eyes and pale faces of people in shock from terror attacks, war or natural disaster.   she is predeceased by her brother, john depalmenary of new hampshire.   she is seen here leaving a u.s. air force base in germany on her way back to the united states.   she is speaking tonight at arts commons, as part of wordfest.   she is the author of the memoir misdiagnosed: the search for dr. house and three other books.   she is the granddaughter of diane bishop of hermosa.   she is the second latina actress to win the award in this category, after america ferrara of ugly betty in .   she is using a blade to run again.   she joined president clinton on a trade mission to africa and rode in air force one to a conference in atlanta.   she just returned from a -day visit to new england, where she visited the trapp family lodge, chosen because she so enjoyed musicals, including the sound of music, phantom of the opera and wicked.   "she keeps a diary, but in today's world it doesn't feel like enough.   she knew that we had a paternal grandmother who could care for us.   she learned to remember that she wasn't alone in feeling pain and was reminded that others have it worse.   she leaves no doubt on where she stands on even the most controversial topics.   she left home when she was , "and a lot of that was out of stubbornness.   "she lied about benghazi," rubio said.   she likes pie better than cake.   she lived in a buddhist monastery, helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji, then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees.   she lived in a house and helped children recover from treatment for cardiac disease.   she lives in a city-run homeless shelter: “there’s a lot of addicts.   shell had hoped to begin drilling the third week of july and is still awaiting a final drilling permit from the government.   shell international trading and shipping company, known in the industry as stasco, does not disclose the number of employees.   shell said “the company has to be resilient in today's oil price environment, even though we see the potential for a return to a us$-us$ oil price band in the medium term.’   she'll start with apples typically associated with pie baking and then add the sweeter kinds people often eat alone.   she lost both legs and was pushed into court in a wheelchair.   she loved the painting to much that she decided to hide it within android.   she meets him in a san francisco bar, where a bartender rudely serves him before serving her (sounds about right, especially if he was hot and the bartender was gay, but i digress).   she might also have added who's supposed to be teaching.   "she must operate independently so that she arrives at the right conclusion without pressure from politicians, without pressure from crown prosecutors, without pressure from police, without pressure from defence counsel,” garber said.   she never had a chance to taste childhood.   she never imagined she would have one.   “she never once gave me the inclination that she was suffering heavily from ptsd,” aguiar says.   she noted "an explosion" in the number of meaty female roles in film and television of late.   she noted that there is still some way to go on restoring the job market to health and that any additional weakness in inflation would delay the first rate hikes.   she noted that this generates a tipping fee per ton, paid by the company to the state.   she now has found a good home at the business unit in toronto where she produces for the national news and writes and shoots and edits video for cbc.ca. keurig has gone cold with a soda-making machine for your home.   she now uses her popular channel as a platform to discuss the experience of being hoh, social issues, and to promote equal access.   "she often had these rants that we would call rick mercer rants," he said.   she often thought of the pixies song, where is my mind?   she once drove two hours to bring him an umbrella (to his workplace, no less!) because she saw on the news that there was a chance of rain in our area and she was sure i hadn't thought to give him one."   she or he is who we want to teach every one of our kids.   she owns a three-bedroom flat in benghazi that her father helped her purchase.   she owns his domestic policy," he said.   she paid as much as £, as she travels on the southeastern high-speed javelin trains to and from st pancras.   she parred to finish one back of delacour.   she performed at a concert in puerto rico before returning to cuba wednesday.   she pleaded guilty in october to mail fraud for falsely certifying that tests had been administered honestly.   she pledges to give the winner $, to get them started.   she points to a % uptick in visitors to pompeii that followed the italian landmark's exposure on street view.   she poured scorn at party bigwigs reportedly unhappy with her phenomenal political rise, saying she would fight until “your fat bellies burst”.   she prides herself on her ability to build a rapport with patients, making them feel comfortable and worthy.   she protects them rather than the other way around.”   she published her memoir in after working on it intensely for two years.   she reaches for her laptop, pulls it across the mattress until it bumps against her chin; she tugs the tip of her ponytail into her mouth.   she really wanted to be a writer and i said, 'maybe you need to get a day job while you're trying to make money being a writer.'   she recalls savouring the moment at an olympic qualifier in vancouver, listening to the anthem rather than singing it.   she received one on oct. , .   she recorded the work in .   she refuses to let us miss the meaning of this moment.   she remains a fugitive.   she reminds herself and her clients that they each have the basic ability to move.   she reportedly escaped when the teens stopped at walmart.   she reported on a variety of noteworthy stories, including arms control, the budget, tax reform and the iran-contra scandal, and traveled extensively with president reagan to summits with mikhail gorbachev and other world leaders.   she revealed that since then, life has spiralled downward for her.   sheriff john kirk says the homeowner, lonnie maynard, agreed to let the deputies come inside and conduct a search.   sheriff raney recommended bartlett as a candidate.   sheriff’s office annual report shows rodriguez uses taxpayer’s money wisely by carol zinke published: jan , at : am pst last updated: jan , at : am pst »play video the department gave back more than $, to the auditor.   sheriff's officers, who were running the detention centre, will no longer be guarding detainees at saint john's police headquarters.   sheriff thomas said weaver and taylor became involved in some sort of argument inside the residence when she shot the victim with a handgun.   ” sherlock noted the state has changed aspects of its lethal injection protocol several times in recent years without modifying "ultra-fast-acting" or otherwise broadening the definition of permissible drugs.   sherman, along with seahawks quarterback russell wilson, appear in a healthcare.gov video encouraging americans to sign up for health insurance through the affordable care act exchanges.   ’ sherman said the team didn’t practice the return until friday.   "she's a year-old girl without sexual experience," ruffle said.   "she's a beautiful, energetic, fun person," morgan said.   she said additionally, up to campers were evacuated from another campground in the area.   she said all of the injuries were minor, and there were no fatalities.   she said a total of , homes in charlottetown and stratford will be affected by the changeover to the new boxes, which should be in place by the end of the fall.   she said based on strong cultural attitudes towards and about marriage, it was highly unlikely that two-thirds of the members of parliament would even pause to consider affording the lgbt community this right, which many of them already enjoyed.   she said he singled out the nearly -year-old church known as "mother emanuel" because of its historical significance in the african-american community.   she said: "i asked 'did you sneak this dog in?'   she said: 'if you're happy, i'm happy.'   she said, ‘i’ll do it, period.’   she said it's estimated that about two-thirds of cards will be replaced by year-end.   she said it's the first time a court has been asked to interpret the section of the school act that concerns intentionally destroying school property.   she said it took hours to make the final product, but adds it was delicious.   she said lomae and the woman had argued a couple of days earlier and she told him not to return to her apartment.   she said: "maybe in a couple of months' time it will hit me because i've got quite a big hole to fill now as i've been busy the last years.   she said not all the records of other overseas countries had been checked, adding: "we took advice on what would be a sample of a review across the register that would give us confidence.   she said on thursday alone, people — the highest number yet — had entered via sweden.   she said other than her brother, "nobody at home knows what happened" during the visit to the hamptons, a summer playground for the rich and famous about miles ( kilometers) east of new york city.   she said she became unconscious after consuming drinks and later woke up to find cosby attempting to force her mouth onto his pubic area.   she said she feels good since the switch to wet cleaning, and hasn't had to miss work.   she said she felt "a bit let down" by the support offered to tourists, adding: "we had to keep going to the rep all the time, asking if we were safe.   she said she has been feeding jimma, who normally stops by her house twice a day.   she said she hoped it would produce "a bigger and better" policy forum suited to "a new kind of politics that involves and engages people more directly".   she said she'll respect the closure signs about per cent of the time.   she said she lost eight members of her family in rwanda's violent genocide.   she said she noticed paint flaking around the rear wheel wells roughly months ago.   she said she's harmless, and promised she wouldn't repeat the crime.   she said she smothered the baby boy with sheets, placed him in a trash bag that she had prepared in advance, and put the bag in her wardrobe, according to the documents.   she said she took a cigarette lighter and burned his right arm to get him to turn loose of her.   she said she wanted to stress that global warming isn't just an environmental issue, but a public health threat, and yet also a chance for economic opportunity.   she said she was a mexican housewife who wanted to save money in dollars and pay for personal expenses, according to the fdic report.   she said she was brought to cosby's dressing room and cosby had her sit on a couch and handed her a drink.   she said she was concerned by the undercover filming by the center for medical progress, which produced the edited clips.   she said she was familiar with the tradition, but testified she didn't think at the time it involved any "special expectations."   she said so far they're "being kept in line" and cooperating with the sanctions.   she said that in , when she was years old, koetters initiated a sexual relationship with her that went on for a year.   she said that she considers him to be her dad, even if they're not actually related.   “she said that 'there were some small sacrifices' to her social life that came with living with her folks, but that it allowed her to buy her first home and it was definitely worth it,” boyle says.   she said the altercation erupted after johnson aggressively pushed past her while she was in line at the bar waiting for drinks.   she said the kidnappers were interrogating the hostages about whether the women were members of local militias.   she said the man was bitten on his left lower torso, his hip, his lower left leg and both hands.   she said the organization will be supplying funds for programs for children and families.   she said: "the prime minister's attitude to scotland betrays the worst characteristics of his government - arrogant, patrician and out of touch.   she said the proposed pact between pacific rim countries did not address currency manipulation.   she said they made her feel "great" at first, but then left her "almost literally face down on the table of this restaurant."   she said they were just visiting and were anxious to get éclair back before they had to leave.   she said they weren't affiliated with any of armenia's political forces.   she said total fines last year in the seven sectors regulated by hmrc, including estate agents, were £,, less than the average house price in central london.   "she said yes," he captioned a picture of him and johnson cuddling in the snow. photos: celeb marriage proposals celebs go big with marriage proposals – lady gaga and actor taylor kinney got engaged on valentine's day.   she's also the primary investor in white's business and wants others to invest.   “she’s a total student of the game and she sees the floor so well.”   she saw that one man's legs were "completely torn off..   she saw the man and immediately said: 'he is the person'," mr shrivastava said.   she says he then began to pet her hair.   she says it bothered her so much, she quit.   she says now, more than ever, drivers have to share the road.   she says she feels "crazy excited" about doing the dance in public.   she says she wants to give the people of "her home" something in return.   she says she will return the next day to get her diwali samosa, which amrita has promised us all.   she says the majority win speaks to the strong support for the liberal platform, which pledged investment in infrastructure and lowering the tax burden for middle-class families.   she says the market is certainly big enough - nigeria is africa's largest economy, with more than million people living there.   she says the only missing peacock was in toronto.   she says the problem wasn't bringing the horses, but the question was where to keep them.   she says the tax incentive seemed like an unnecessary gift to a private company for a project that was going to generate few if any jobs and divert money from more necessary projects with greater public benefit.   she says to focus on the breath and when thoughts come up, just say, “thinking,” and let them go without judgement or condemnation.   she says we need more awareness about mental health issues to prevent mass shootings.   she's beautiful focuses on the birth and development of the women's movement between and and tells its stories through a feast of interviews with more than members of the long (and still continuing) campaign.   "she's been a little joy of heaven but at the same time, it is more responsibility looking after two little ones, especially when (her older brother) george is around," william said.   she's been employed with evergreen public schools since .   she's currently filming 'fast & furious ' alongside vin diesel and jason statham.   she's currently reporting for cbc aboriginal.   she sent a close adviser, jake sullivan, to participate in the secret talks with iran that led to the start of the international negotiations over the country's nuclear ambitions.   she’s facing charges of disorderly conduct, battery, resisting arrest and helmet-to-helmet contact.   she's going to stay at her daughter's house until the water recedes.   "she's great at being the victim.   she’s handed out fliers to drum up interest in his death and maybe get someone to believe that the gun police said childs fired at officers was planted near his body after he was shot in the head.   she shared, "there's a lot of fun moments when you don't know here the problem comes from then slowly you understand.   she should be also be sanctioned for leaking the deposition to the new york times through her "own hired court reporter", they added.   she should have advised the seller not to agree to those terms.   she showed photos of his father at boxing matches with tamerlan, and then asked, "where are the pictures of dzhokhar?   she since has traveled to japan, cambodia and london to promote the initiative.   “she’s just a great human being, first off, and someone who is beloved on the team,” head coach sarah barnes said.   "she's just the spunkiest, most hilarious child i think i personally have ever met," lopresti said.   she's not worried about the surgery itself.   she's one of "avengers: age of ultron's" breakout stars.   she's part of a survivors group in cape breton that has prepared a curriculum and workshop to teach students about what happened.   she spoke on condition of anonymity because her name is not allowed to be cited in the press.   she's stirred and aroused by the voyeurism, snapping her from her grief.   she's taking care of the kids very well.   she stands, quietly astounded, frozen, hopeless in the glare.   she started looking for the sharps and found about , she wrote, before calling to alert officials.   she started this role in december, .   she stayed in germany to be near her relatives, but she was probably also afraid of ending up completely dispossessed.   she's the editor of luxe city guide singapore and chopstixandthecity.com. follow her on twitter @gillianrhys.   she’s the snob, isn’t she, and not blaise?   she's thin with brown hair and brown eyes.   she studied the effects of fluid and salt on the body and kidneys, and created bread designed to combat malnutrition during world war ii.   she successfully defended her title in as an amateur, winning by five strokes in edmonton, alberta.   she’s worth $ billion now.   she's written a book.   she taped her prize-winning episode on january , , but it didn't air until saturday, may , which means she had to keep the windfall a secret from pretty much everybody for almost five months.   she teaches at tulane.   she then asked me if i had any ideas.   she then married donald webster in .   she then references with miracles that take place on a daily basis in the modern world.   she then signed the overall budget that shifted the money.   she thought she'd rather die than live as an amputee but then considered all the people she'd be leaving behind.   she thought the object was a pin or hair accessory.   she told the crowd that mass imprisonment of nonviolent criminals such as drug offenders does little to reduce crime but much to rip apart families.   she told the daily mail: “i used to worry a lot more about my looks than i do now.   she took part in a silent vigil on the steps of the capitol, while "little boys from the boy scouts yelled at us to get back in the kitchen," she says, laughing at the absurdity of it all.   she took the children and moved to british columbia.   she took up running when she and her husband retired to st. john's, and, on a whim, she ran the tely -mile road race in .   she tried to attend a news conference at the tianjin hotel on saturday morning regarding the explosions that killed at least people in this northern chinese city.   she tries to imagine what her son felt when he was in the classroom.   she turned over about , pages of e-mails to the state department that she sent and received using a home-brew server set up at her new york home.   she turned the girls' school she founded in monrovia, more than me academy, into a -day quarantine facility for the children orphaned by the deadly virus.   she unzipped her backpack to take out her wallet and a piece of paper that had the name of the mouthwash she wanted to purchase.   she waived a preliminary hearing, and the case headed to a county court.   she walked in previous outings with her team, dubbed the rosebuds.   she wanted to pursue post-secondary education.   she wants the provincial government to fix the system.   she was at the time of the april cover, the oldest woman to top the list.   she was . people we lost in photos singapore's founding father lee kuan yew died on march , according to a statement released by the prime minister's office.   she was accused of having spent more than $, in inappropriate or unexplained expenses.   she was a charter member of morningside baptist church.   she was a homemaker and graduated from martin institute in jefferson.   she was a location chef and head caterer for several major hollywood movies — including "dawn of the planet of the apes," "bad news bears," "get on up" and "ender's game."   she was already busy as the technical director for the town's minor hockey association.   she was also carrying a beige purse.   "she was always happy, and she really loved animals -- just like her character on 'the beverly hillbillies.'   she was arranging to send "jump teams" from her station, kwch, and from schurz's two stations in springfield, kspr and kytv.   she was a teacher having retired from the madison county board of education.   she was at the albert county museum jail with a medium searching for the spirit of a convicted murderer when she said she felt a hard punch to the stomach.   she was born on july , , near crockett, ark., and was the daughter of the late wilburn and christina (faulk) wallis.   she was crying and crying.   "she was face down bleeding through her ears.   she was forced to marry one of their fighters, who then raped her repeatedly.   she was handed in to wood green animal shelter in godmanchester, cambs., where staff nicknamed her 'kitler' because of her distinctive black moustache.   she was home sleeping one night in may when her car caught fire.   she was living her dream, putting aside law school in quebec, so she could backpack solo along the west coast.   she was living on $ a week unemployment when a friend helped get her a job answering the phone for an escort service.   she was married to french director louis malle from until his death in , and has been wed to real estate magnate marshall rose since .   she "was not breathing" when a man identified as her husband found her saturday morning inside her townhouse in the atlanta suburb.   she wasn’t going to go now, though.   "she was only three-months-old and on the bottle.   she was ordered held on $, bond.   she was paid a reported $ million.   she was presented her medal by her mother, princess anne, who participated in the olympic games in montreal as a member of britain's equestrian team.   she was released a few days later and is now back in the united states. photos: americans detained abroad north korea has arrested americans before, only to release them after a visit by a prominent dignitary.   she was replaced by valeria tarakanova, who allowed nine goals on shots.   she was reported missing on november . adams was -months pregnant at the time of her disappearance.   she was responding to the customs duty of nearly $, she has been asked to pay on the latest shipment of supplies she is taking into the island to give freely to those in need.   she was returned to her grandmother in hankan who, fearing for her safety, sent her back to china this time to live with an aunt.   she was sitting on her deck with her husband when she heard the gunshots.   she was subsequently arrested and charged.   she was surprised to see delta bring up the empty crate that was for her service dog.   she was sweet and docile.   she was taken to a room to rest and awoke several hours later, the fox report said.   she was taken to hospital where she was pronounced dead," senior police official tariq dharejo said, adding police were investigating the killing.   she was the candidate of choice for most west seattle precincts and her best results came in precincts within view of puget sound.   "she was totally distraught."   she was trying to cross the road between the gorge road and mountain road exits after leaving saturday night's ac/dc concert in moncton.   she was unarmed when she was shot.   she was very white.   she was waiting for him when he was released from jail.   "she was wonderful!" someone wrote.   she watched football and bet her father that arsenal would go down to her favorite, manchester united.   she went to college at arizona stateuniversity, lived in the bahamas and worked in new york city.   she will be starting university in , and will have to take out a loan of up to £ a year to cover her maintenance costs, as well as £ a year tuition.   she will continue with the lawsuit unless they can come to an agreement during a pre-trial hearing on nov. , he said.   she will now be able to get documents — including a driver's license and social security card — that conform to her new identity.   she will say all the right things on police-community relations, making nice with gop congressional committees, and playing it close to the vest on enforcement of civil rights abuse cases.   she won .% of the vote.   she won, but it was one month before she was allowed to see her sister again.   she worked for two years with the local community to build the kopila valley children's home.   she worked in the clothing manufacturing business, retiring from bailey boys.   she would do anything for anybody if it was in her power."   she would run around the house and hit and was just horribly defiant."   shiamak davar is pictured at one of his dance classes in vancouver in .   shi'ite muslim iran, an arch-rival of the sunni muslim kingdom of saudi arabia, has repeatedly said the riyadh meeting will cause the failure of negotiations intended to end the syrian war.   shin boarded a plane on saturday.   shipments of tablet chips in china are expected to grow . percent this quarter to . million units from . million units last quarter, digitimes said.   shipments to asia — which account for about a half of japan’s overall exports — fell . percent last month, the first annual decline in seven months, data showed.   “ships are still arriving, and they need to get the whole machine going again,” said louttit, whose nonprofit group provides information on ship traffic and helps guide vessels to berths.   shi, together with a chinese sculptor, pan yiqun, along with south korean civic groups and artists, helped organize the building of the statues -- which, like other statues dedicated to the women, their creators call "peace monuments."   shocking celebrity splits photos after years of marriage, cuba gooding jr. and his wife, sara kapfer, split up.   shocking celebrity splits – on the april episode of katie couric's talk show, "katie," singer richard marx discussed being "back on the market" after a -year marriage to cynthia rhodes.   shoe cobblers become foot lockers, a potter’s workshop becomes a pottery barn.   shooter holds hostages in standoff at wisconsin motorcycle shop hours ago neenah, wis., dec. (upi) -- a man opened fire at a motorcycle repair shop saturday trying to reverse a motorcycle sale, sending two people to the hospital in the process.   shootings have decreased percent since .   shoppers have been able to enjoy huge discounts.   shopping for fabrics in a local store this week, maria gustafsson said of the years she has spent in salo, "it has never felt so bad living here.   shop ugly sweaters started as "just a little hobby" with modest intentions.   shore excursions was the most popular category, with over half ( percent) of all passengers purchasing this and local tour operators receiving an average of $. per passenger directly from cruise passengers and cruise lines.   shortly after that, the screaming stopped as peter fell to the ground.   shortly before p.m., firefighters and police officers surrounded the body with black curtains.   shortly before she came on as dcist's associate editor, rachel kurzius immersed herself in three of his performance pieces and reported back.   shorty's bar and grill we first introduced you to man cave earlier this year, a norman, oklahoma eatery that's exactly what it sounds like.   shot in -d and on the super-sized imax format, the film is a nerve-shredding, life-or-death battle between the mountain and the wind-whipped, snow-blinded, oxygen-deprived climbers.   shots came from a home after members of the task force approached the front door.   shots were exchanged between the two, but neither person was hurt.   should auburn lose the noon game, it will get a second chance in an if-necessary game that would follow.   should bridge be a sport?   should that still yield nothing, let your boss know in a third conversation that you would like a better sense of your salary trajectory at the company.   should the freedom caucus push for an aumf though, its members may not have to push too hard -- at least not with house leadership.   should the state department lag behind the timetable, "it shall explain in detail in its status report how it intends to catch up with the schedule," the judge wrote.   should you want in on this deal it'd be wise to hurry as it ends september th.   shove your twin into the nearest interstellar spaceship.   shown with "crisis hotline veterans press ," a look at veterans crisis line counselors, directed by ellen goosenberg kent & dana perry.   show transcript hide transcript bengals fans headed to paul brown stadium can expect increased security ahead of the team's game against the houston texans.   show transcript hide transcript dogs may have picked up the scent of two fugitives on the run after a prison escape six days ago.   shrek did them one better by embedding those adults-only jokes straight into the narrative.   shudder ($. monthly) from amc lives up to its name with horror films grouped under categories including "monster mash," ''psychos and madmen" and, for a diversion, "alien intruders."   shunned in community unfortunately, ebola survivors are not likely to find that kind of appreciation in their own communities.   shurmur said defenses aren’t doing anything in particular to take him away.   shut down the factory and ship the machines overseas and we'll all be better off!   shuttle buses will be running between the two stations to make up for the service shutdown and all of the stations affected will stay open for bus connections, streetcar service and fare sales.   shwe mann on tuesday also denied that he had misused party funds, which he said he was accused of in a letter last week.   shwe mann's relationship with suu kyi was regarded with suspicion among some members of the usdp, made up mostly of former military officers, and was one of the motives for his sacking.   sidecar raised about $ million from investors that also included union square ventures and avalon ventures.   side effects can include mild redness and irritation, though long-term use of high amounts of deet can cause insomnia and mood changes.   sierra leone's ministry of education, science and technology said it hopes that the year's academic curriculum can still be covered.   sights & sounds from bellevue’s loss to no. bishop gorman originally published september , at : am updated september , at : am bellevue faced the no. high school football team in the nation, bishop gorman, friday, sept. , .   signature gathering approved for marijuana legalization initiative the initiative is the th in circulation seeking to legalize marijuana.   significant turning point "today, the automobile finds itself at a significant turning point," nissan ceo carlos ghosn wrote in an op-ed for the world economic forum in davos, switzerland.   sign me up for the huffington post's daily brief thanks for your report!   signs of continued strength in the labor market strengthened the case for the federal reserve to begin raising short-term interest rates in september.   signs of price softening had begun to show as a result of strict regulations introduced by uae financial authorities to avoid a new bubble, including mortgage caps.   sign up for gothamist daily, which will deliver the day's most popular stories to your inbox at p.m. every day!   sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox.   sign up for our weekly newsletter.   sign up for sfist daily, which will deliver the day's most popular stories to your inbox at p.m. every day!   siitari warned of a complex crime scene and a likely protracted investigation before police will have answers about what happened, but said it does not appear there is any danger to the public.   sikorski had been recorded in the tapes saying british prime minister david cameron was either incompetent or reckless, and calling poland's relationship with the united states worthless.   siksika school's broken boiler shuts students out of class students continued to go to school — wearing winter coats, boots and mittens — and the school used space heaters in class.   silfverberg did not return to the game saturday, but coach bruce boudreau said he was held out as a precaution.   siliconera states that a new game is in development at square enix's japanese studio, with former armored core producer toshifumi nabeshima on the project.   silicon valley has been in the spotlight for a lack of diversity recently, especially in technical positions, and the poor choice in party themes comes at a particularly bad time for twitter.   silk said she also believes that bart was well taken care of before being injured, because he was a good weight and is a very friendly cat.   silva lining – thiago silva celebrates after his goal booked psg a place in the last eight of the european champions league at the expense of chelsea.   silver pictures is an important part of the vision and breadth of our growing sports & entertainment business."   silverware equals success so the answer has to be yes - even in the absence of a serious title challenge.   simeonova says at first she questioned the sanity of those who championed the drink.   similar fundraisers will be held in morden, brandon and gimli.   similar hashtags such as "kuwait is one" and "kuwait is strong" also trended.   similar hopes drive some of today’s on-the-cuspers, which are working to boost trading volumes by rolling out better tools and training for investors.   similarly mr. speaker, we have an issue with health care in grand bahama generally and the eastern settlements continue to be at risk.   similarly, said cherian, refugees have developed many coping strategies that ignore personal wishes and needs because they needed to be tough in past situations.   similarly, the vast majority of the south korean cases have been linked to infections from hospitals.   similarly, thinkfoodgroup has contracted with up top acres, d.c.’s first commercial rooftop farming business, to maintain a ,-square-foot plot on the roof of oyamel’s building.   similar rainfall amounts are also expected across far northern vietnam, hong kong and taiwan this week.   similar sessions will be held in buchans, millertown and badger.   similar to an ice skating rink, it was a scene of comical carnage as inexperienced riders fell to the floor and clung desperately to their instructors.   similar to his republican comrades, carson is attempting to be elected into the highest office of the land so that he can create a world based on 'family values.'   similar to how you look for recipes or photos by looking through themed boards, you can now search apps and download them directly from the pinterest app without ever leaving to go to the app store.   similar to its peers, the norwegian company is focused on maintaining its dividend and much of its exploration activity despite the volatile environment.   similar to last month, no single democratic candidate or potential candidate stands out as unacceptable as the nominee to these primary voters.   similar to the mercedes s-class, bmw uses its flagship executive sedan to lead the company’s technological charge.   simmonds says the group spent hours trying to find a place to stay friday and saturday.   simmons and jones each made a basket around two rebel free throws to make it - wildcats at the half.   simmons further noted that customers want to leverage the benefits of an on-demand infrastructure while achieving business kpis around performance and processes.   simmons was the last to take the stage.   simms was running against conservative candidate kevin o'brien, who resigned as a provincial mha and cabinet minister to run federally.   “simon isn’t happy with sinitta," the source continues.   simple wooden coffins -- numbered and -- with purple flowers on top contained the first two bodies, which were sent from pangkalan bun to surabaya for autopsies.   simply by picking up the rf around you, and recycling that given off by your own phone, this case can help extend your charge by percent.   “simply coming out here and shouting that trump’s a racist isn’t going to change outcomes."   simply ice cream owner and founder sally newall “it has enabled me to concentrate on new business and other exciting future plans.   simply put, higher rates should lead to a stronger currency.   simpson, of barrington road, bexleyheath, was sentenced at maidstone crown court after he was found guilty of one count of burglary and one count of taking a vehicle without the owner’s consent.   sims says the lower th ward, which sustained some of the worst flooding, still needs economic development.   sinai-based ansar beit al-maqdis — the most dangerous militant group— has pledged allegiance to the islamic state extremist group, declaring itself to be the group's sinai province.   "sinai province" (formerly ansar beit al-maqdis) has claimed increasingly sophisticated attacks in recent weeks, including a bombing outside the italian consulate in cairo, the destruction of a navy vessel and the kidnapping of a croatian citizen.   since , wages for the richest one percent have increased by percent; in contrast, wages for the bottom percent have increased just percent.   since , the instrumental version of "ode to joy" is the anthem of the european union.   since , iran has emphasized a self-sufficient military production industry, producing missiles, tanks and light submarines.   since , when the slowdown started, there have been more la niña years than el niño years.   "since , we've worked closely with the hoosiers to bring our best and most innovative footwear, apparel and accessories to all men's and women's sports," said chris mcguire, senior director of sports marketing at adidas.   since , in preparations for the beijing olympics, city officials began an ongoing crackdown on migrant schools.   since , the investments in exploration and other operations in amulsar has amounted to nearly million usd.   since , only one other player has entered the main event as its chip leader and won the whole thing: jonathan duhamel in .   since , it has funneled money into more than , of the country's worst schools that collectively serve more than , students.   "since i've been kind of dealing with it.   since , thomas ostermeier has been the president of the german-french cultural council.   since , the self-driving cars tested by google, delphi and audi have logged more than a million miles on public roads, and have been involved in accidents.   since , the media has been criticizing the military for not responding strongly enough to provocations from north korea.   since /, there have been al qaeda-inspired lone wolf attacks but not a single successful attack directed by a foreign terror organization against the united states homeland.   since all of dku's classes are taught in english, which the school requires its students to have fluency in, differences in english proficiency levels often creates a skewed class dynamic.   since all of the economies are tied to the russia, lower oil prices, coupled with sanctions because of crimea, plus the rouble’s troubles, were the perfect recipe for economic disaster.   since becoming a troop leader in , smith has volunteered in every capacity of girl scouting: adviser, trainer, committee member, camp director, board member, national delegate and more.   since coming to the hoover institution, i have become well known for both contributions to peer-reviewed scholarly journals and for articles and books that make science, medicine, and technology accessible to non-experts.   since early november, the union has been dispatching fewer crane operators in los angeles and long beach and slowing cargo movement in oakland, california; seattle and nearby tacoma, washington, according to a feb. maritime association presentation.   since her debut with the new york philharmonic at the age of she has performed internationally with the greatest orchestras, conductors and accompanists in a career spanning more than two decades.   since he was the cougars’ linebackers coach in , choate said wsu coach mike leach has tweaked his offensive schemes to incorporate more running and thus take some pressure off the quarterback.   since his overthrow, more than , people have been killed in a police crackdown, including those who died in rabaa al-adawiya.   since his sweeping election victory last may, modi's government has approved a string of military projects that had stalled under the previous left-leaning congress government, in part over corruption scandals.   since india legalized commercial surrogacy in , thousands of fertility clinics have mushroomed across the country, making it a $ billion to $. billion business annually.   since it launched, apple's digital payment service has quickly grown in locations with more than , places accepting apple pay as of last month.   since its founding, the firm has sold some million fitness tracking devices to customers.   since jumping into the race, he has continued to poll well and raise lots of money.   since june , the official said, the u.n. has referred to , syrians for resettlement in the united states each month.   since late march, a saudi-led arab coalition has been bombarding the iranian-allied houthi rebel movement from northern yemen in a bid to reinstate exiled president abed-rabbo mansour hadi.   since launching efforts at dialogue in september, leon has been unable to bring together leading players from the rival camps.   since many of the potential witnesses work overseas, the state department "will need flexibility" as to when the witnesses would appear, said assistant secretary of state julia frifield, but the department "can commit to dates."   since may of last year, the lebanese parliament has not elected a president.   since mid-, harsh visa rules have slashed the number of foreign students who are able to secure jobs after graduation, down by roughly % from to .   since neither pistol nor boo are years old (except maybe in dog years,) neither of them were allowed to belly up to a blackjack table, therefore they didn't violate any nevada laws.   since obama became president in , its staff numbers have tripled, to ,.   since oct. , when the refugee flow was rerouted to slovenia after hungary sealed off its border with croatia, more than , people have crossed into slovenia.   since overrunning the capital, the huthis have pushed farther south and east, meeting fierce resistance by al-qaeda and sunni tribal fighters.   since president barack obama signed the aca into law five years ago, million more americans have obtained private health insurance, according to a rand corp. study.   since taking on the riot-related cases, setalvad and her organization have been also been accused of receiving funds illegally, breaking foreign exchange laws and coaching witnesses.   since taking over sanaa the huthis have tightened their grip on government institutions, aided by forces loyal to former strongman saleh.   since the th season premieres on jan. , click to see how different they all look without the garb from another century -- starting with michelle dockery, who plays the oldest of three daughters, lady mary crawley.   since the accident, he has worked from home, doing calls and meeting in person with his top leadership team.   since the contracted ended, pinal county has been helping with the city’s recycling, but bringing rad into the area could improve efficiency.   since the election, has the joint list been able to have much impact on the israeli political conversation or the struggles of the palestinian minority?   since the end of world war ii, local polish legend has said that a german train filled with gold, gems and armaments went missing around the city of walbrzych while fleeing the red army in .   since the european parliament vote on jan. , neither industry nor campaigners have claimed victory.   “since the incident, she was not given time to grieve her loss free from the frenetic efforts to interfere with her domestic tranquillity and even short-term continuity of her home with two high school boys.”   "since the ipo, however, costolo has lost credibility with wall street, particularly after last quarter’s results that added slowing revenue growth to existing concerns about slowing user growth.   since then, a local activist tells cnn, isis has withdrawn to another area and left the al qaedalinked group jabhat al-nusra in charge of the district.   since then, he's been attempting to have his case tried separately, to no avail.   since then, international news of the outbreak has largely disappeared, but for those on the ground, the hard work of recovery is an ongoing challenge.   since then, ixer, blevins and several other researchers have razed the trees around the outcrop to get a better look at it and conducted extensive archaeological excavations.   since then, more than mob attacks on dog thieves have killed at least and caused an untold number of severe injuries.   since then, new highs have been set fourteen more times; annual hauls are now quadruple the record.   since then, she has been born again in fire and blood, and outlived some of the greatest rulers on either side of the narrow sea.   since then, terrorist attacks in paris and california have shifted the focus of the race to foreign policy and national security, issues carson had not initially prioritized as part of his campaign platform.   since then the company has grown to become a major force in the online marketing arena, offering permission email marketing, online research, and online shopping loyalty programs and services.   since then, the eight clinics have been seeing about patients a day, on average.   since then, the national team has won all four of its games.   since then they have captivated a nation still ensconced in the fallout from those attacks, including the rise of isis in the destabilized middle east.   since then, they shut out hazleton - to win the wvc title, hammered wallenpaupack - in the district semifinals and beat hazleton again in the d title game -.   since the number of teachers punished for incidents involving obscene acts with students has been increasing, the bans are apparently intended to prevent indecent behavior from arising out of online communication.   since then, wild and weird animals have been joined by (admittedly adorable) images of dogs and cats.   since the patterns are as individual as one's thumbprint, the camera could be used as a biometric identification tool.   since the recession, cities at the top of the list saw their unemployment rate fall while wages and the number of people with jobs has gone up.   since there's a reasonably good chance genetic testing is in your future, here's what you need to know. . don't go online.   since there's no more lions chasing us down main street, the news tries to find other ways to trigger that fight or flight reflex.   since the survey was conducted, many unexpected events have occurred.   "since they're permanent, i don't want anything spur of the moment," said angie royal of fayetteville, north carolina, who has tattoos.   since we both worked there, i found the perspective humorous -- but not entirely untrue.   since we can’t expand interstate or highway through the city, we must act pragmatically.   since wednesday's attack, cartoonists around the world have been uploading their drawings to the internet and social media platforms.   since yao was taken first overall by houston in , there have been international players taken with lottery-decided picks and none have become all-stars.   sinclair's goal leaves her six away from passing mia hamm and into second place for all-time international goals.   singapore telecom eased . percent to sg$. while oversea-chinese banking corporation was down . percent to sg$..   singer praised rubio's grasp of the issues and his status as "one of the best communicators the modern republican party has seen," in a letter distributed friday to his donor network, first reported by the new york times.   sinkhole swallows car in parking lot guy mistakenly sells $$$ banksy mural for $ this video is no longer available.   siri begins her reply: "like it says on the box."   sirius xm is in a good place, and credit rating agencies see it that way.   "sir tim hunt was speaking as an individual and his reported comments in no way reflect the views of the royal society."   sisi's rise to power almost ended with his first appearance as a strongman.   sites nominated by the public will be entered into a national database.   sittingbourne were denied all three points at hastings by a late equaliser.   sitting in the plenary with a throat sore from all the talking he had done for the past two weeks, huq was especially content with one particular passage of the agreement.   "sitting in the room with a patient, i don't think you'll notice anything," wergin said.   situated on jersey city’s spectacular hudson river waterfront directly across from manhattan - the luxury residences at newport offer options at varying price points, fabulous amenities and unparalleled value.   six attacks in australia have been foiled over the past year, according to the government.   six bus stops on union street between clark and st. mary's streets will also be closed.   six cnn viewers have been selected to be part of the fit nation triathlon team.   six days later, amanda blackburn was killed inside her home.   six-foot -inch rookie bobby portis from arkansas should provide much-needed backup cover at center.   six months later, on may , his remains were found chopped to bits inside a west vancouver house.   six of toronto's next nine games are at home.   six other prisons each recorded three deaths by suicide during , the figures suggested.   six people had been killed monday night not far from the mavivi airport, said civil society leader teddy kataliko.   six people were killed in police firing and two in the rioting over the past two days.   six people were on board; four died on impact and two others were seriously injured, a government spokeswoman said.   six percent of fortune companies have gotten rid of rankings, according to management research firm ceb.   six principal composers, of various stylistic backgrounds, lent their voices to the project, revelling in possibilities of mobile, outdoor, antiphonal, and participatory performance.   six sickened by e. coli linked to local food truck originally published september , at : pm a half dozen people have been sickened by food tied to a local food truck, according to king county health officials.   sixteen “diverse volunteer leaders” have now produced what they call “an unflinching report” that offers “specific, practical policy recommendations.”   sixty percent of the soybean crop is considered either good or excellent.   sixty percent say they now have enough nutrition information at sit-down restaurants and percent say they do at fast food restaurants.   sixty-three percent of whites view her negatively, while percent of nonwhites see her positively, including percent of blacks and percent of hispanics.   size, manner, happy disposition -- no register, no idea who this is.   skanska broke ground on fairview in october , and the building’s opening earlier this year contributed to seattle area leading the nation in the third quarter in demand for office space.   skarlatos is the oregon national guard hero who is on a path to sudden stardom after stopping an alleged terrorist aboard a train bound for paris.   skelos and his son left court thursday without speaking to reporters.   skidmarks were visible at the scene a day after the crash, along with a mailbox that appeared ot have been hit.   skiers took advantage of the inches of new snow that fell at arapahoe basin, normally one of the last ski resorts to close for the season.   'skills in pills' has hit the record stores online and on the high street lindemann sings with his well-known rammstein voice, but this time in english - with a purposely strong german accent.   skip to main content subscribe to this feed follow us on twitter the gift of boxing day - steeped in tradition or just another holiday?   skirmishes first erupted between marchers on one side and some residents and police on the other.   skoda's deliveries totaled , cars in the january-october period.   skopje, macedonia (ap) — an opposition politician in macedonia who ran in the presidential election last year has filed a lawsuit against the government, claiming he was the victim of a major illegal wiretapping operation.   sk telecom earnings drop a service fee price war with archrivals saw south korea’s top wireless operator, sk telecom, hemorrhage profits in the third quarter, according to a company earnings report yesterday.   slager is then heard talking to a senior officer, who explains he is likely to be stripped of his weapon and sent home for a few days before he will be questioned about the shooting.   slager's original attorney, david aylor, had released a statement after his arrest saying that the officer felt he followed all proper procedures before using deadly force.   slightly fewer approved of requiring the calorie postings in other dining locations.   sling tv lets consumers bypass traditional cable tv service but still get their favorite shows.   sling tv's base package costs $ a month and comes with channels from disney, turner and scripps.   sloan summed it up saying, "as digital evidence becomes more common in legal proceedings, ensuring that practitioners have the strongest professional ethics is not only sensible, it is imperative."   sloppy accounting can lead to a rude awakening.   slot machines determine winners by a random number generate that tends to favor the house, he said.   slowdowns in the hospitality industry — restaurants, bars — and retail also have been evident this year.   slowly, she built up her confidence, and her pay rate.   small amounts can be discharged into the environment if saline levels are low enough, or spread on dirt roads to limit dust.   small business owners can build their business reputation by supporting others in their start up ventures as well as learning new approaches and perspectives from the innovative new entrepreneurs they work with.   small business owners have to wear too many hats and just don't have the time, resources or know how to execute effectively.   small forward lebron james scored a game-high points and passed jerry west on the all-time scoring list but the cavaliers (-) lost their second straight.   smart phones help breast cancer patients breast cancer patients may go weeks without seeing a doctor.   smartphone shrink can you crack a joke in the er?   smartphones or music players can plug directly into the car's sound system with a usb cable or auxiliary line or a cassette adapter, if the car is older than a one direction fan.   smartwatch makers have faced a host of challenges in creating consumer-friendly products.   s.mexico international edition pilots survive midair plane crash in alaska by kimberly hutcherson, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) february , (cnn)two small planes collided midair in alaska over the weekend, leaving two pilots injured.   s.mexico international edition biden will make decision "by the end of the summer" updated gmt ( hkt) february , vice president joe biden heads to iowa on thursday.   s.mexico international edition can miss universe pageant save the world?   s.mexico international edition fear, hatred, slaughter marks of heresy -- not god by bishop john bryson chane updated gmt ( hkt) january , christianity, islam and judaism have a great opportunity to work together, writes bishop chane.   s.mexico international edition west coast dockworkers reach deal by steve almasy, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) february , a container ship sits docked in a berth at the port of oakland last week.   smidt was also treated to an extra long hockey game as the teams needed an overtime shootout contest to settle the game.   smith and his friends have a few requirement when looking for their first off campus apartment.   smith even hinted during her interview with the times that the next season of the hit show would be its last.   smithfield foods is committed to providing good food in a responsible way and maintains robust animal care, community involvement, employee safety, environmental, and food safety and quality programs.   smith had said respess was intoxicated in her home when dufresne and the teenager showed up.   smith has a bachelor's degree in sociology from the university of arizona and is an arizona association of community managers (aacm) caam designee.   smith helped to organize the army of the shenandoah and was badly wounded at manassas, but he returned to battle in mississippi, and on june , , he signed the terms of surrender for the last confederate field army, in galveston, texas.   smith memory chapel, winder, is in charge of arrangements.   smith said his daughter was a bright and loving little girl.   smith's partner, james costos, is the u.s. ambassador to spain.   smith, who is entering his th season in the nfl, informed his teammates prior to the morning practice and then spoke to the media following the workout.   smyth, as well, told cbc news in a statement that he welcomes an inquiry. . ron hynes dies ron hynes died in november.   snapchat didn't comment on the campaign when contacted by bbc trending.   snb president thomas jordan said reaction to the decision to scrap the cap had been overdone.   snoqualmie — fred couples had no idea what was at stake tuesday when he got to the th hole with a few friends at broadmoor country club in seattle.   snoqualmie pass had a total of inches of snow for the entire - winter season (as measured by the wsdot at the base of the ski resort/top of the i- pass.) some seasons up there, " is called "three weeks in january."   snorting would be impractical because it would be painful and take nearly an hour to consume a packet, he says.   snow piled up against a building blocking the doorway and stairs; one of the considerations of the new design was attention to aerodynamics to avoid the accumulation of snow blocking access.   snow plows are ready for more snow that's expected over the weekend by alex crescenti published: dec , at : am pst last updated: dec , at : am pst moscow, id – most of the snowfall thursday night and friday will be on the palouse.   so a couple of ott's closest work friends huddled with her in a private room.   “so after the olympics, why can’t i continue in my home where i have lived for years?” she said.   "so all these people yelling and screaming, ask, you ask them, 'what have you accomplished in the time that you've been in public office?'   so, although the constant moving in my childhood as an army brat was sometimes traumatic, it gave me a larger view of the world.   so any type of movement towards you, it can be quite threatening."   "so a really different class of risk," he said.   so are product introductions, corporate research and development budgets, and high-tech payrolls.   so, are the jokes likely to stop?   so are they engaged with you, are they talking to you, are they explaining their business problems to you.   so, asked lee, does that sentence about the presence of militants not justifying strikes that endanger innocent civilians stand as u.s. government policy?   so as strange as it may seem, within a few years a majority of republican voters might actually favor legalization.   so base jumpers can use it for high-speed wingsuit footage while flying through narrow caves in the alps.   “so, because the national game of qatar is football, we are looking for some opportunities to play cricket.   so before you pay everyone else, pay yourself first by having some money automatically moved from your checking or savings account each month into an investment.   so-called 'old stock' canadians vs newcomers," he said.   soccer, along with tennis, has become one of the most marketable women's sports in the u.s. the last world cup victory in helped encourage "a legion of young american women" to play the sport, he said.   so china's leaders look mortal and their system less superior.   social entrepreneur nnaemeka ikegwuono launched the smallholders foundation to empower farmers.   socialist leader pedro sanchez said it was "irresponsible" to compare them.   socialist president nicolas maduro has framed recent u.s. sanctions on seven venezuelan officials as a bid to topple him, and on saturday his government mobilized , soldiers and , civilians as part of a -day military drill.   social media already plays a huge part in the lives of young people and has brought with it its own unique problems, including cyber-bullying, online sexual solicitation and sexting.   social networks that have dabbled in content creation have not always been incredibly successful.   "social prejudice against people who don't conform to gender norms is very strong."   "social protection can also lead to more investment in the health of the family and the health of the children.   society, he said, values sitting and using labor-saving devices over standing, walking and moving.   so, coalson used his chopper to give them a hint that he was leaving.   so could fogle bounce back as a celebrity or spokesperson?   “so delicious dairy free offers entry level employees training and a career path.   so don't be surprised if banks cut back on compensation even further if revenue growth fails to pick up anytime soon.   so don't pull a mcfly on nyc streets!   so, do you want to have a beer with hillary?   so even if he didn’t use condoms with this woman—and you don’t even know for sure if he was fucking her (and he’d be a fool to admit to you that he was)—he didn’t put her at risk of acquiring hiv.   "so even if muscle is lost from taking time away for many years, a person can regain the lost muscle much more quickly after an extended layoff."   so far, about barrels of crude oil have been removed from the waters.   so far his children have suggested he should dress up as a minion from despicable me, elsa from frozen, a potato and a dragon and spider-man.   so far, horizon has funded nearly businesses.   so far in , only two doses have been needed.   so far in , they are allowing . points per game, which is tied for third-worst in the league.   so far in year one, about , young people are engaged in the program.   so far, it has saved more than , people.   “so far it’s been okay,” he said.   so far, japanese troops have been restricted to japan and its vicinity, and the changes are currently being discussed in parliament.   so far just one company, out of about six that operate in the state, has expressed any interest.   so far, more than residential wells tested near duke's dumps have failed to meet state groundwater standards.   so far, police have found nothing improper about the detained pigeon.   so far, so close."   so far, that hasn’t happened.   so far, the company has been mum on the details.   "so far, the company will be producing cucumbers only. %-% of the production will be exported to russia.   "so far the fourth quarter numbers have been pretty tough," said david bakula, nielsen entertainment's senior vice president of industry insights.   so far, the operation has focused largely on the kurdish rebels.   so far the province has closed two visitor information centres and reduced staff at seven provincial parks.   so far, this time around, the great kate wait does seem more subdued.   so far this year, the program has received only percent of its funding needs, allowing it to provide aid to , people, dei said.   so fee-for-service is demonized for creating incentives to “do more,” but the newer alternatives use the same incentives!   so for us to come from behind and show some grit during the season, that's the mark of a good team, so we finally got to that point."   software used by many researchers (m health information systems medicare severity grouper) took each patient's condition into account.   so getting the eyes positioned in the head just right is a very hard thing to do."   so give this list a read, think of how often you use some of these words, and see if you can catch yourself before you use them again.   so hang in there young people.   so happy my brother and i could make her smile this big.   so he had the floor painted pristine white, in order to spot any impurities.   so here is an awful scenario resulting from bias and stress: a scared rookie, investigating a building with an unlit staircase, shoots and kills an approaching young black man, akai gurley.   so here we come to the bigger question.   so he showed me."   so he throws two guys out of the club.   so hopefully i can go on the same pattern and just be intense and be ready to play a playoff game here."   so how big of a problem is late enrollment?   so how can the baristas tell the cash he's handing them is fake?   so how did it all come to this?   so how did the conference actually come about?   so how did things look in your neck of the woods?   so, how does prayer have such positive results?   so, how does the lcp operate?   so how do these competitive eaters manage such extreme gorging?   so how profits perform and how that moves equity markets is understandably their bread and butter, as are good performances that aren't as good as the expectations they may have built into their investment strategy.   so i asked the young woman seated on my right who it was, and she informed me that it was barry humphries (aka dame edna), which, of course, brought down the house with another standing ovation.   so, if boko haram opts for negotiation, the government will not be averse to it," femi adesina, a presidential adviser, said in a recent statement.   "so if i get to line up at that race i will be so happy.   "so if there is routine security screening and monitoring of incoming and outgoing state department emails, anything that is classified should have been flagged.   so if these statistics are available, why has sexual assault been kept a hush-hush topic for so long?   so if you are purchasing a $, home, a percent down payment would be $,.   so if you’re not making the first offer in a negotiation, consider doing so (the research on how that anchors negotiations is well established), and once you do, make it a bolstering range.   so if you see a gray wi-fi notification at the top of your screen, stop downloading the entire contents of the library of congress.   “so if you want to see the maximum punishment a blogger could get in bangladesh, look at me,” he said.   so i have to turn it into an opportunity to raise awareness.   soil moisture was very short to short in the northern counties.   so i'm hitting the road to earn your vote, because it's your time.   so i’m thrilled with how mike has applied himself to his team and his work, he’s done great.”   so, in theory, it is a much better form of taxation by far.   so i put it to my beverage director, and all my people in the restaurants, and said 'alright guys, we've gotta start finding local booze.'   so i put that in the first draft of the sixth special session, an institute for fertilizer.   so i ran for one of these districts and i won.   so i realized that i was working in a long tradition that stretched back into the mists, in a sense, and i didn't know where it came from.   "so i think it will help me given most of the guys will be looking at playing four practice rounds, so i may be able to cut back on my practice schedule that week given what i felt i have gained in playing all four rounds this week."   so i think that’s the biggest trouble and biggest lack of understanding.   so i thought eating bread with pretty shapes would be fun!"   so i took a burst shot of the scene from a distance and made a mental note to make a gif using google's auto awesome as soon as i got a somewhat decent wifi signal.   so it's got to dismantle two-thirds of its centrifuges.   so it shows that this conflict of having to live a life and making decisions that have an impact on your social life… in science, it is totally correlated, they are entangled.   so it tells you everything.   so it took some time for a lot of people to get used to it -- and become accepting to it -- but once everybody was on board and on the same page, people realized that he was a special talent."   so it was a great time for indie emerging bands and we were there making things happen," seligman says.   so it was my way of staying connected.   "so i want to focus more on that through a new team.   so i would suggest that we do everything that we can to try to resolve these conflicts, which are not easy.   so just those type of things.”   so keeping as many of her colleagues on board with her policies is important in wielding power.   so labour supporters & god knows who else will get their ballot papers via email tomorrow.   "so, ladies and gentlemen, i am officially running for president of the united states, and we are going to make our country great again," trump told the crowd at his announcement.   solar impulse starts round-the-world journey photos fly by night – solar impulse is the upgraded version of a prototype (pictured here) that wrote history in by becoming the first solar aircraft capable of flying overnight.   solar impulse was due to depart last week, but it was postponed due to weather conditions.   solar policy wins as utilities have tried to fight solar, there have been some important wins for the industry.   soldiers were clearing bombs from roads and homes in districts of ramadi they had already taken since launching their assault on the city on tuesday, state tv said.   so let's hope smith just misspoke.   so let's rock this vote, jeb!   so lo and behold, i was cast.   solomon exam prep is led by founders karen and jeremy solomon, both of whom maintain a lifelong commitment to advancing learning and education.   solvent buddy was fined for failing to: comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   so many people were vaping, it didn't seem like the fog machines were needed.   "so many women look up to connie britton and lust after her beautiful shiny hair," benanti said.   some vehicles were stuck on highways in central california late last week amid a deluge of water, mud and debris.   some million journeys are typically made on the underground each day, so when the system is down, the city comes close to grinding to a halt.   some analysts said the plans were likely to face opposition from southern european nations hardest hit by the arrival of hundreds of thousands of migrants to europe this year, including greece and italy.   some analysts say elections should be delayed to allow transitional authorities to make more progress on disarmament.   some are here and more are coming.   some are living in tents.   some are naturally simple, some the authors “stripped down” into reasonable facsimiles of the originals, all are aimed at “a real-life schedule and budget.”   some are saying it is an ostrich, others are saying emu while more still are claiming it's a rhea.   some are so annoyed that they've reportedly dumped poop on the dancing grannies.   some argue that none of these works retain their shattering impact, but after seeing these ballets, you’ll better understand every dance that followed.   some began suffering health and psychological problems.   some believe the ban may not even live to see its th birthday this december.   some believe the limbs are more potent if the victims scream during amputation, according to a united nations report.   some black elected officials suggested bush had not consulted them sufficiently.   some cadets swung pillowcases believed to have been packed with their helmets, the times said.   "some campaigns will invest in digital and mobile, and others will still act like it's the s," moffatt said.   some cities are restricting the placement of pot businesses or passing odor ordinances to thwart outdoor gardens.   some companies are even commissioning games tailored to their training needs.   some congressional republicans in the past have advocated for using the debt negotiations as leverage to extract spending cuts from democrats.   some consumer and environmental groups have been calling for greater controls on pesticide use.   some context: barr, the star of tv’s most popular show at the time, had built a persona as a loud-mouthed, blue-collar mom.   some criticism:unless i'm mistaken, the surface book is a new flagship product.   some critics and commentators lauded it as patriotic and unflinching; others dismissed it as reductionist and racist.   some critics say children are going to eat junk food because it tastes good and that’s what they like, but i say they don’t give kids enough credit.   some critics worried the bill went too far in banning ohip funds from such therapies, raising concerns it would prevent legitimate practices.   some curious folks who have explored the house said they saw a christmas tree and unwrapped presents inside.   some energy companies are calling for carbon taxes.   some experts have argued that $ oil is possible.   some family members pulled up in their car just in time to see the last passengers whisk past them into the boarding lounge, the sydney morning herald reported.   some fans despised its callbacks to "star trek ii," which they saw as treading on sacred ground.   some female directors have since reported receiving letters from the equal employment opportunity commission seeking to learn more about their experiences on the job.   some flights resumed on friday to bring home tourists stuck in the resort, where about , britons were on holiday, but the operation descended into chaos when egypt cut the number of flights it would allow to fly them out.   some games to take note of this week: — detroit at milwaukee, monday: oh, hello, greg monroe.   some garments, like this one by senegalese designer selly raby kane, can be difficult to put on and can be quite revealing.   some gop leaders say they can help with fundraising commitments in order to cut down on travel demands will spend this weekend at home in wisconsin, including watching the packers-rams game sunday afternoon washington (cnn)rep.   some had made progress.   some have found their drawings offensive, but they are not uncommon for european comic satire aimed at an adult audience.   some have gained fame and fortune for work that, in the case of ta-nehisi coates, landed him atop best-seller lists for what he has written about race.   some homes in the rural farming village were barely standing and many had shifted from their foundations.   somehow, her colleague’s question twigged a change in her.   somehow the result is at once modern and classical, purposeful and stylish.   some infrastructural damage has been reported in sections of st andrew.   some investors now fear that the banks, a major component of the financial sector, could be in for more pain.   "some issues have arisen," justice john walsh told the jury.   some justices believed at the time that this decision effectively would end capital punishment.   some key losers are in africa, where commodities were the top driver of growth for the past years.   some key questions remain: — will russia limit itself to providing weapons, training and advice to the syrians as it has done before, or will it send its soldiers into actual combat?   some kids later signed affidavits saying that they had been pressured by michigan to participate in the interviews and even threatened with isolation.   some lawmakers called on the federal railroad administration (fra), the government's chief rail regulator, to provide guidance on what kind of extension to grant and for how long.   some leaders and analysts had warned that radicals within the mud would take to the streets, but opposition leaders called for peaceful change.   some lgbt children reportedly run away from home because of the abuse they face.   some material may be inappropriate for children under .   some may think this would be too risky a move for the democratic party, given the elections.   some media outlets reported the man had bombs in his car, though officials now say that none was found.   some might see it as a way to integrate, or a small price to pay for progress, but i think that in the long run, it has, and it will have much greater cultural impact.   some musavat candidates stayed on the ballot despite the party leadership's decision.   some muslim leaders said yoga was a hindu practice.   some offer more features than you'll most likely ever use.   some of his greatest hits: in , he made an ad for rudy giuliani's mayoral campaign that revolved around sex shops.   some of his ideas could be enacted through the president's executive powers, while others would require an act of congress or changes in federal regulations.   some of it is related to education.   some of the animals were caught in the wild to be used for medical testing, while others were purchased after being kept as pets.   some of the cash came from a gibraltarian law firm, marrache and co, which closed in after the three brothers who ran the firm were arrested.   some of the concessions the british leader is demanding might require the eu's founding treaties to be amended.   "some of the hollywood tycoons ruled by fear but it was obvious mickey balcon was popular, though he could also be a little shy and formal.   some of the land within the fire lines is still burning, but other sections have burned out.   some of them are piled up so you can barely see over them.   some of them have younger siblings in van ael's classes.   some of them have youtube channels, so i watch them on youtube sometimes," she says.   some of them still were strapped into seats.   “some of the people who have been deported have reported that there’s no process at all,” mcmullen told the worldpost.   “some of the same politicians and pundits that are so quick to reject the possibility of a diplomatic solution to iran's nuclear program are the same folks who were so quick to go to war in iraq and said it would take a few months,” obama said.   some of these stories will be interpreted by people in costumes.   some of the tens of thousands of emails and facebook posts "posed a risk of harm to school officials" and threatened protests, superintendent eric bond said in a message to parents and employees on friday.   some of the works, including rembrandt's "storm on the sea of galilee," were cut from their frames.   "some of those amounts are pretty impressive for this time of year," he added.   some of those interviewed expressed skepticism, but noted that they could not know what had happened behind closed doors."   some of those publications also claimed that the phone will have a -inch curved quad hd display, but there's probably no use speculating if that's true or not when we're this near to seeing the real thing.   some of those savings are invested domestically, and some in foreign assets.   some of those who have received trump organization warnings have in turn slammed him for what they contend is his illegal use of corporate resources.   someone at marvel obviously got a little too cute with this teaser, as about halfway through there a clearly identifiable shot of snorlax.   someone didn't do what they were supposed to."   someone is paying for it.   someone wrote: "we'll keep living, laughing, singing together, refusing the barbary that kills innocent peoples."   "some only speak arabic," says nidal,"and structures for refugees are not as good everywhere as they are in bonn."   some organizations are so meeting heavy that they cause their teams to run from meeting to meeting day in and day out often missing meals and sneaking out for bathroom breaks.   some other participants will do a liquid fast or might not fast all days, she said.   some parts of new brunswick are also under extreme cold alerts.   some parts of the bank are also testing “ratio seating,” in which employees essentially share desks with others who work at different shifts or those working across multiple office locations, the people close to the bank said.   some people fear another may be coming, even though central bank governor godwin emefiele has said the currency is "appropriately priced".   "some people have hopes of passing amendments, but it's not going to happen.   “some people have ideas,” the publication writes.   some people have said that i am too frank or too open, but what i think they are really saying is: the subject matter that you bring up is making me uncomfortable.   some people held pictures of the loved ones they have lost to violence.   some people just don't have everything they need, so we're trying to give back a little bit," she said.   some people starve.   some people will tell you that it's unique worldwide.   some personal details about hernandez's life were removed after his attorney objected.   some previous artifacts have made their way to movie sets.   some protesters lie on their stomachs, saying they were showing solidarity with grant, who was shot in the back.   some residential streets had cars entirely covered in water.   some residents could be seen wearing masks friday as they fled villages, with a large, angry cloud of gray dust and ash forming over cotopaxi.   some residents in pointe claire's valois village told cbc's daybreak on monday that they are not happy with the change.   some residents who live downstream from the mine and draw their drinking supplies from private wells have reported water discoloration, but there has been no immediate evidence of harm to humans, livestock or wildlife, according to epa officials.   some rights reserved.   some rivalries will never die.   some ruling party supporters have suggested the opposition party is trying to co-opt blacks for broader appeal.   some scientists have proposed the idea of ‘assisted migration’ for bumblebees — literally relocating the bees to areas where they might thrive.   some see bove as basically pouring gasoline on an already roaring fire, with no good reason.   some seriously heavy people all wanted to make something happen and they saw this as the spot.   some small business owners say it would force them to change how they pay staffers, cut their hours or eliminate perks like bonuses because they don't have the money for overtime for employees who routinely work or hours a week.   some students will also visit japan in june.   some study participants have consented to postmortem brain autopsies, gray noted.   some take selfies on their mobile phones to record their arrival.   something about his car seemed familiar to her, she told abc news.   something always felt off about wading into an uncanny valley of plastic instrumentation — "strumming chords" by holding two buttons and tapping along to the beat.   "something like that would have caught my attention," coughlan replied.   some things make sense to me.   something that made them not victims of the world but actors in the world.   "some think that, excuse me if i use that word, that in order to be good catholics we have to be like rabbits.   sometime between the late evening hours of july and early morning of july , one of our adopted dogs, an american pit..   sometimes -wheelers were waved on through, since the sound of idling -wheelers at a stop sign doesn’t mix well with dramatic dialogue.   sometimes a theologist states an absurd reason supposedly justifying the ban.   sometimes, companies will make defensive acquisitions of user names in order to prevent them being embarrassed in the future.   sometimes falling prices or deflation can be a serious issue.   "sometimes families are forced to spend days and months crammed into small rooms at reception camps with as many as , other people.   sometimes, her grandmother picked a gardenia from her garden and put it in a glass of water in maria's room so she would wake up to the sweet smell.   sometimes i believe it and other times i don't, but i can always go back to those words to draw strength.   "sometimes it might not come off, but when we do play that way we win games of cricket," said morgan.   sometimes nets are put up as barriers between swimmers and sharks.   sometimes one shot can take a team from a narrow loss to a narrow win!   sometimes qigong and tai chi are called a moving meditation in which the mind and body are led to a state of balance and equilibrium also known as homeostasis.   sometimes retailers, such as us department store saks, with design house public school and others, carry them online as well.   sometimes, the central banks get it really wrong, know they got it really wrong, but can't do much about it (due to domestic politics).   "sometimes you're only on that list because the fbi wants to talk to you about someone you know, not because you're a suspect," rubio said.   some tried to break the security cordon, leading to clashes with the police.   “some turn to the dark, and some try and keep hope alive.”   some tweeters were a little more forgiving, suggesting she be given a chance.   some ups (ups) packages were delayed as well, though fedex's rival seemed to be less impacted by the storms.   some u.s. retailers such as target (tgt)and walmart (wmt) generally benefit from the dollar's strength, since importing goods less expensive.   some u.s. sanctions not related to the nuclear file will remain in place, but that has not deterred foreign business delegations that have flocked to tehran ahead of the expected opening of markets in the oil-rich nation of million people.   some versions of the vehicle have six pivoting wheels for maneuverability.   some were increased.   some were marked "breekbaar" - dutch for "fragile."   some were permanently injured.   some wore blue and green.   some younger parents are the ones who question the need for vaccinations while those of us in the older generations remember the development of childhood vaccines as a godsend.   so microbes that can modulate the immune system and limit inflammation may have some benefit, either by alleviating the symptoms of certain types of psychiatric disorders or, in the best possible scenario, preventing them.   so mostly lincoln and his tank mate nemo invested stay in constant motion in an inaccessible, well-lit, temperate tank, circling each other in a delicate dance.   so much for writing manning off.   so my quest is -- how do we get those extra years?   so national interest is secondary."   so nature keeps the reverent frame with which her years began, and all her signs and voices shame the prayerless heart of man.   sondergaard urged cios to put big data into perspective.   so next time you catch the eye of a cute stranger down the aisle, your shyness won't thwart you—just scroll through the app later and, if they're there, see if you're a match!   son heung-min, stefan kiessling and hakan calhanoglu were the goalscorers for leverkusen.   son of nevada rancher cliven bundy arrested in utah (reuters) - the son of a nevada rancher who was at the center of an armed stand-off with federal agents in a dispute over cattle grazing rights last year has been arrested in utah, officials said.   sonora was the first mexican state to ban bullfights in .   sony also reversed a year-earlier operating loss although sales ticked down . percent to . trillion yen.   sony and marvel also announced that holland's first standalone film as the wall-crawler will be directed by jon watts.   sony forecast its mobile division to post a full-year operating loss of billion yen, steeper than the billion yen loss it had expected in october.   "sony made so much money off of the ps.   soon after, at the criminal trial, dr. noriega’s lawyer used his records to cross-examine her on everything from drug use to the colour of her thong underwear.   soon after his arrival there, his father says that he and his wife began receiving bills from a denton-area pharmacy.   soon after, the faa issued a waiver excusing scaled composites from those requirements, even though the company had never asked for it.   "so once you come out, dressed up, and dance, eat, and play with your father, it's kind of a nice day."   sooner than you may think.   soon, faraj said, ncis investigators were scrutinizing hassoun's relatives, "hoping to hit a jackpot" by tying them to a terror group.   soon mom is seeing him too.   soon the country's only national court will be challenged in a referendum by bosnian serbs.   so, on top of whatever else we think about utley’s slide, it’s results and the suspension, the appeal and hearing process is likely to be controversial too.   sophia vodniza, a -year-old student at kelvin high school, says the people behind the social media polls are 'mean and hateful.'   sophie, i saw, was talking to a policeman stretched out in a parked sidecar.   sophisticated sf humor stands on the high end of the comedy spectrum.   sophomores khalia lark, a -foot wing, and kelli kingma, a - guard, likely round out the rotation.   sophomore success making reloaded! was easy in one regard: there was a lot of snow to ride in last winter during filming.   so please take this opportunity to be gracious, understanding, compliant.   so pushing the two services together has some obvious logic.   soriot did not mention wilmington at all during the news conference in cambridge.   sorry, comments are not enabled for this article.   sort and organize, but don't hide your housemate's stuff or risk an outburst.   so she decided to sell her artisan soaps, forming the canyon creek soap co. in amarillo, tex., in .   so, she does indeed tweet about women in tech.   so she let us in on how she manages it.   so she’ll feel lighter right away.”   so should european unity.   so slow has the influx of goods been that the united nations last month said it could take years to repair the damage.   so somehow we’ve tacked a hundred bucks past inflation onto the value of what is euphemistically still called the city’s arts festival.   so sorry kids, chances are you won't be spending your time drinking martinis, driving aston martins, and flying helicopters upside down.   so that being said, it is going to enhance the rivalry, there is no question about it,” he added.   so that makes it very exciting," bennett says.   so that's nearly , more individuals trying to get to work and clogging up roadways.   so the - final score was somewhat inflated.   so the company needs to find ways to cut back spending — and it's turning to its employees to make up some of that extra cash.   so the law was changed to account for say repeated withdrawals of $, over a regular period.   so then i'm ok, 'like where?'   so then, why is it spreading in south korea?   so the obama administration late last year announced funding for , law enforcement cameras, and police departments across the country have been adopting cameras more rapidly ever since.   so, the parties do have at least a reason to talk."   so the real question i asked myself when i heard this person say they have a good life, was, do i have one?   so the refugees think, who's this?   “so there is no need to amend the constitution on this particular issue, let alone put it in the same article with the voting age, which is articulated in the current constitution,” she said.   "so there will be teaching sessions, there will be educationals, there will be memos, there will be everything, any way you can get the information out.   so the state has the tools and the potential to fight the mob -- and not the other way round.   "so they'll start with the students in kindergarten," he explains, "and when the students move to grade , that educational assistant will follow."   so they must be encouraged to move away before the exhumation can commence.   so thinks bud caddell, founding member of consulting firm nobl who has set as a goal converting the company - currently configured as an llc - into a worker-owned cooperative by january .   so this current situation is mortifying and for these traumatised women it can cause so much anxiety that some can't even sleep.   so, this story i’ve always told myself about myself might not be quite true.   so those are some of the areas that i think we've got to move on.   so to all of you who are formula feeders, here is my letter to you.   "so today - with one voice - we launch our collective fightback against those who wish to do us harm."   “so to me, i am pleased for the guys.   so travelling before that time is the safest."   so tsipras' comments signaled an important concession to brussels and berlin.   sounds impressive already.   so until he tested it, and we waited through the week to test it.   sour beers are becoming more in vogue, and a lot of people seemed to enjoy it."   source: cnn added on gmt ( hkt) june , an indonesian military spokesman says a military cargo plane has crashed in the indonesian city of medan.   source gmr marketing see more news releases in journalists and bloggers visit pr newswire for journalists, our free resources for releases, photos and customized feeds.   source: lightning likely the cause of church fire macy's dumps donald trump over controversial comments what's next for donald trump?   sources familiar with lohan's volunteer work said she exceeded the hours ordered by superior court judge mark young, logging roughly hours.   south africa dropped three places to fifth — england are stable in fourth — having lost all three of their rugby championship matches.   south africa has not lost a test away from home in more than eight years but india's team director ravi shastri eyes a chance for the virat kohli-led side.   south africans have dominated the event, winning the last five editions and six of eight overall.   south africa's oscar pistorius starts in the men's -metre semifinal during the summer olympics in london.   south africa, they mocked, had the only leader in the west who was negotiating himself, his party and his people out of power.   south africa won the recent twenty series -.   southampton midfielder eljero elia, , posted a picture of himself in the dressing room with his man-of-the-match award after scoring twice in his team's - win at newcastle.   south bay oil blob cleanup continues mysterious oil continues to damper official efforts to reopen beaches on a . mile stretch of the south bay.   south carolina had the cheapest gas for the fourth year in a row.   south carolina had the lowest costs at $. million.   south carolina police officer charged with murder south carolina police officer charged with murder : somehow, that traffic stop led to both men outside, as seen on a witness' video.   south carolina sen. lindsey graham made himself the ninth republican candidate to announce his candidacy.   southeast asian markets were mostly higher.   southeast asia's exodus of boat people has been fanned by persecution and poverty.   southeast posted a . on floor while centenary finished with ..   “southerners are a good fit for sports,” tang, who grew up in the northern province of heilongjiang, said.   southern had the worst score of any service, with % of passengers reporting a delay on their last journey.   southern manitobans woke up to temperatures of about – c. the mercury will creep up and over degrees and should hit the c mark in the early afternoon.   south hull elementary school.   south korea kicked off their bid for a first asian cup title in years with a - win over oman in their group a opener yesterday, but the victory came at a cost with injuries to key players.   south korean customers are local government offices as there is no government subsidy for consumers.   south korean economists came to pakistan to study its methods.   south korea's big surfing wave : play video coming from seoul, i was skeptical about how different one jjimjilbang could be from any other.   south korea's kospi was little changed at ,..   south korea’s largest automaker company will have to sell at least percent more than its monthly average this year in december to reach its full-year target of . million vehicles.   south wales police believe the man is from baglan but he has yet to be formally identified.   southwest's lane england collected first team ozark conference baseball honors this season.   "so, we are testing it with users and household objects and trying to come to a compromise that means it is very affordable and still has enough power to do most of the stuff that people want."   "so we basically have a heater the size of a blow dryer heating a , square foot house."   "so, we did the interview over the phone because he was concerned about that."   "so we'd like to remind people 'take those packages out of your car and then lock it up!'   so we have come full circle in a way.   so we just had to prepare, and ultimately, regardless of who is pitching, we just need to have good at-bats and see the ball.   "so, we're able to print something in far fewer pieces and then have flexible joints.   "so we're literally talking about a half-inch lower or had the firefighter standing next to him been about inches forward it would have been a direct shot the head," alter said.   "so, we see some really extreme movements, and then we see some fairly small ones," said brook.   "so we still see a lot of people coming back to access old photos.   "so we wanted to shake things up a bit and come up with some beers that are different from what people are used to drinking in belgium."   so what about the story?   so what about windows update for business?   so what can we do against so monstrous a lie?   so what does science tell us?   so what do you do if you're a young person with limited connectivity?   so what happens is that when you insert your disc into the xbox one, you’ll have to download the modified version of said game.   so what it means is we just have to recalibrate a few things around advertising and expenditures," said charlottetown ndp candidate joe byrne.   so what's next for keurig stock?   so what’s wrong with that?   so what was he looking at?   so what was really weird but also interesting was they said, "okay, well herb, why don't you write the first fifteen hundred words and come up with chapter titles."   "so what we are going to do is come with a striking design."   so when a vintage is declared, this is something special.   so when he first came across gissendaner, he understood how she, too, had found god and theology.   so when i'm in utah at the sundance festival, and an asian brother comes up to me and breaks down in my arms, and says, "mo'nique, i am mary jones," do you know that's the biggest award you could receive?   so when the phrase "once in a blue moon" was coined, it meant something so rare you'd be lucky (or unlucky) to see in your lifetime, according to nasa's national space science data center.   "so when you change time zones, adjust your mealtimes and skip your normal workouts, you can get backed up."   so when you hear laughter or cheering in the next room, you might want to check your phone, tablet or laptop to watch it when the online video catches up.   so, whether you're constructing an apartment building, the alterations for your new office space or a custom home, learn from the painful lessons of others.   so while hammering the leafs looks good on the jets right now, let's just wait and see how it holds up through the next couple weeks.   so, while it is all dependent on the overall market, ponsi could easily see the stock hitting $ without much difficulty.   so while it's a huge move for hulu, there's still an open door for future licensing deals to be excluded from the ad-free content grouping.   "so who's going to watch these people when they go out on parole?" he said.   so who's no. ? and remember, the committee is judging the teams' full body of work.   so why are we surprised at people hating us?   so why bother doing these experiments at all?   so why not consider a local indie theater that cashes in on the trend toward combining movies with meals?   so will keeping u.s. forces in afghanistan even longer suddenly transform afghan forces into an effective fighting machine, even with continued supporting u.s. air strikes?   soybean farmers are expected to grow nearly . billion bushels, down percent from last year's record crop.   so yesterday i pointed out @realdonaldtrump is a substance-free narcissist… all he heard was a stray comment about his hair…i rest my case.   so, yes you may have been driving, but you may have been stationary at the time.   soylent via facebook though it might as well be, schmoylent isn't a parody of soylent, the meal replacement beverage invented in by a -year-old who later constipated himself to keep from flushing the toilet.   so you brush yourself off and you put on a fucking stiff upper lip and you get on with it.   so, you know: deal.   so you'll be in charge, of course."   so you're saying that some people are working on mighty no. , but others are finished with their work?   soyuz spacecraft are certified to stay in space for just six months, so the vehicle that brought kelly and kornienko up cannot take them down again in march .   "space station is a magical place."   spaghetti-strap dress saw a picture of bardot in a dress shaped like this.   spain's feliciano lopez leads the seedings, ahead of south african kevin anderson, spaniard tommy robredo and leonardo mayer of argentina.   spanish fork police officer tyler beddoes said.   spanish prime minister mariano rajoy said the refugee crisis was "the most important challenge facing the eu."   sparavigna used online software to calculate the angles at which the solstice sun rises and sets at the fort.   s. payrolls will be the focus, but i doubt it will change the current debate over whether the federal reserve will hike rates in the near term or not."   speaker of the house john boehner (r-ohio) leaves a church service on capitol hill on jan. , , the first day of the th congress.   speaker paul ryan, r-wis., was the bearded man at the capitol on monday, showing off plenty of facial hair in what his office called his "hunting beard" that he began growing saturday at "deer camp."   speaking about the latest greek proposal, the eu official said the creditors insist that loans must come with conditions.   speaking in your native tongue makes everything a little bit easier.   speaking of pluto, the most famous of the dwarf planets gets its own visitor in july.   speaking on tvn, szpakowski said the structure was part of the "riese" (giant) system of railway tunnels, corridors and shelters that the nazis were building during world war ii in the mountains around the city of walbrzych.   speaking to abc, an egyptian government official conceded a bomb was now “the most plausible scenario.”   speaking to afp in beirut, where hrw presented its report, roth said: "the west is not going to succeed in stopping isis if it allows isis to say that it's the only one trying to stop assad's barrel bombs."   speaking to information morning fredericton, robichaud said the numbers tell a story.   speaking to reporters after a briefing at the pentagon on monday, obama warned the war "will not be quick.   speaking with mustafa, a -year-old tank driver for the ypg fighters, who was set to return to battle in a few days, it became evident that the freedom fighters had never wanted to fight and hoped to never need to do so again.   spearman fire chief roger close says the reason that carbon monoxide is such a danger is because our body likes it better than oxygen.   special ballot problems in a special ballot, voters are given a blank paper to write their choice.   special coverage: how degrees are key to climate change but francis has set his sights far beyond the circle of his church.   specialist task forces are put together on an ad-hoc basis when an investigation into a serious crime is launched, she said.   specializing in direct marketing, the firm meet with their client's customers in person in order to build stronger relationships and deliver the high level of customer service that consumers crave.   special plans for small business saturday?   special reports: the idea factory america in business class try the week magazine scotus: americans born in jerusalem can't list israel as birthplace on passports public school poverty is bad.   special reports: the idea factory the future of main street try the week magazine i hate scary movies.   special to the times president nixon met with calif. gov. ronald reagan, left, and wash.   special units blocked off large sections of the district, police tape was everywhere and officers guarded the entrances to some streets.   species that have been sighted or reintroduced to the area since the accident, but were not found there previously, such as european bison and lynx, were not included.   specifically, the thoroughly b-grade cgi water that appears in two different establishing shots of futuristic, waterfall-adorned architecture.   specific loss-absorbing debt hasn't even been proposed, even though it is needed for ola to work effectively."   specific reasons for the extraordinary alert in brussels weren't disclosed, but michel said saturday that authorities had reason to suspect possible attacks in more than one location.   spectators distinctly heard a second detonation about two minutes later.   speculation about when the fed will begin to raise rates has dogged wall street for several months, with the picture complicated by recent market turbulence that some see as justification for the central bank to hold off.   speculation has grown, however, that the suspect might be part of a group seeking to avenge thailand's forced repatriation of ethnic uighurs to china in july.   speed cameras should make journeys safer rather than lead to dangerous braking."   spencer didn't just take photos of famous criminals — she also captured the everyday life and faces of kamloops from the turn of the th century.   spencer kuvin, ms goins' lawyer, said the model had decided to come forward after hearing other women's accounts, which made her realise she may have a valid case against the -year-old comedian.   spend time researching and different areas of the city if you can, and check walkability scores on zillow listings.   spiegel: ambition and envy must play a role, too.   spiegel: and how do you want to bring your faith closer to people?   spiegel: and is it in place now?   spiegel: and then there is also your desire for light-wheeled tanks, even though there is concern in berlin that these vehicles could be used against protesters.   spiegel: but we're asking you.   spiegel: do you still trust this strategic partnership?   spiegel: in , legal proceedings were initiated against you because of what one of the main characters in your book, "the bastard of istanbul," said about the armenian genocide.   spiegel online: can't raw data also be manipulated?   spiegel online: the question is whether it is politically wise because of the boost it could provide him domestically.   spiegel: schäuble is concerned that the case of greece could send the wrong message.   spiegel: us secretary of state john kerry recently said: "there are obviously supplies that have been coming from iran.   spiegel: where would you be today, if as a young doctor you had decided to accept the bribe from the pharmaceutical company?   spieth has previous playing experience at chambers bay from the us amateur, but he plans to take advantage of greller’s extensive caddying knowledge of the links-style layout.   spieth might find comfort in another reference.   spieth was poised to become the youngest masters winner and the first masters debutante champion since fuzzy zoeller in before faltering.   spieth, who overtook rory mcilroy to become no. in the wold golf rankings, finished with a final round and was playing for a chance to join ben hogan () and tiger woods () as the only golfers to win three majors in one season.   spike lee rips nyc gentrification spike lee rips nyc gentrification : "a lot of people have opinions about the so-called title of the film who know nothing about the film," lee told reporters.   spirit seems to have tapped into a market of consumers who choose low price at the expense of service.   spoiler alert: do not read if you haven't seen the series finale of "glee."   sponsored by st mary's medical center.   sponsored links by gravity segway mobility scooter parents suggest a correction click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent huffpost daily brief get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   sports illustrated senior writer peter king wrote that in covering football for sixteen years he had never seen anything like that, and “if you think that plays well in the locker room, you’re right.”   spotify is no longer just a music service created with sketch.   spotify said it does not comment on rumors.   spotify update adds support for the new chromecast receiver spotify released version . for both ios and android on monday, a software update that finally enables support for the newly released chromecast.   "spotlight" joins a relatively short list of films to feature realistic journalists as heroes.   spread across two floors, the exhibit will feature replicas of characters from both the original and prequel trilogies, including luke skywalker, darth vader and yoda.   s. president george w. bush, center, greets then-new york city mayor rudy giuliani, left, and then-new york governor george pataki september , in new york.   springhillian issue be the first to know about new publications.   spring valley - beau simpson scored three goals, including two in the span of two minutes, to lead huntington high to a - victory over lincoln county in the class aaa region iv section semifinals at spring valley last tuesday night.   sproule filed a complaint with halifax police and a charge of fraud has been laid against gray in her case.   spurred by this healthy competition -- a recipe that surely includes equal parts economics and prestige -- it was porsche whose results in the all-electric category, that garnered the most attention at iaa.   spx> has dropped percent or more.   spx) traded down points, or . percent, at ,, with utilities leading eight sectors lower and energy and materials the only advancers.   spy agencies target mobile phones, app stores to implant spyware mysterious tools made before humans existed gmo debate shows big opinion gap between scientists, public over safety did early man communicate with cave signs?   squarespace - use code "cnet" for % off!   squatting movement goblet squat squatting without weight or with a water bottle are suggested modifications for younger children.   squeeze the triceps and hold for a second in this contracted position.   s. relations (liam richards/canadian press) "given the facts of the project as canvassed by the u.s. state department, this decision is more about u.s. domestic politics than it is about good environmental policy," he said in a statement.   ss> after china's first low-cost carrier took off in .   "ss members such as groening who took part in the murder of our families have created lifelong and unbearable suffering for us," they said in a statement.   sspringfield, ore. - officers found two bodies in a home after forcing entry tuesday and taking an injured man into custody, springfield police said.   s stands for simple. stands for fourth-generation.   stable groom kumar sukhraj is also worried about what he'll do next.   stacey marshall tabor took her daughter to the store right after she had been dancing in her regalia to celebrate mi'kmaq history month — regalia that looked similar to the costumes in the store.   staff of the public disclosure commission recommended the commission refer the case to the state attorney general to take legal action against eyman and two political committees he helps run.   stafford got the go-ahead goal at : of the second when he got his own rebound and flipped a backhand over miller for his sixth of the season.   staff sgt. doug andrus said antoni's husband has been co-operative and is not a suspect at this time.   staff there need to recognize symptoms and deliver intravenous clot-busting therapy and other treatments such as retrievable stents or an experimental neuroprotectant drug when appropriate.   stairs can also guard against binging, desimone pointed out.   st. amand also would like to see improvements to communication immediately, and suggests facebook pages for districts and schools.   standard features include a rear-view camera and a usb connection for music and mobile phone.   standard & poor's and s&p are registered trademarks of standard & poor’s financial services llc and dow jones is a registered trademark of dow jones trademark holdings llc.   stand for love.   standouts in this focused show were geometric mini shift dresses and some enviable suede jackets.   stanford coach david shaw would.   stanford graduates posted an average gain of percent.   stanford over ucla - cardinals fly over the radar.   stannis is indeed a powerful character in the series.   stan was a man after god's own heart.   star batsman kumar sangakkara () and lahiru thirimanne () were dismissed in the morning session.   starboard has had success in pushing for changes at companies where it acquired larger positions.   starbucks' total revenue increased percent to $. billion in its fiscal year and its adjusted net income per share rose percent to $..   "stardust memories" documents this identity crisis.   starnes added that he thought the soviet leader joseph stalin "would be bursting with pride."   star rookies connor mcdavid and jack eichel are likely to be on that roster.   stars such as beyonce, david beckham and megan fox have modeled his perfumes or underwear.   started out: as a stand-up comic on the syndicated tv show 'solid gold.'   starting from this notion of the living environment, the territory is understood as a living matter in which nature and architecture blend.   starting in , teens and older could buy it over the counter; age limits were lifted two years ago.   starting in around , groups of uighurs have traveled across southeast asia from china hoping to reach turkey to claim asylum from what they say persecution by chinese authorities.   starting last year, many top bay area tech companies began releasing diversity statistics, generally reporting around one quarter of their top employees were women.   starting your own business may sound grand at first, but if you’re in that percent that doesn’t make it for the long haul, you might be back to your job search sooner than you think.   start the bidding as low as you reasonably can, but not so low that you will seem like an uninformed buyer.   starwood's (hot) app will allow some guests to use their apple watch to learn when their room is ready, get the room number and unlock the door at certain hotels.   state broadcaster yle reports that others among the - or -strong crowd of anti-refugee protesters launched fireworks at a bus of asylum seekers arriving in the country.   state department spokesman john kirby said he didn’t know whether kerry would raise the airline issue.   state employees must fear being added to kenyatta's long "list of shame" and face prosecution, while companies breaching the code risk being blacklisted for "not less than years," the president warned.   state law allows for recanvassing, essentially a review of vote totals by county, only if a county clerk or a county board of elections notices a discrepancy or if a candidate makes a written request to the secretary of state.   statement from minister of health sharon blady: we would like to provide all health-care services at no cost to manitoba patients and we realize that ambulance fees can be a financial strain for patients who don’t have insurance.   state pension payments are squeezing spending on essential state services and a law aimed at easing a $ billion unfunded liability is being challenged in court by unions and others.   state police also investigated the daly incident, but the attorney general's office successfully fought a motion to release the investigative report as part of a federal lawsuit filed by daly that the state paid $, to settle.   state safety inspectors have six months to investigate and report on the incident, including any citations or fines that might be issued should workplace infractions be found.   states and local school districts decide which standardized assessments to use to gauge student learning and progress in those two subjects and others.   state's attorney brandon zanotti says the judge continued monday's court hearing, so vaughn's attorney could have more time to gather court documents.   states can still borrow, and sometimes do, and it's worth looking for possible policy advances in this space.   states overestimated how much water the river would deliver in the compact, raising the possibility of cuts.   state stores offer another level of flexibility.   statewide, the fires have destroyed about square miles ( square kilometers) and buildings.   statoil requested an extension for chukchi leases.   stats can only tell us so much.   statue of liberty's illustrious history photos clouds roll in over the statue of liberty in .   stayed on top really well, covered guys throughout.   stay: first opened in , the luxury kulm hotel offers top-rate accommodation for those who like their champagne cold and their bank accounts anonymous.   staying bullish in a sideways market published june , facebook twitter livefyre email print this sideways market is very annoying!   "staying in a log cabin in tofino and we thought a truck had hit something," tweeted one resident.   staying in the same place would also avoid displacing blue & gold fleet, pier ’s current longtime tenant.   staying on top of which officer is working when and where, invoicing the clients, and doing this in a way which is considered fair to all the officers - it gets difficult.   steele had to settle for pars.   steele said women, especially those who have been the victim of sexual assault, should be aware of all options available to them when it comes to avoiding pregnancy.   stefani teased, clearly picking up on the reference to her ex.   stefan webber spoke with sönje storm monastery of corvey officially declared world heritage the benedictine monastery of corvey was declared a unesco site a year ago.   steinberg is the former coo and president of buzzfeed.   stephanie branton, , was first on the cover of the popular men's magazine in september, fulfilling a dream she's had for years.   stephen colbert will take over as late show host in september.   stephen green, who was head of hsbc at the time of the alleged wrongdoing, was appointed to the house of lords by prime minister david cameron's conservatives in , and served as a trade minister.   stephen it was . per cent and in moncton-richibucto it was . per cent.   stephen lee, head scientist at the u.s. army research office, downplayed any parallel between the research and the exploits of hannibal, the general of ancient carthage who crossed the alps with elephants.   stephen massocca, chief investment officer with wedbush equity management llc in san francisco, said he thinks greece will ultimately exit the euro, but that the european central bank will "step up to the plate" to contain the damage.   stephens could face the two-time champion in the last but she starts against venus.   "stephen's legacy will benefit so many other young people diagnosed with cancer in the future."   stephen somerstein/new york historical society dr. martin luther king jr. speaking to , civil rights marchers in montgomery, .   stephens said that while departments around the country receive training to de-escalate and avoid using force in a situation with an unstable person, it's not always possible to do so.   stepping into hbo’s subscription-only chamber meant being part of a prestige brand: no ads, that gorgeous hissing logo, critical bennies.   stereoscopic d can be jarring, with complicated worlds often appearing slightly out of focus.   stericycle did not return cnn's calls.   sterner emphasizes that instead of comparing a country’s productivity with other countries’, the researchers compared each country with itself during times of differing temperature for this study.   stettenbenz died after his motorcycle was struck by a semi-truck at the intersection of highway east and rock house road, near the echo clinic, at : p.m. saturday.   steve kessell generates more electricity than he can use steve kessell, who runs a bed and breakfast in wadebridge, installed solar panels three years ago.   steven fielding, professor of political history at nottingham university, said corbyn’s rise had “taken everyone by surprise,” yet even opponents concede his campaign has energized a cohort of enthusiastic, and often young, supporters.   steven rattner, the investor who was the first head of the white house auto task force, said the threat to u.s. jobs was a concern then and now.   stevens made $ by having a friend pawn shauna tiaffay's engagement ring, the prosecutor said, and told various people he'd been promised thousands of dollars for her killing.   stevenson has returned to ceremonial guard duties in the ottawa area for the coming season, at his request, but will not be standing guard at the tomb of the unknown soldier.   steve schale, a democratic strategist in florida with draft biden, a political action committee established to lay the groundwork for a biden run, said more voters would be likely to support biden once he has officially launched a campaign.   steve tobak is a management consultant, columnist, former senior executive and author of the upcoming book, “real leaders don’t follow: being extraordinary in the age of the entrepreneur."   stewart also described trouble hennessey was having at work on the switchboard at the queen elizabeth hospital.   stewart living omnimedia inc. became beset by the same challenges facing the entire media industry as her fans went online to get tips on cooking and decorating.   stewart says his department is considering a number of options from renovations, to completely remodelling and rebuilding the jail.   stewart was not indicted by a grand jury, and ontario county (n.   stibbe says police are looking for a white, four door s-class mercedes benz produced between and that would have obvious damage to its front left side.   sticking to her ethos of authenticity, sykes has earned respect and admiration from fellow comedians and the public alike for comedy that always features her distinctive point of view.   stieg larsson's 'millennium' series in film oscar nomination rooney mara was nominated for an oscar for her performance as lisbeth salander in "the girl with the dragon tattoo."   stigma against reporting sex assault persists the video is just a part of the university's programming this year to combat sexual assault on campus and provide services for victims.   still, as much as a third of uaw's membership has yet to vote, so it's possible the deal could narrowly pass. final results are expected either late wednesday or thursday.   still, blatter wants to hang on and shape overdue reforms of fifa now being demanded even by long-loyal world cup sponsor coca-cola.   still, chinese automakers mostly sell at home, where the china association of automobile manufacturers reports they had . percent of the market in .   still from the boy and the beast.   still, he acknowledges that life as he has known it is all but over.   still, idaho gov. c.l. "butch" otter reached a settlement agreement with the company in — long before any law enforcement investigation had been completed.   still, i would have thought that the insults and demeaning queries would have ended on that joyful day that i was able to step into a size pair of jeans.   still, just restarting the peace process by itself will not suffice.   still only , the woman who shot to stardom years ago as "posh spice" in a manufactured pop band, said she still gets "oh my god moments" when thinking about how successful her clothing line has become.   still, sittig believes chipotle doesn't need a massive ad campaign, noting the company doesn't do a lot of advertising in the first place.   still, that's enough for users to be able pick up and manipulate small objects they were not able to before.   still, the administration's sign-up target for , the president's last full year in office, is modest: million people enrolled and paying premiums at the end of the year, an increase of about percent.   still, the carrier warned of delays this week due to "temperature-related speed restrictions."   still, the cost-to-value numbers aren't encouraging in this year's market.   still, the fact that a spy could live under an assumed identity in the united states for almost two decades without detection was a massive embarrassment for the fbi.   still, the impact on markets and the economy from previous attacks in madrid () and london () faded quickly, and some experts believe france will bounce back too.   still, the overwhelming number of complaints has been with various models of samsung tvs.   still, this came out of nowhere.   still, upshaw was a force from the start.   still, washington is choosing its words carefully as it looks to sustain a -year-relationship with thailand, which has traditionally served as a hub for u.s. government engagement in southeast asia.   still, while that helped, it wasn’t enough to get mccluskey off the ground.   still working through the latest swing change of his career after recovering from back surgery, woods has endured a dismal campaign featuring three missed cuts, a withdrawal and just two top- finishes in nine starts.   stindl volleyed home on minutes to double the lead, with johnson racing to clear beat the visiting goalkeeper five minutes later.   stirling times reporter julian wright runs away with the circus.   st. louis county police chief said his priorities remain the safety of the community and his officers.   st. louis failed in efforts earlier this osseason to retain outfielder jason heyward and add pitcher david price.   st lucia is in my blood so i take her everywhere i go.   st. martin's press: pp. $. in some ways, tatjana soli's novel "the last good paradise" reminded me of the movie "couples retreat," starring vince vaughn, malin ackerman and jon favreau.   stocks close mixed ahead of key employment report cnbc hrs ago evelyn cheng stocks closed mixed as investors eyed fluctuations in oil prices and awaited friday's monthly jobs report before the federal reserve's key september meeting.   stocks sold for a loss can be used to offset any capital gains taxes for the year.   stone also writes that candidate was originally supposed to be former florida gov. jeb bush, and that bush has fallen to fifth place in the face of trump's "low energy" attacks.   stone, an off-duty member of the u.s. air force, was first to the gunman, who slashed him in the neck and almost sliced off his thumb with a box utter.   stone curbs were once common in walkerville but are now a rarity, with this stretch of kildare added by city council to the heritage register in .   stones at refugio state beach lay splattered with a jet black tar, like goo, which can only be crude oil.   stones keeper lee worgan picture: martin apps collin started the first two games for united in national league south before losing his place.   stools are popular, and burnham says designers in her office love the simple, clean look of a row of stools arranged along a bar or kitchen island.   stop at the park and welcome him aboard!   stopping woodinville’s run woodinville mounted its run late in the second half by putting the pressure on defensively.   storage ponds will be double geo-synthetic lined with leak collection and recovery systems installed between the layers.   storey county had the highest percentage of drinkers in nevada, with percent of men and percent of women having had at least one drink in the last days.   stories you might have missed train fares set to rise from today kent's landmarks get stamp of approval woman dies after crash with parked car friends rescue man from drowning in river click here for more news from sevenoaks.   story continues below..   stoxx) up percent in mid-morning trade.   stragusto, july - galway international oyster and seafood festival (galway, ireland) this annual bash on the west coast of ireland has been going since .   stranger things have happened.   strasburg buried pena in an - count in the second before throwing four straight balls.   strategically important property of the state may not be privatized, he said.   strathcona county officials said there were two separate brush fires burning.   streets have been empty, markets less crowded.   streets were flooded after tropical storm erika passed through roseau, dominica, on friday.   stretches built in other eras make up an overall length estimated at up to , kilometers.   stretch this way, extend that way, control itself.   striker derlis gonzalez was the hero for paraguay, slotting a second-half penalty to level the match at - before then stepping up to rifle home the decisive spotkick to clinch a - win in the shoot-out.   "strikes are possible in the following weeks as well," he added.   "strong defenses are necessary for our long-term security.   stronger jobs numbers could help the federal reserve decide on the first u.s. rate hike in nearly a decade, sending the dollar higher.   “stronger u.s. and california demand” also boosted costs, she said, the highest price for gasoline in the lower states among the markets surveyed was in los angeles, at $. a gallon, lundberg said.   strong ideas navid kermani became well-known through his talk show appearances and his books.   strong safety kam chancellor and cornerbacks richard sherman and byron maxwell also will get their shots as the patriots use gronkowski on the line, in the slot and out wide.   strong visuals (robrecht heyvaert, cinematography) and sound (hannes de maeyer, composer; joeri verspecht, sound engineer).   stropnicky said the attack pointed "to the radicalisation of certain groups that stand against the values we hold", but did not go into detail.   struck three times commentary on the videos on facebook indicates the animal was struck by the car three times before a shot was heard.   • structural weaknesses such as tight, v-shaped forks that may split.   stuart, a stay-at-home defenseman, opened the scoring : into the first period with his second goal of the season when he pinched in from the blue line and a drew stafford pass from behind the net found its way to his stick.   stuart ritter, a senior financial planner at t. rowe price, frames that concept around inflation.   stuart zanone celebrates scoring for ashford picture: matt bristow beckenham town striker jamie humphries leads the race for the league’s golden boot with goals.   stubhub: which lets you peek at ticket info and pricing (though not events as a whole).   students living in luxury complexes have nearly everything they need, but it comes with a price.   students said they left halls on thursday but those from rural areas were unable to return home due to road blocks.   students surrender goat after three-hour chase through town days ago columbia, s.c., sept. (upi) -- a group of south carolina students said they are giving up their pet after an hourslong wild goat chase involving dozens of pursuers.   students travis hynes and vanessa lewis say the vapour cigarettes come in different flavours and taste better than tobacco.   studies also point to health dangers of too much standing.   studies have suggested that you're at higher risk than the general population of suffering a heart attack while you're running a marathon, but the rest of the time, your risk is much lower.   “studies that look specifically at weight loss are very limited,” said coauthor irene… jailed addict needs release from his low self-esteem dear abby: i'm years old and currently in the county jail.   study: bad neighborhoods linked to faster cellular aging days ago pittsburgh, june (upi) -- study finds people who live in bad, or perceived bad areas, are biologically years older than those of the same chronological age who live in good areas.   study in nature geoscience audios and videos on the topic life on mars?   study: methane emissions rise as arctic sea ice melts day ago lund, sweden, sept. (upi) -- researchers in sweden say climate change in the arctic is caught in a vicious circle -- a feedback loop of warming and melting, melting and warming.   "study of the bones may shed light on when humans arrived in the americas, a topic of debate among archaeologists," the ap said.   "stuff happens during the game, man."   stylish design defines apple’s products and its corporate reputation.   subscribe bob condotta what are some keys to the seattle seahawks-arizona cardinals game sunday?   subscribe now: forbes’ entrepreneur newsletter all the trials and triumphs of starting up – delivered right to your inbox.   subscribe to the bbc news magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox.   subscribe to the podcast via the links below.   subscribe to this entry duwayne anderson about bcss teacher raises on tap?   subsequent dynasties valued dogs as helpers and hunting buddies.   subsequent investigation by cbs has revealed "plenty of lockboxes, keyless doors, and neighbors who knew exactly why we were there," citing units that were sold and immediately appeared to have a revolving door of out-of-town guests.   substitute carlos discua cut the us lead to one goal just five minutes later with a clever move to split the us defense and hammer a shot over the left shoulder of goalkeeper brad guzan.   success followed, but also trouble.   successful sites and campaigns will cater to their valued audience by making balanced decisions that look beyond just short-term success, and instead to long-term viability.   success is a long time coming photos eight seasons as the famously prickly dr. gregory house won hugh laurie numerous fans but nothing significant in the way of awards.   such actions are allowed temporarily under eu law based on "serious threat to public policy or internal security."   such an inflatable heat shield could help a spacecraft reach the high-altitude southern plains of mars and other areas that would otherwise be inaccessible under existing technology.   such a practice will find no place in an fnm government.   sucharita mulpuru-kodali, vice president and principal analyst at forrester, pointed out that even digital-native millennials are shopping in stores like j.c. penney and sears.   "such a simple thing as a dog license could keep that pet with that person," said weise, adding that she often met people who would feed their dog before themselves.   such disruption has become common as some , migrants, mostly from africa and the middle east, have set up camp around the northern french port and regularly try to board trucks travelling by the rail tunnel or by ferry to britain.   such incidents, due to their visibility and shock value, often end up getting a tremendous amount of negative media attention.   such issuance has already hit us$. billion this year, compared with us$. billion for the whole of last year, data compiled by bloomberg showed.   such is the conventional wisdom among jury consultants and other legal experts who say the question of whether tsarnaev receives a death sentence will be all but decided during jury selection.   such is the state of affairs in the beleaguered seaport city of karachi.   such monuments were references held in common, regardless of sect or politics.   such organizations must also disclose their donors.   such plans are very rare now, says morrow.   such programs are in place all over the world and seem successful: school kids get similar results in reading and maths and some of the initiatives have been credited for improving standards at schools.   such research could be exploited for non-therapeutic modifications," they wrote.   such things work great—on anything that isn't approaching the speed of sound.   such undramatic facts are seldom widely reported, because by the time they become known, the breach story itself has faded from the news cycle.   sudbury ontario byelection kathleen wynne made no job offers, andrew olivier says elections ontario said there will be polling stations around the city, the same number as the last general election in june.   suddenly everyone on the planet had access to ridiculous amounts of cheap, light, pliable metal.   suddenly, you're in a whimsical bar with a pirate serving drinks.   sudhin thanawala view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   sue was preceded in death by her parents; husband; three sisters; one brother; a son-in-law, frank bower; and by a great-grandson, brentin lee hausmann.   suffering defeats to hockomock league powers oliver ames and franklin twice each in the past four years, the rockets have watched other teams advance to the final and be crowned south champion.   sugar is hard to avoid, even for people who don't consider themselves to have a sweet tooth.   suggest a correction click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   suicide is not about trying to hurt your loved ones.   suicide remains the most common cause of death in men under the age of . over a quarter (%) of - year old males who die take their own lives, compared to % amongst women.   summary executions -- en masse -- are part of its mode of warfare.   summer ain't even really got going yet..   summer bellessa, founder of eliza magazine and one-half of the brains and beauty that make up the show "the girls with glasses," recruited her -year-old son, rockwell, to be her fashion guru for the week.   summer can be an incredibly lonely time, seeming to stretch on forever if things are difficult.   summer memories with my family❤️❤️ pic.   summers, , was arrested a month later in a drug and alcohol treatment facility in a tiny village on the coast of mexico between tijuana and ensenada.   sumwalt has said already that there would have been no derailment if technology known as positive train control had been in place on the fateful override track to overrule an errant, oblivious or incapacitated engineer.   sunday on tv: - p.m., golf channel scott hanson: -- or shanson@seattletimes.com no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   sunday’s game on nbc drew . million local viewers, compared with . million on fox in .   sunday's protests in são paulo were peaceful and mostly in the spirit of modern democracies.   sun exposure is a primary cause.   sun, jan , - page ‘horror dentist’ sent to psych unit afp, bourges, france a dutch dentist suspected of mutilating dozens of patients in france has been detained in a prison psychiatric unit, a judicial source said.   sun, may , - page asian stocks climb from low before us jobs report asian stocks rose on friday, after the regional benchmark index closed on thursday at its lowest in a month, as investors awaited us labor data.   sunni activists accuse the kurdish militia of violations in territories under their control, including arbitrary arrests and summary execution, according to al-raqawi.   sunni muslims make up the vast majority, but there is a sizeable shiite population, particularly in iran.   "sunnis make up the majority of muslims in cameroon, but they are also shi'ites and there is no objective reason to exclude them because they are part of the bigger islam family," he said.   sunrise is the priority registration period for trademark holders who have validated tm's through the icann trademark clearinghouse (tmch).   sunset in oia, sentrum, oia greece; more: which greek island should you go to? . trek the inca trail to machu picchu start breaking in those hiking boots now.   sunshine will persist into friday and saturday.   super bowl fans heading back to the east were having a hard time getting out of arizona.   super bowl mvps photos super bowl xxx () – dallas cowboys cornerback larry brown is pushed out of bounds after one of his two interceptions in super bowl xxx.   super bowl mvps photos super bowl xli () – quarterback peyton manning threw for yards and a touchdown in super bowl xli, leading the indianapolis colts to a - victory over chicago.   "super bowl xlix delivered for all of our partners, proving once again that the super bowl is the most dominant and consistent property on television," mark lazarus, chairman of nbc sports, said in a statement.   superintendent terrence sancko told the star that three cars were broken into and two reported stolen.   superintendent tommy knight requested the board consider extending his contract an additional year.   supporters of reformist candidate for the iranian presidential elections mir hossein mousavi chant slogans to support their candidate during the final rally on azadi, freedom, square in west tehran.   supporters of taiwan president ma ying-jeou display banners that translate as 'go ma ying-jeou, … "as any political pro would say, the optics of the visit could prove very important to the message that emerges."   supporters wore bright green t-shirts and spoke of the need for such services in montague, but last week there was pushback from nearby residents.   support for ben carson, who was tied with trump in last month's online poll, has fallen off by points and the former neurosurgeon is now tied with ted cruz at %.   support for the move was unanimous among staffers, according to the union.   “support has still failed to come.   supreme court and justice kennedy laying it down.   sure enough, there's a championship in europe every year.   sure, he still had the numbers and the regular season wins but that means nothing to brady.   sure, it might just be a shop, but the peaceful future of our species might just depend on it.   sure, it’s fine to sign up for a ton of organizations’ email lists and start making a spreadsheet of your dream internships.   sure, it was a little boxy and a little odd, but it was unique and beautiful in its own strange way.   surely we should all aspire that everyone living in this country has the right to a decent quality of life."   sure, there are some variations including booze, snack foods and even ice cream.   sure, the sexy action flick dominated the box office in , but the movie has much greater pop culture significance.   sure, you know the basics: an - percent tip in restaurants (yes, percent is old-school); a dollar per beer and two dollars per cocktail at bars (or percent minimum on the bill); and percent on taxis.   'surprise result is possible' says ex-kickers player ..   surprisingly, dark colors and dim lighting can also be beneficial: by obscuring visual details, they help people think more abstractly.   surprising message from the pope obsessed with rachel dolezal case?   surveillance footage shows kentucky pharmacist fighting off knife-wielding robber police find o.j.'s missing heisman trophy sign up for our daily newsletter!   surveillance video showed he was left alone for minutes before evans found him dead.   survey reveals students' no. college worry "the choice of college has some impact, but not as much as you might expect," he said.   survivors have injuries ranging from broken bones, head trauma, spinal injuries and crush syndrome.   survivors include his sons, phillip webb, commerce, and mike webb, hull; four grandchildren; and nine great-grandchildren.   survivors of the tragedy have even accused the civil guards of shooting directly at them in the water.   suspicious fire destroys flat bay community centre family homeless after house in flat bay left to burn a cabin in flat bay burned to the ground sunday morning, in what police are calling the third suspicious fire in the community since october.   suydam says the nursing home recently received complaints alleging issues with care and treatment, but declined to discuss further citing privacy and confidentiality rights.   svindal's time was one minute . seconds.   swan says he understands some people's concern over a lack of information while a project is in the works, but he says it's not as cut and dried as people might think.   swanton said the gangs had arranged to meet to discuss differences when a fistfight began that quickly escalated to include knives and firearms.   swarming defense, myles gaskin helps uw rout wsu in apple cup teardown town: , small houses replaced by giants since save % on a digital subscription today after all, it’s surprisingly hard to say what makes a religion.   swearing off toll lanes barraugh,a woodinville businessman, said a car he owns made $ worth of floating-bridge crossings last year for employee trips and his wife’s medical appointments.   sweat, , is serving a life sentence for killing a sheriff's deputy in .   sweden is attempting to overcome this by throwing yet more money at educating its new arrivals.   sweeney believes that just as with the bailout of detroit, the u.s. government "would make money" on the deal.   sweet potato leaves sold at a carrefour outlet were found to contain traces of highly toxic pesticide methomyl, while a green pepper was found to contain levels of difenoconazole residue that were seven times the council’s permitted levels.   swift said in june she would put her hit album "" on apple music, days after the tech giant bowed to pressure from swift and some independent music groups and labels and agreed to pay artists during the free trial period for its music service.   swiss luxury watchmaker audemars piguet launched a new series of artist commissions that will take place at every art basel.   swiss re said since the financial crisis of , life premiums in advanced markets had stagnated, while in emerging markets average annual premium growth was slower than in the pre-crisis years.   swollen rivers are expected to keep rising, and more rain is in the forecast for later this week.   sydney credit union ceo bob coffin said the main concerns he heard from members were that the merger would move the power in the organization off-island, and that the credit union would stray from its community roots, becoming more like the big banks.   sydney expressed frustration at not being able to speak at the event to the new york times: "i just want to give the speech he would have given.   sydney, singapore, new zealand and taiwan also fell.   sylvie found help, but it is hundreds of kilometres away from her côte-nord community.   symeon pariaros, chief administrative officer of athens-run and new york-listed shipping firm euroseas, said the outlook for the dry bulk market was “very challenging.”   symptoms can include high blood pressure, headaches, blurry vision or abdominal pain, the researchers said.   symptoms including diarrhea, fever and abdominal pain, and it usually resolves itself between five to seven days, though in rare cases the disease can be so dehydrating it can lead to dangerous complications.   symptoms of tbi range in severity, depending where they occur in the brain and how much damage has occurred over time.   syria expert thomas pierret said the raids showed washington was intent on preventing is from expanding in aleppo province, which is currently largely divided between regime and rebel control.   syria "is a geopolitical chernobyl -- spewing instability and extremism over the region and the rest of the world," petraeus told the senate armed services committee, referencing the nuclear meltdown in the former soviet union.   syrian kurds fleeing isis militants wait behind a fence in suruc on sunday, september .   syrian refugees settle in the us how bad are us maternity benefits?   syrian state tv, citing a military source, said the army had killed dozens of islamic state militants to the east of palmyra and were "pursuing their withdrawing remnants in several directions in the area".   syria's civil war in pictures photos a father reacts after the deaths of two of his children in aleppo on january , .   syria's foreign ministry wednesday condemned kassasbeh's murder but called on amman to cooperate with the syrian government against "terrorism".   szentgotthard, hungary (ap) — migrants following a well-worn path into western europe used to know exactly where they wanted to go and how to get there.   tabloid news site lifenews.ru cited acquaintances of ramazanova in dagestan and moscow as saying she had totally changed after meeting her extremist husband on a social networking site.   taff was initially accused in oklahoma of stalking, kidnapping and domestic assault as well as violation of protective orders.   tags: brad kaaya, malik rosier, thomas sirk the fifth quarter: week rewind by john taylornov , , : am est as is the case each and every season, each and every week, any omission below is not on purpose, it’s merely intentional.   tags politics iran nuclear the views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies.   tags steve gleason als sen. david vitter the views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies.   taha tabish, a research coordinator with qajigiartiit, is in arviat this week with oliver, evaluating the effectiveness of the program.   "tai chi practitioners make pilgrimages to the village."   taichung prison has sent officials to visit chen regularly since his release from the prison on jan. , and prison officials visited chen at his residence in kaohsiung on monday last week.   taipei police department secretary-general huang chih-tse (黃啟澤) objected, stating that under the assembly and parade act (集會遊行法), congregation on roads must be approved by a managerial unit.   taiwanese manufacturers reported softer demand from clients in china, europe and the us, fiddes said.   taiwanese should not be bound by anything that ma agrees to, because of the opacity of his agenda and lack of social consensus, lai said.   taiwan has said it expects to pay about $ million for the two vessels and that it would review its needs before making a decision on two more.   taiwan must be realistic about us help in the case of an invasion, he added.   taiwan’s feng chun-kai (馮俊凱), chin hsin (秦欣) and tseng hsiao-chia (曾筱嘉) are also taking part.   taiwan's foreign ministry is helping in the search for the boat, which was reported missing on feb. , the central news agency reported.   take a grand property atop magnolia bluff.   take a look at more reasons your tax return might get audited.   take a look back at how her style has evolved over the years, starting with this shot of her as she was first emerging on the music scene in new york in december .   take alternate routes or public transportation pic.   take a minute to subscribe and continue to enjoy the seattle times for as little as cents a week.   take a picture, tell a friend!   take a tomato: it has over compounds.   take, for example, ireland’s vote for marriage equality and caitlyn jenner’s warmly received coming out.   "take it," one of the women commands.   take off pounds sensibly (tops) meets on tuesday morning at : at the first christian church in gruver.   take rising sun, the mom without heat.   take the dublin system and the similar challenge in the euro zone, which is composed of fairly different members.   take the opportunity as a compliment and harness the confidence other people have in you.   taking a bit of flak for being the only person in the rogers centre not wearing a jersey or hat.   taking a taxi to work, or renting a car, is hardly affordable over the course of a week or more.   "taking into account the overall aim of the endowment's work, prosecutors came to the conclusion that it presents a threat to the constitutional order of russia, its defense capabilities and state security," the prosecutors said in a statement.   taking on responsibility for other business areas is the kind of recognised career path that resonates with chris chandler, head of the cio practice at recruitment specialist la fosse associates.   taking on the dominant advertising giants google and facebook, though, will not be easy.   taking place in the last year before the third reich annexed austria, it tells the story of a gregarious nun named maria.   takkas is accused of accepting bribes in exchange for awarding marketing contracts.   talen barton, a former foster child, had been living with the palmieri family for some time.   taliban attack pakistani school – family members wait outside the school.   taliban militants in afghanistan and pakistan owe their allegiance to mullah omar, a cleric who has led the taliban since the s and hasn't been publicly heard from for years.   taliban's fight in kunduz earlier this week, the taliban captured kunduz in the group's biggest victory in years.   talib stepped in front of steve smith to intercept flacco's pass and then wove his way downfield, stepping out of a last-ditch tackle near the goal line before tumbling into the end zone and tossing the football into the stands in celebration.   tallahassee, florida (cnn)to donald trump's supporters, the real estate mogul-turned-presidential candidate is a refreshing reprieve from politics-as-usual, a man who shuns political correctness and the status quo.   talley's husband died in at age .   “tama-chan really emerged like a saviour, a goddess.   tamerlan tsarnaev has been identified as the person killed in the encounter with police earlier in the morning, while dzhokhar tsarnaev, a student at the university of massachusetts-dartmouth, remains at large.   tamerlan tsarnaev was killed in a shootout with police in watertown, massachusetts, on april , .   tammy meyers steered around the car and continued driving home.   tammy meyers then drove home, steiber said, where a vehicle described only as a four-door gray or silver sedan pulled up and someone inside opened fire.   tampa bay's next opponent will be decided on wednesday following game seven of the washington capitals-new york rangers second round series.   tan conducted a study showing that during -, one in pregnant women reported consuming alcohol in the past days and one in reported binge drinking.   t> and imperial tobacco group are challenging the legislation because it will prohibit all forms of branding on tobacco packaging, including colours and logos.   tang says he may begin leaving $ bills on the street in random places to spread his good fortune.   taraji p. henson appears in a scene from empire.   target canada liquidation sales this thursday will be 'like black friday' target canada's liquidation sales add to worker chaos when target’s doors open thursday morning at a.m., there will be sales, that’s for certain.   target has a version of the album with three extra songs, and began promoting it heavily this week.   target says % more people clicked on its ad for the release of christina aguilera's greatest hits cd last fall than on any other mobile web campaign.   target's second-quarter results are benefiting from cornell's moves.   tarm reported from chicago.   taxi drivers are required to have a "license", which they will usually purchase from a fellow taxi driver who has decided to cease her or his activity.   taxi drivers protest at edmonton city hall uber petition draws support ahead of toronto council vote the two canadian cities on the front lines of regulating uber plan to work together, both mayors announced thursday.   tax investigations fell by percent, according to a ci annual report released wednesday.   taxpayers also will pay for state employees health insurance increases.   “taxpayers who need help are not getting it, and tax compliance is likely to suffer over the longer term if these problems are not quickly and decisively addressed,” said a report wednesday by agency watchdog nina olson.   taylor did not comply.   taylor montgomery got free one-on-one in the th minute for the lions and it led to a - lead.   taylor university, a private donor and the moe are partnering to give $, . in scholarships.   teacher abdul majid barry urged the two sides to compromise, telling afp the country's youth was facing another "lost year" just as the deadly ebola outbreak was abating, "if each party continues to flex its muscles".   team mascot the coyote, wearing a batman costume, snared the critter that flew into the arena during pre-game warmups monday before san antonio faced the minnesota timberwolves.   teammate kenneth turner, another key to tj’s success as the league’s leading rusher, sees the metamorphosis, too.   team page: baltimore orioles team page: toronto blue jays after a pair of abbreviated outings, drew hutchison delivered a dominant start.   team page: boston red sox drew hutchison banished to bullpen by blue jays the toronto blue jays open up a three-game series against the boston red sox friday, with marcus stroman making his first home start of the season.   team page: calgary flames team page: winnipeg jets mark schiefele got an up-close look at a couple of winnipeg's top prospects.   team page: ottawa senators team page: carolina hurricanes jordan staal helped the carolina hurricanes stay nearly unbeatable against the ottawa senators.   teams of about health care professionals from houston methodist hospital and the university of texas md anderson cancer center performed the -hour surgery.   team success translated into individual accomplishments as schiavone won the french open in and finished runner-up in .   “team usa is in good hands with him,” james said.   tech companies generally aren't able to read encrypted customer data.   techielab, with the help of the schools at somerhill - a group under which derwent lodge falls - organised and hosted a d hand assembling workshop earlier this month.   technically incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives.   technically, next is right — you don’t have to enable full access to use the keyboard.   technically, sharing passwords with anyone outside your household violates svod providers’ terms of service, which specify that access to the services are only for personal use and “nontransferable.”   technology has developed hugely over the intervening century, but scientists are continuing to track what happens at the bottom of our oceans.   technology without supervision is not healthy for any young person.   tech takes a toke with pot-inspired gadgets..   teco said it may receive $ million should coal prices reach “certain levels” over the next five years.   tedcruz.org cruz accused the "liberal media" of attempting to "attack and destroy me (and my family) by any means necessary."   tedxabuja, tedxasorock, tedxowerri, and more ideas worth spreading blossom: yes, i spoke at tedxabuja in , and i can't really remember the particular theme, but it had something to do with building the city or something like that.   teen killed in maryland shootout; parents later found dead but quick thinking from both mother and father enabled yvonne to briefly escape from their sons long enough to call for help.   teen takes on world's highest peaks discovering deep sea "aliens" trick your kids into eating healthy climber goes where 'rescue is impossible' can't stop texting while driving?   tehran had said moscow's move, announced monday, would be a step towards "lasting security" in the region.   tejada's leg was immediately placed in an air cast, and he was carted off the field.   television pictures showed troops entering and searching inmates' rooms and smoke rising from roumieh prison.   tell about your education, work or some of your hobbies.   tellingly, when franklin delano roosevelt coined the phrase the "united nations," he was referring not to the countries of the world but rather the allied powers.   "tell them i will come home soon.   tell us a little bit about your background and how you got started.   tell us how it is if you're lucky enough to get access.   tell us why you agree or disagree with heath canada's approval of the ru- abortion pill.   "tell your relatives, there's been an accident," the posting said, according to alma salic, tanya garcia's mother.   telus 'looking into the practice' telus, which owns koodo, has a different explanation for the regional pricing differences.   temarii met with a reporter at ofc headquarters in september and was filmed appearing to ask for $ million new zealand dollars (then $. million; euro. million) to fund a football academy there.   temperance "bones" brennan rarely mentions her own nickname — mostly because she hates it — and is always the one talking about how the bones need to be cleaned.) i would give the numbers you see a margin of error of +/- for each season's worth of data.   temperatures below - c can cause frostbite within minutes.   temperatures on tuesday aren't expected to be as warm as monday, but coade says they will still be warmer than normal.   temperatures will be c to c wednesday afternoon.   temperatures will be above normal thursday due to the storm's southerly wind, but it will turn colder friday, he says.   temperatures will remain in the mid -s in most communities, feeling like the -s with the wind chill.   temple's losses have come against ranked opponents, starting with no. north carolina last week.   tencent agreed to give out million yuan (about $ million) in envelopes on its wechat and qq messaging apps over a ten-day period, with each one worth as little as several cents or as much as $.   tencent is testing standardized formats for advertisers to create ads faster and scale the business, president martin lau said on the earnings call.   ten compartments from the trains, which had and compartments respectively, derailed.   ten kilograms of uranium was discussed — about a fifth of what was used over hiroshima.   ten of the recommendations were made more than three years ago.   tensing, who's been charged with murder and voluntary manslaughter, has pleaded not guilty.   tensions have been high between the us and russia since the ukraine crisis; congress passed legislation last year banning the pentagon from using russian rocket engines to help launch military satellites.   tens of thousands in montreal, quebec city protest austerity assé spokeswoman camille godbout told the canadian press that seeing as protests and petitions have done little to sway the government, protesters will take "other steps."   tens of thousands of soldiers are expected to take part in voting at military bases before the election, because they are stationed far from their home constituencies.   ten years ago that rate was near % and years ago it was .%, according to the st. louis fed.   teri hatcher to guest star on 'the odd couple' day ago los angeles, sept. (upi) -- "desperate housewives" alum teri hatcher is to guest star on season of the sitcom "the odd couple," cbs announced thursday.   terms and conditions share this story about sharing last uk guantanamo detainee lands in uk shaker aamer, the last british resident to be held without trial in guantanamo bay, lands in the uk after being released.   terms of use and privacy policy.   terms under which this service is provided to you.   "terra preta is a solution, because you can be really, really efficient with the production of vegetables and food."   terrorism merkel: we are crying with france in the wake of the devastating paris attacks, the german chancellor has offered her condolences.   "terrorists deem these institutions as soft, symbolic targets where they're able to get the oxygen of publicity, attract notoriety and spread the fear factor," he told cnn.   terrorists have threatened the publication’s staff with violence numerous times for its depictions of islam and the prophet muhammad.   terror threat concerns after obama trip info exposed : play video six days after the garissa massacre, abdelrashid bare's older brother hamza mohammed disappeared.   terry rozier led the cardinals with points and snider had a season-high . wayne blackshear, averaging nearly points, fouled out with : left and did not score.   terry simonson, a spokesman for the sheriff's office, emphasized tuesday that the signatures still must be certified.   teruya had hit another vehicle on interstate south of temecula, said the chp.   tesla's supercharger network, where model s owners can quickly recharge their cars for free, now has nearly , ports at more than stations around the world, including in the united states and canada.   tesla's system, which will become available this summer, is still about percent cheaper than power-storage systems that have been on the market before, duvall said.   tesla today seemingly would make a poor candidate for activism, considering musk's % ownership and the stock's sky-high valuation.   test audiences didn't react favorably to dewey's death, so craven let him live—and deputy dewey returned for the three scream sequels.   testing reactions in rubin's paper, he looked at studies analyzing symptoms and investigating triggers in more than , people who reported having electromagnetic hypersensitivity.   test results show the water is safe to use again.   tests by the health agency and city authorities confirmed they were asian tiger mosquitoes.   test your knowledge of our song with the game below.   tetanus is caused by an infection with the bacteria clostridium tetani.   texas has an off day before opening a series friday at seattle.   texas law prohibited abortions except to save the pregnant mother's life.   texas legal aid attorney tracey whitley was able to get bad check charges dropped against one of her clients last year.   texas manager jeff banister opted to go with rookie right-hander chi chi gonzalez after perez exited.   texas prison officials could change the drug used for executions but texas lawmakers would have to enact any change of method.   texas’ seldom-used backup infielder hanser alberto thrived in his moment in the spotlight, hitting a tiebreaking single in the th inning that helped the rangers beat toronto - on friday, taking a - lead in their american league division series.   texas sen. ted cruz photos cruz speaks during the national rifle association's annual meeting and exhibits in may .   texas sen. ted cruz photos u.s. sen. pat roberts, center, is joined by cruz and former sen. tom coburn at a rally in wichita, kansas, in october.   texas, the most populous republican-controlled u.s. state, has been at the forefront of advancing regulations restricting access to abortion.   texas will have joey gallo and ed lucas travel from its arizona fall league team in case beltre needs to be removed from the roster, a decision that also would rule beltre out of the al championship series.   tft: which entrepreneurs stood out?   thai authorities haven't said what they think the motive for it might have been, other than making vague references to unspecified people or groups who want to hurt thailand's tourism industry and economy.   thailand thai parliament impeaches ex-pm yingluck shinawatra over rice scheme thailand's military-appointed parliament has voted to impeach former prime minister yingluck shinawatra over a failed rice subsidy program.   thailand two bangkok bomb suspects cleared of involvement two men, seen on cctv footage at the same time on monday evening as the main bombing suspect, have been ruled out of the investigation.   thaley jackson took over pitching duties for sonoraville in game two and held the leopards off the scoreboard for four innings before being relieved by davis.   thankfully, a few third-party apps are available now to help make your apple watch a little more business friendly.   thankfully, that doesn’t happen too often.   thankfully, the international federation of the phonographic industry (ifpi) has pulled the record labels, artists and retailers together to settle on a new, global release date: friday.   thankfully, there are plenty of tips and tricks that help smartphone users extend their battery life as much as possible.   thankfully, there's a youtube video to prove that, in this instance, the approach worked.   "thank god it didn't.   "thank god that today there are voices that are speaking out about this."   thanks for taking part and abiding by these simple rules.   thanks in part to the influence of celebrities and sports stars, tattoos have become much more socially accepted in the past decade.   thanks to advances in technology, modern telescopes can observe these remnants in light that would otherwise remain invisible to the human eye.   "thanks to him i knew this land contains both flowers and thorns.   thanks to its advanced features and solid performance, you can rest assured that it won't crash or slow your computer down to the point where it can cause you problems.   thanks to pinterest (aka hacking heaven), those pesky problems can magically turn into fun, do-it-yourself projects.   thanks to that f/. lens, the phone's an absolute pro at sucking up photons even in the dimmest situations.   thank the lord that none of these toys are cluttering up your own home.   "thank you all so much.   thank you for all the well wishes everyone!   thank you for your cooperation.   thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   thank you for your time, philip.   thank you to everyone who greeted us!"   thank you very much for this generous donation.   tha sophat, a -month-old cambodian boy, suckles from a cow in koak roka village, siem reap province, cambodia, friday, sept. , .   that act started a movement, eventually giving all women in ontario the legal right to expose their breasts.   that agreement culminated with obama's u-turn on his infamous "red lines".   that allowed him to hold a one-shot lead over local favorite jaco van zyl, who shot three birdies and an eagle in a to sit at under overall.   that also easily topped projections that had it debuting in the $ million to $ million range, although in retrospect those estimates were overly conservative given that advance ticket sales were unusually strong.   that also makes the tooth the oldest hominin remains ever found in france by about , years.   that and the country's geographic isolation make it substantially less vulnerable to such a threat—which, one official source told worldcrunch, has existed for decades in europe because of an open border within e.u. nations.   that appears to have happened again.   that being said, he fears the continental agenda could be destined for the back-burner as the obama administration prepares its exit and an incoming administration faces daunting domestic challenges.   that being said, it is also important for companies to slice and dice their consumers into different brackets and carefully construct their target messaging which in turn would result in better conversions.   that breath of mine, what a gift.   that brought a total of recalls involving more than million vehicles.   that can't be said of his newer works, however.   that case was later settled out of court, according to the lawsuit.   “that comes from winning football games and being successful.   that comment drew an immediate reaction from sen. rand paul (r-ky.   that compares with wednesday’s close of $. and the lower end of the range is below the price at which the benchmark bottomed in january.   that cost climbs to $, among homeowners with a mortgage, but that dips to $ for retirees who have paid off their house.   that could be a high risk option.   that could mean hamilton's "cost advantage will erode," she said.   that critic was peter eleey, who has since become the associate director of the museum and the co-curator of the fourth “greater new york,” which is far more than a youthquake.   that curly hair with a very slight leftward part: you could just drop him into the middle of ancient rome and, except for eye color, he’d fit.   "that customer doesn't want to have to go hire an openstack team, install openstack, and figure out how to operate it.   that decision unsettled some investors, because it suggests that the central bank is not confident about the outlook for growth.   that deficit, known to accountants and tax auditors as a net operating loss carry forward, can be used to reduce future taxable income.   "that did not happen."   that did not shock our coaching staff.”   that dinosaur lived about million years ago, said brian huber, chairman of the paleobiology department at the smithsonian institution.   "that does not mean the threat has completely been averted," niger army chief seyni garba said earlier this month.   that eagerness to migrate can, in kleynhans' view, partly be put down to the stress organisations went through in moving from windows xp when support ended last year.   that effect doesn't show up with digital news — millennials in their s are as likely as those in their late teens and early s to pay for online news.   that energy source, explains duncan, will come from local volcanoes.   that episode opens with a scene in which viewers learn that elliot hacked a coffee shop owner who was running handful of child pornography sites.   that exact wording is beginning to fade out of use, but the sentiment's still there.   that extra code is the idea behind microsoft's universal apps approach.   that fear has was only made worse after edward snowden's revelations caused the american public to start paying more attention to who and when strangers — whether that be hackers, companies, or analysts at the nsa — can see their information.   that figure increased to % when church members, such as worship leaders and local preachers, were also included.   that figure, plus the dead, would mean at least people had been onboard.   that figure stands to grow over the next years as the baby boomers who dominate the workforce age.   that followed a . percent drop in december and was below wall street's expectations for a . percent increase.   that followed a percent dive the previous day.   that forecast now looks overly optimistic.   that had to be fixed.   that happened during another test event on saturday, when two brazilian sailors’ nacra boat tipped over after their rudder snagged on a garbage bag.   that happened in low-lying villages in six towns in nueva ecija, near aurora, where some residents were trapped on rooftops by floodwaters, said nigel lontoc of the office of civil defence.   that happened in march.   that has not been done under the obama administration, what now has repercussions all across the world.   that has the potential to drive oil prices lower over the next six months.   that he bounced back with a big performance saturday — albeit against a lower-division opponent — was no surprise to longtime o’dea coach monte kohler.   that hollow tagging, nagging in the gut, that unscratchable-itch frustration of desiring that thing.   that immaturity creates a greater propensity for crime.   that implies a rise of just % from current levels.   that included a record of zero-for- on three-pointers.   that includes camcorders and digital cameras, which panasonic will show off front and center at the expo with new models, with attention focused on its k-capable lumix line.   that includes three -yard receiving games, including eight catches for yards and a touchdown in arizona's - upset win over carolina in the divisional playoffs.   that influence extends to the playing fields at the high school - from undefeated seasons at the turn of the th century to upsetting westwood on its way to a super bowl to cheering on the warriors this fall.   that, in turn, leads to demand for more lanes.   that in turn was the highest since the u.s. supreme court reinstated the death penalty in .   that is also the reason they are hosting the nations cup.   that is as valid, if not more so, than voting based on self-interest alone.   that is crucial because u.s and japanese officials are negotiating new bilateral security guidelines expected to give japan a bigger role in the alliance, years after the end of world war two.   that is good for conservation but means less money for water systems, which charge customers based on the amount used.   that is good news for providers, who need the confidence to invest in more projects.   that is momentum he could harness heading into what will be a critical four-week juncture in the primary that includes the highly anticipated jefferson-jackson dinner in des moines, iowa, on oct. – where each candidate, including former sens.   that is no contradiction, says rudi friedrich of connection e.v., an international support organization for conscientious objectors and deserters seeking asylum.   "that is not a problem for us from right now, to start holding discussions and dialogues so as to determine and reach the conclusion of the next plan of action after the terrorists are driven out that territory," rouhani said in an interview to npr radio.   that is not to say buffett is any kind of a slouch.   that is not unreasonable in an era when the number of media jobs is shrinking.   that isn't on csub's shoulders.   that is our duty as americans today.   that is particularly true in chiasso, a town of , people that has historically served as the main migrant gateway to switzerland.   that is something for which i cannot take a personal decision to impact an entire population," said hanna.   that is still good meat on that fuckin’ fish, kid!   “that is the real key.   that is the scary part.   that is true despite the captain having said he planned to take the ship along a route that would pass about miles from the storm's center, according to the ntsb.   "that is unacceptable to me.   that is what i wish for you this christmas.   that is where it begins and ends.   that is why she ran in the rae town division in and the general election in .   that is why the world leaders' march in the sunday paris rally drew such criticism.   that is why we as a nation need to practice understanding, not stigmatization.   "that is why we will be entirely open with the findings of this report to hope that regulators and companies around the world benefit from that learning, so that something like this never happens again," andrew mackenzie told an analysts call.   that just doesn't happen.   that kind of voter loyalty has republican party leaders asking themselves if trump were to mount an independent bid, would that cost them the white house?   that latter activity is logistically easy, because, she says, “for political reasons, he has access to a large collection of rubber rafts.”   that led to the two-way walkie-talkie and carphones.   that makes data capture more comprehensive and allows multiple data streams to be correlated.   that makes it a good bet as today's major finding, but tune in to nasa tv or come back here at : am et to find out for sure.   that makes it easier for lawmakers to recycle similar language from the previous statements.   that makes me really mad.   that makes one conclude there’s no reason russell wilson’s current hot streak has to end this week.   "that makes sense," fox said, "because psychopathy is characterized by impulsivity.   that may be the possibility for . million members of adult friendfinder, whose information might now be on the open web.   that may include some particularly bright ones known as fireballs that the perseids are known for.   that may sound strange but we all have a connection to our surroundings.   that means carrying a balance for even one month at that rate could wipe out a year's worth of penny pinching.   that means eating a cup of cooked spinach a day may give you more lasting power on the elliptical machine (or in your daily sprint to catch the bus).   that means extra work in particular with receivers brandon marshall and eric decker, who were developing a solid rapport this summer with smith.   "that means finding something that is an emotional connection, finding something that excites them personally and really figuring out how to bring that into the brand," she said.   "that means it is even more important that colleges find ways to work with students to teach them that and to model that for them."   that means keeping the meat cold, washing your hands and cleaning surfaces that touched the raw meat.   that means that poisonous berries have likely been removed and instead of real animals, there will be actors in suits.   that means that rather than hashing everything out at the actual meeting in december, the big countries are deciding, now, how much climate pollution they will agree to cut.   that means the average payout is worth roughly times their monthly wage, and tops the average wall street bonus for by $,.   that means the conversation is shifting from forecasts about how oil prices, the global economic slowdown and currency moves to actual numbers.   that means the patient has to pay nearly a third of the drug's cost after the deductible is met.   that means the salty, chewy cheese may only be called halloumi if it produced on cyprus itself.   that means the social security administration hasn't yet announced whether there will be a cola, or how big, for next year — official word won't come until the latter part of october, after the bureau of labor statistics reports on september inflation.   that means whatever company provides your internet connection, even if it's to your phone, will now have to act in the public interest and not do anything that might be considered "unjust or unreasonable."   that means you’ll apply using your social security number, even if you offer your federal employer identification number (fein) on the application.   that meant the county's , residents had a nearly one-in- chance of being selected.   that might be true in the short term. maybe the success of microsoft’s premium devices will also help oems raise their profit margins a few points.   that mode of travel adds an adventurous element to the film, but to sauper's credit, he never lets that get in the way of his grim challenge to all the existing "answers" to the problems in sudan—and in the larger sense, much of africa.   that moment in iowa proved to be walker's high point.   that motion, sponsored by council members rod dembowski, larry gossett and jane hague, requested that county executive dow constantine develop a cost analysis, recommendation and a work plan.   "that needs american support and understanding."   that northwesterly breeze is going to swing around and start coming out of the south later today.   that nostalgia worked for tony brennan, who said he "can't get off of that high that i'm on" after seeing the film with the opening-night crowd in hollywood.   that october, governor phips returned to the city and found that his wife was among those accused.   that old adage that you meet the same people on the way up as on the way down is very true in business, and you never know when the people you stepped on will be the same people you will be looking to for an opportunity!   "that opened up the middle, and riley peters made the right choice, got on his horse and got down there and got it in."   that other part of valor in one of the great ironies of my work on north korea, when i was actually visiting the country between and , i couldn't write about what i saw or the discussions i had there.   "that pain you feel in your bones, in every cell in your body.   that peace push proposed by the un's syria envoy staffan de mistura is expected to be implemented later this month.   that phase will include the removal of the recycled asphalt, and installation of a concrete slab, granite curb and paver stones and decorative light, benches and trees.   that photography fetish could be overloading your device and cloud storage isn't always the best at searching and organizing media files.   that position potentially puts him at odds with the reforms cameron is seeking, which include restricting migrants' access to benefits and reducing barriers to trade in the single eu market.   that potential remains largely untapped: only about percent of influential companies tracked by a new report have overarching "zero deforestation" policies in place.   that pressure comes from the conflict between the need for green spaces, and the need to cut greenhouse gas emissions by reducing commuting distances through more dense urban living.   that program plans to expand from students a year in spokane to this year, and the state’s - budget sets aside $. million for uw and $. million for wsu for that expansion, goodhew said.   that prompted the premier's office to ask for reassurance from sajjan, mcneil said.   that proved to be iran's only shot on target until late in the first-half when captain javad nekounam's headed shot was cleared off the goal-line by ahmed mohamed with qasem beaten to keep the qataris level at half-time.   that put him one shot behind sergio garcia, who finished even worse.   that puts it in the same class as machines like the alienware , which costs around the same, but has a slightly better m gpu.   that question is clearly answered by the comedian's intentions.   that rain with temperatures near would last until the end of the game assuring your drive home will not be icy.   that raises import costs.   that reactor, calder hall in cumbria, was only decommissioned in , after nearly years of use.   that reality has pushed the company to give a large group of subscribers faster internet access at no extra charge.   that refusal was followed by unrest in kyiv that led to his downfall, a new government in the capital, crimea's annexation, and then the pro-russian separatist insurgency in eastern ukraine against kyiv.   that report also criticizes the studies on sofosbuvir that it evaluated.   that report was the second critical review of the agency responsible for protecting the president.   that required "a unified iraq that separates itself from sectarian divides, coalesces around this common threat and works to expel isil from iraq," he said.   that review is expected to last several months.   "that role was one of the very last to be cast," remembers stern of the gosling part.   that's about double the amount that typically falls in the region for all of september, it said.   that's a form of deception as well; but the evidence suggests that the candidates who are best at conveying a persona which is not their own actually tend to be the ones who win elections.   that's after paying their drivers, which they're experimenting with doing a little less.   that's a huge reach.   that's a label that no female candidate should have to wear.   that's all i could think about.   "that's also something we didn't know before," study co-author jonathan payne, a paleobiologist at stanford's school of earth, energy & environmental sciences, said in the news release.   that same day, obama signed the american recovery and reinvestment act. barack obama's presidency photos a soldier hugs obama during his surprise visit to camp victory just outside baghdad, iraq, in april .   that same month, the pac paid $, to a massage parlor for a fundraising event.   that's an acknowledgement of the vast inequities of climate change: the fact that the richest, most powerful countries have done the most to cause climate change, yet suffer the least as a result.   that's an upgrade from the six-bed, eight-week day treatment program that was offered in charlottetown.   that's a politically libertarian stance that tells government to "stay out of what doesn't concern you."   "that's a real big first for a region."   that's as far back as the florida state bar keeps such records.   "that's a very important portal in the lore of ingress," he says, referring to the dramatic, sci-fi backstory created by niantic -- which, incidentally, no agent i've ever met seems to pay much attention to.   that's a very, very big bet on one company.   that's because from january st , any new taxi seeking a licence will need to be "zero emission capable," like the tx.   that's because it threatens the very fabric of the nhs, with its potentially highly profitable parts becoming sitting ducks in the deadly crosshairs of big american business.   that's because rodgers didn't throw to sherman's side of the field once.   that’s because the workforce in renton reached unprecedented levels of productivity in , ramping up to jets per month.   that’s because the big puts its teams through a double-round robin schedule, with everybody playing everybody else at home and away.   that’s because these taxes reduce the wages that businesses are willing to pay.   that’s because they “assume that they have to save so much more and a little bit isn’t going to make a difference.”   "that's considerable," massey says.   that's despite an inquiry report on polo park traffic which recommended the city take all his land.   that sector is entirely under russia and pro-russian rebel control and is used, according to kiev, as a conduit for separatist supplies -- something the kremlin denies.   that seems to be microsoft's strategy of late.   "that sends the wrong message: 'if you do it and get caught, just tell us all you know and we'll lower your ban.'   that's especially true in recent days, as the senate considers extending surveillance powers granted to the national security agency, prompting the party's candidates lash out at each other (and clinton).   that’s exactly what the government asserts s&p did in ratings on billions of dollars of securities it issued from through .   that's fine too!   "that's frank maloney!" exclaimed one of the small crowd who had gathered around the bewildered man, better recognized as the tough-talking manager behind former heavyweight champion of the world lennox lewis.   that's how an enthusiastic first lady michelle obama kicked off the blushing bearded royal's whirlwind trip to the united states wednesday, which included an informal meeting with president barack obama and a trip to the british embassy.   that's how i feel about tiff," vallee said in a statement, referring to the festival.   that's if the predictions of dutch company infostrada come to pass. follow @cnnsport the statistics firm tracks events around the world in all olympic sports, then converts those results into a formula to predict who will win each olympic medal.   that's impossible to say, there are so many foreign chefs who have opened restaurants in paris.   that's interesting to me," amir says.   that situation devolved into a brawl allegedly involving pitchforks and shovels.   that's just a testament to our defense and how we've been trying to bring pressure all year."   "that's just really part of the design process, is really thinking about how you are going to use the product and walking through the steps that make sense to you in your head," hurley said.   that’s just what the cons are counting on.   that's less time than it takes usain bolt to run the -meter dash.   that's making apple look like the bum fruit of the crop.   that's more than $ million, even at today's rates, but outside of the bitcoin community, few people raised an eyebrow at the heist.   that's more than double the average for carmakers.   that’s more than double the rate of inflation overall.   that's more than the people who greek officials said were officially on the ferry — leading to questions about italy's tally or suggestions that the ferry also carried an unknown number of unregistered migrants.   that’s more than three times the ascent the nasdaq has risen in the past two years.   that's my guess."   that's not a typo or an oversight - this squad is two defenders away from full strength.   that's not fear mongering, it's simply stating that trusting christ to give us what we need and sustain us is not near as dangerous as trusting a system that is bound to collapse.   that's not going to happen to be criminally prosecuted as a federal matter but there are all these ways in which it's to eat you legality federally.   that's not its only worry.   that's not possible with winterkorn at the top.   that’s not sitting well with schultz.   that softened the blow of missing the opportunity to close things out in six in detroit.   that's one of the driving questions of the journal."   that's one reason apple limited initial sales to just online orders.   that's one reason why earlier this month ontario premier kathleen wynne embarked on her first official mission to california.   that's on top of multi-billion dollar fines volkswagen could be subject to.   "that sounds like growth," clarke told jurors wednesday.   that sparked a backlash from some local groups.   that's particularly bad news because the company unveiled a new model, the keurig ., in august.   "that's part of it.   that's pretty much it, but gale and zemeckis build the story in such a way that everything that occurs early on serves as a setup for a payoff you might not realize is going to come later.   that's really close to the record high of set in .   that's really put pressure on the schools, particularly those that serve our neediest students."   that’s slightly less than the planned $ fee that will take effect the rest of the year.   "that's something we've been working on for a period of time," dimondstein said.   "that's such a reasonable request," the reverend says.   that’s the answer for the team behind glow.   that’s the beauty of it, right?   "that's the big thing with kids today when you're watching them play is, do they have the potential to become major league baseball players."   that's the challenge mosques and western governments will have to deal with, shaikh said.   "that's the first time since that the unemployment rate has been above year-ago levels," bmo economist doug porter said, "not good."   "that's the heart of our community.   that's the highest mark in four years, according to the commerce department, but economist and policymakers want to see growth this year of a lot closer to %.   that's the intent of ab, a bill under consideration in sacramento.   that's the least you need to painstakingly recreate classic star wars scenes from single sheets of paper using a knife, "kirigami" style.   that’s the lesson jeb learned when he ran for governor of florida the first time, unsuccessfully, in .   that's the problem with testament and many similar films: they appear to oppose war but they accept it as a given, a pretext for unspooling tales of lives uprooted and love lost.   that's the reality of the syrians.   "that's the thing because the only people who want to vote 'yes' are those who have a lot of money.   that’s the world we live in in these days, with social media and the rallies.   that study, also from destatis, found that germans work an average of hours per week - nearly two hours more than years ago.   that’s up from % last year and % in .   "that's very important with global travel," says schwartz.   that's well below the billion cubic feet thought to be there in , even after accounting for about billion cubic feet of gas production in the years since.   that's what adventure man bear grylls did to kate winslet on running wild, when he asked her to spread her arms out wide.   that's what bradley hampton saw from the plane he was on, about to yards away.   that's what comic kevin pollack wanted to discover in his documentary, "misery loves comedy," which premiered friday at the sundance film festival.   that's what drew him to lisbeth salander, to the extent that she began to inhabit his dreams while he was writing the new book.   that's what i learned from my arabic brothers and sisters."   that’s what makes us exceptional.   “that’s what’s so cool about it.   that's what struck me, his childish face, very determined, cold, calm, frightening."   "that's what this is."   that's what worries me."   that's when he touches her buttocks and quickly bolts away.   that's when the trouble started.   that's when we learn the latest figures on job creation and unemployment.   that's where the fruit is."   that's why all their presidential tax plans would roughly increase the national debt by between $ and trillion.   that's why he loved the situation in his two terms of gold-medal success with the canadian olympic team.   that's why hospitals around the treasure valley practice handling these kind of situations each year although years can go by without a mass-casualty incident.   that's why i hire (agent) mark rodgers and that's why i trust him to figure everything out for me, work everything out and sure enough it did and i get to play here for another four more years.   that's why it's important to actively reposition your legs under and around your seat while sitting, but also to get up and stretch them out to enhance blood flow.   that's why it's important to exercise under the supervision of a doctor, a physiotherapist, a nurse, health coach or some other professional.   that’s why that never means anything to me.   that’s why the accuracy of “disparage” and “offend” is so important.   that's why the portland airport's tsa officers will notify port police if they find any marijuana on travelers.   that's why we've got some tips to ensure your next run ends in glory, not pain.   that's why you may want to do some homework, before you head to the store, especially if it's a retailer where you do a lot of business.   "that's why you won't see me out there, and he doesn't need to defend me, and he's totally different from me," the former president said, according to politico.   that's with you for life," junie said.   "that tends to happen when we get a slight drizzle," said stenson, who might have to contend with more of the same as rain is predicted for friday.   that the foxes are even attracting talent of that calibre is a testament to how they’ve grown over the last few months, while also admittedly emphasizing the spending power the premier league currently enjoys.   that there are backlogs doesn't surprise her; there were when she was a crusader for the cause.   that the tension is that high is a bit unbelievable.   "that they had consciously bought the volkswagen vehicle thinking that they were going to contribute positively to have a clean environment and now they're disappointed in that."   that they should completely disappear was amazing."   that timeframe ends on july . oxycodone is a prescription drug in both the united states and japan.   that time has now passed.   that tiny piece of paper was inscribed with the names of three of the other passengers aboard lifeboat no. : miss laura mabel francatelli, sir cosmo duff-gordon and lady lucy duff-gordon.   that topped wall street's forecasts for a $. per share profit.   that translates to a sterling $, per-screen average, the highest this year.   that trauma and resilience, clinton has said, taught her and how to be tough and made her want to help people in difficult circumstances," seitz-wald adds.   “that tv is your window into the new world you’re in, where you don’t have many friends,” a cuban-american media consultant in coral gables told me.   that unexplained discrepancy inevitably raises suspicion that perhaps the result was manipulated.   that ushered in a brutal reign in which muslims committed atrocities.   that vibrant opening to their uefa champions league campaign was a stark contrast to the doom and gloom that surrounded the club after their worst start to a season since -.   that video will also show up in a new — and functional — player.   that was , pesos less than in draft regulation seen by reuters last week, but more than the company had hoped.   "that was a culture shock for me," said lockett, who is black.   that was a very, very symbolic act. it elevated the fight from this sort of military, tactical and localized conflict to that of a religious and global war.   that was confirmed wednesday by grand bay-westfield mayor grace losier, who chairs the regional commission.   “that was definitely one of my best rounds,” he said.   that was devastating for her, he said.   that was disappointing as well."   that was followed by five other killings by a compatriot amedy coulibaly, in the days that followed.   that was just the tip of the iceberg.   that was my costume for halloween last year, i dressed up as a gas pump.   “that was never in the cards.”   that was of course munich in .   that was really hard.”   that was roosevelt's vision years ago.   that was the case for alaska's black river, which yost said was restored in to its gwich'in name, draanjik river.   that was the first increase in weeks and biggest in five months, bofa said.   that was the situation chung entered in .   that was the trigger, chan said, to assess the global risks.   "that was the whole point of doing the combination."   that was the year greece went from a military government to a democracy.   that way, it hopes to copy the canny strategy of emirates by providing more aircraft to fly to more destinations - growing in tandem with an expanding hub airport.   that way, the signatories’ names could be invoked without having to ask for permission every time.   that way, you don't even have to be actively using your computer to get a weather update.   "that will affect the entire power dynamic and give a lot of people the perception that change is possible."   that will allow us now to look back on this game and the past couple of games and figure out what we need to do better and give us some time to work on that."   that will be the second priority in the sense that your first duty is to serve the people of manitoba.”   that will get you a five-course, home-cooked meal, unlimited cocktails and wine pairings, and a chance to hang out in a beautiful private residence that you normally wouldn't get access to.   that will isolate it from your other devices as well as giving you a kill-switch.   "that will mean we won't have any trouble bringing in international shows, we'll make significants savings in terms of the cost of providing security manpower."   that will stimulate more economic activity, helping to push prices higher over time, he said.   "that will undoubtedly endeavor or entail substantial discussion within city council and within the community," nitro councilman at large john montgomery said.   that word sounds more or less the same in german and english.   that work will likely take another couple of hours, stessel says, and may create “some residual effects” on tomorrow’s commute; trains through the downed area will need to reduce their speed.   that would be barry poznick who gave me my first break along with the legendary joan rivers because once you work with joan no one can throw you under the bus!   that would be the hardest concept to articulate: "no, you're really quite wonderful, except for the pesky albatross of your blackness."   "that would be the least of our problems, worrying about how josh is handling this."   that would be the wrong approach: "we must not forget that people are in need."   "that would certainly not be good news for hispaniola," he said.   that year, davis released one of his most lauded albums, "kind of blue."   that you don't prioritize criminals versus others.   the selected participants each receive $, gift cards upfront and can earn a second gift card worth up to $ upon successful completion of the program.   the -minute video posted late saturday by the "media office of the province of barqa" in libya confirmed the loss of derna after clashes.   the -year treasury yield dipped below . percent.   the other channels that include espn, cnn and the disney channel.   the $. trillion government spending bill passed in mid-december funds dhs only until feb. , because conservative republicans want to gut obama’s executive orders on immigration reforms.   "the -week campaign gives us a chance as canadians, from coast to coast to coast, to engage, to really assess," said valcourt.   the -year-old allegedly assisted her, authorities said.   the th iron hill brewery & restaurant is on tap for huntingdon valley shopping center.   the -week program — titled “got bars” — is intensive, meeting three times a week.   the -year-old home has an open floor plan, two fireplaces, period lighting fixtures, and a tower with roof access.   the meter race had lydia roberts placing fourth at .. and kayla keaton was in th place.   the ,-mile-long pipeline is joint venture of subsidiaries of tallgrass energy (tegp), phillips (psx) and sempra energy (sre).   the -year-old is reported to have then returned to the party, where according to police, he got into a physical altercation with a -year-old girl.   the new seats will be divided over the current u of m engineering program and a new "hybrid" program from the university and red river college.   the supertrees further enhance singapore's status as a green city by generating solar power, acting as air-venting ducts and harvesting rainwater.   the s saw the emergence of romantic movies and a genre of “new wave” wuxia (martial arts, 武俠) films, which were commercially successful in eastern asia, he said.   the and elections, dramatic as they were in result, were likewise conventional in every other respect; neither proved to be quite the realignments expected.   the "" tour took place across the united states and europe, as well as in china, japan, australia and singapore.   the -year-old kim, from south korea, won the founders cup on sunday in phoenix for her second lpga tour victory in career starts.   the , new places will be in addition to some , greece already agreed at an earlier eu summit to provide for refugees.   the assisted human reproduction act forbids exploiting the reproductive capabilities of children, women and men for commercial gain.   the chevrolet cobalt she was driving hit a pole, bounced back into the street and struck a school bus.   the fifa world player of the year is heading for her sixth successive world cup -- no other player has achieved that feat.   the ryder cup winner, who began his round at the th hole, was even par after four holes before beginning his hot streak at with his first gain of the day.   the - plan would include new forms of payment for small caribbean and central american countries as well as new forms of assistance from venezuela.   the budget was based on brent price of us$ a barrel and the same level of crude exports.   the class of inductees also includes alberta hunter, al jackson jr., charlie rich and sam & dave.   the commonwealth short story prize is part funded by the sigrid rausing trust.   the fair, which will be held at the shanghai exhibition centre, showcases work from a mix of emerging and established artists from the east and west.   the list ranks powerbrokers among . billion people on the planet.   the mustang is the most customizable and tech-savvy version ever, with electronics that let the driver choose steering effort, engine response and transmission settings, as well as the color of the gauges.   the presidential election result finally creates the opportunity to bring mr. rajapaksa to justice for atrocities committed by sri lankan government forces, its agents, and paramilitary forces.   the pre-trials field already has a few entries with canada cup winners mike mcewen and val sweeting, as well as jones, who won the canadian women's title last month.   the highest-paid college football and basketball coaches in division i athletics each make more than $. million.   the -year coach, who also coached in serbia, egypt, saudi arabia and croatia over the years, has told water polo canada he would remain in his current role until november to ease the transition.   the -year-old forward received the accolade hours after it emerged that he will ask to leave to club.   the -year-old armia from pori, finland, was selected th overall in .   the -year-old bouchard had two double faults and one ace.   the -year-old texan, winner of both the masters tournament and the united states open this year, has committed to the australian open at the australian course from november -.   the -year-old british soul singer thanked the unnamed lover who inspired the ballad about a one-night stand, saying: "thank you so much for breaking my heart because you got me four grammys."   the -year-old suspect challenged burgett to a fist fight before shooting him, according to police.   the -year-old west pittston resident outraced fellow west pittston resident, deedra porfirio, , by seconds.   the colour run was founded in and has occurred numerous times throughout nassau, freeport & abaco.   the -seater tate is elegant, fitted in white wall with touches of brass and hanging light bulbs from ceiling.   the – year old man of culmerville was taken into custody and is expected to appear in court early this week to be formally charged.   the -year-old also contributed on the offensive side of the ball, catching three touchdown passes.   the -year-old man, whose name has been withheld to protect the child's identity, was originally charged on thursday with aggravated assault after his baby was found unconscious one day earlier.   the -year-old right-hander was making his th career start and entered the game with a . career era in / innings.   the -year-old singer used his instagram account to share his bafflement and frustration about his predicament.   the -year-old australian, who won the opener in the lucrative four-event playoff series by six shots at the barclays last week, birdied five of his first holes to set the early tournament pace before slipping back with two late bogeys.   the -year-old shooting guard was injured last week and will miss the rest of the season.   the -year-old baghdatis, known for having played one of the greatest matches ever at the us open against andre agassi in , was done in by his sub-par serving, winning just four points on his second serve.   the -year-old rider from scotland and his year old horse won the grand prix in switzerland in december, the world equestrian festival in germany in may, and completed their historical accomplishment at the cp international in calgary.   the -year-old romanian driver of the van found on friday, registered in romania, was arrested.   the -year-old briton powered around the high-speed autodromo nazional in warm sunshine to clock a best lap of minute, . seconds, finishing three-tenths clear of a resurgent kimi raikkonen, who was cheered to the flag in his ferrari.   the -year-old man from perth, ont., has been charged with one count each of making child pornography, possessing child pornography and distributing child pornography.   the -year-old told city magistrates that he “lost it” after his former girlfriend told him she had been having phone sex and sending photographs to another man.   the -year-old wawrinka, ranked fifth in the world, announced in april that he had separated from his wife, with whom he has a daughter.   the -year-old ward has fought just three times since beating carl froch in december to become the acknowledged -pound world champion and one of the sport’s top pound-for-pound boxers.   the -year-old told cbc news she and her husband got on the road just before a.m. matthew and michelle oliver's truck, which hit the bear, had to be towed from the scene.   the $m (£m) dscovr mission will operate initially for two years although it will no longer return the video stream, dscovr will still take full-face images of the earth.   the -year-old alonso is signed to the end of the next season.   the -year-old radoi worked in the steaua dugout at four champions league qualifying matches despite not having the correct coaching license.   the -year-old from hahira, georgia makes her concords records debut on september , with an album that finds her ruminating on endings and new beginnings in life and love.   the -year-old wambach, who had blamed a lack of u.s. goals on the tournament's use of artificial turf, came off the bench as a substitute in her team's - draw with sweden on friday.   the fatalities included a -year-old.   the -year-old diamond has admitted he opened a small pocket knife after bar patrons struck his fiance.   the -year-old republican was an assistant solicitor for four years.   the drudder controller is midway through an indiegogo campaign, with a projected shipping date of may.   the -year-old female driver of the ford was taken to hospital with non life-threatening injuries, rcmp said.   the $ per property stormwater charge an amendment to the municipal alcohol policy to allow the beer tent at the bedford days event in dewolf park to go ahead a call for a report on how the city handles "bulky items" on garbage days.   the - result in the first bl match of puts daylight between second-placed wolves and the rest.   the -year-old man seriously injured a female officer before another officer shot and killed him.   the -year-old thomas won't be the first woman to call a regular-season game.   the -year-old social worker pleaded guilty to seven counts of illegally transporting wildlife and six counts of the illegal receipt of wildlife.   the -year-old spent six seasons at manchester city after leaving swindon for £.million.   the -year-old died after the vehicle he was travelling in overturned near the city of blantyre late on saturday.   the -year-old says his dismissal would bring political instability.   the th circuit u.s. court of appeals let stand a jury verdict that found mcdonnell guilty of counts of corruption.   the -year-old tweeted: lively crowd @liverpoolphil last night- shame our tour bus was nicked from outside the venue!   the -page report released this week gives a look at the history of the indiana choice scholarship program -- commonly referred to as the voucher program.   the -year-old grandmother had no experience with drugs but heard they made people do crazy things.   the -year-old, of twitton meadows, was last seen outside his property in the early hours of the morning after drinking at the crown pub, in the high street.   the - decision tosses out the death sentence of a missouri man who was -years-old when he murdered a st. louis area woman in .   the biggest faith groups in the u.s. photos the rev. luis leon of st. john's church in washington greets the obamas before the president's first inauguration in .   the -year-old woman was crossing agricola street where it meets cunard street, at the exit of the new roundabout.   the th annual primetime emmy awards will be presented sept. at the microsoft theater in los angeles, hosted by andy samberg and broadcast live on fox.   the -year-old — who among his many achievements has won league titles in three different countries — said he had received offers from other clubs, but as he approaches his th birthday (sept. ) he no longer wished to continue in club management.   the th grey cup took place nov. , , at montreal's olympic stadium in front of , football fans.   the -foot- congolese is one of six african-born players now in the nba.   the -year-old says that as a "born-again democrat" he can heal the woes of africa's biggest nation, economy and oil producer.   the - comes with either ge or rolls-royce engines, but both are designed to be more efficient than earlier engines.   the .-hectare property the city of montreal will acquire (in red).   the -year-old tibetan buddhist leader was at the mayo clinic in rochester this week for what was described as a routine check-up.   the -year-old, speaking to reporters at the trump doral resort where he was opening a villa named after him, said he would look forward "to being out on that tee even if i fan it."   the -year-old says he suffered a "small heart problem."   the -year-old musician has posted thanks on his official website for fans' well-wishes and prayers.   the -year-old tripped in the conservation area, not far from her home, last monday.   the 's were a veritable feast of oral sex in song, while nicki minaj likened the booty act described by aiko to a cupcake in her hit, "only," and comedienne amy schumer parodied the backside craze in her popular video, "milk milk lemonade."   the center has received more than calls for help.   the aaas had come out in support of gmo foods.   the ability to run android apps is one feature that might persuade more people to give blackberry phones a shot.   the absorbed co is hoarded in the form of malic acid in the cells’ storage units, known as vacuoles, meaning they look juicy and can survive even in arid areas.   the accc said it considers the undertaking a "timely solution for third-party processes".   the accident came just hours after a progress spacecraft attached to the international space station (iss) failed to switch on its engines on command from mission control to move the station into a higher orbit in a planned manoeuvre.   the accident came nearly five months after an amphibious sightseeing vehicle fatally struck a woman on a philadelphia street.   the accident happened on the a in walmer last night, and resulted in the car overturning.   the accident was reported about : p.m. near the -mile marker.   the accord also drops all litigation involving motorola mobility, which google sold to lenovo last year while keeping its patents.   the accord would commit the member states to restrict emissions and help poorer countries which are threatened by drought, flood and rising seas.   the accountant, who at was confident he would find a job elsewhere, preferred to resign.   the accusation was made on the same day the fda issued the advisory about how the scope's design may impede effective cleaning.   the accused diplomat in the suspected rape case has since claimed diplomatic immunity and the saudi embassy is urging india to drop the case.   the accused then created a debit card which he used to access the money. defrauding employers a surprise verification later revealed that the accused was defrauding his employers.   the acquisition highlighted the stunning growth of mobile messaging but also prompted analyst questions on the price paid by facebook and future plans for the service.   the action follows a landmark study that overturned ideas about preventing potentially life-threatening peanut allergy.   the action triggered widespread concern about media freedom in turkey, with critics accusing the government of trying to silence opponents of erdogan's justice and development party (akp) before sunday's legislative vote.   the activist group called on the government and international community to act to be sure jihadism does not emerge in eastern congo, which is home to myriad armed groups, many vying for control of the region's vast mineral resources.   the activist who secretly recorded the video said in a statement that editing out bathroom breaks or waiting periods didn’t change the meaning of the dialogue.   the act of digital aggression spreads rapidly throughout a school hungry for someone else to laugh at, and bianca becomes even more of a social pariah.   the actor attended tonight's academy awards and got touchy feely with all the ladiespresented alongside idina menzel.   the actor has said that the true story of landy, who exercised a control over wilson that is painful to watch, is so strange that nobody would believe it.   the actor plays a traumatized u.s. marine searching for his estranged wife and son after cataclysm strikes in the thriller "man down," which is competing in the venice film festival's horizons section for new discoveries.   the actor went on a bit of a twitter rant, saying, "it was a pleasure not meeting you."   the actress graduated to even bigger roles soon after, starring in 's crouching tiger, hidden dragon and 's memoirs of a geisha.   the additional amount is estimated to be around billion yuan or . billion dollars.   the ad for the tranquility test kits was suspended on the side of a building in madrid, where it was photographed by an outraged spanish parent of a child with down syndrome.   the administration has upped the "black budget" for non-military intelligence agencies from $. billion in to a proposed $. billion for .   the administration maintains that it has the authority to wage its ongoing campaign under an authorization passed years ago targeting the al-qaida terrorists responsible for the sept. , , attacks.   the administration of gov. alejandro garcia padilla has argued public agencies, including the utilities, should be allowed to declare bankruptcy.   the administration of president michel martelly, a musician who had little support in the senate and chamber of deputies when he took office in may , was unable to get the law completed and passed before parliament was dissolved in january.   the ad said gardner "thinks he knows better than the scientists, nasa and the u.s. military on climate change."   "the adults really emphasized stress within their community," said kowitt.   the adviser pointed out that christie is fresh off an impressive tenure as chairman of the republican governors association, a post that put him in regular touch with some of the party's biggest contributors.   the affair will be black and white attire.   the affected employees will be "assigned ground duty" or "offered voluntary retirement," the times says.   the affected jobs are mostly in ericsson's r&d and supply units, the company said on wednesday.   the affidavit discloses, however, that malik may have posted such sentiments publicly on the actual day of the shootings.   the affordable care act requires companies with more than employees to pay for health insurance for people who work hours a week or more.   the afghan military, which has been built from scratch since the fall of the taliban regime in , has also struggled with insider attacks, high casualty rates and mass desertions.   the afghan ministry of defense told cbs news that "coalition helicopters were flying through the area early monday morning when they came under fire from insurgents.   the afp highlighted operation inca, which dealt with shipping containers containing . tonnes of ecstasy in port melbourne in .   the aft endorsed clinton in when organized labor split between supporting her or now-president barack obama.   the agency has data at its disposal indicating that president putin has significantly reduced funding for such industries as healthcare in order to cover significant military spending.   the agency is also advising motorists to obey all posted warning and directional signs as well as the instructions of flag persons.   the agency reported a possible tornado near gainsborough, about kilometres southeast of regina, though that remains to be confirmed.   the agency reported that recent findings from clinical trials have confirmed that early use of art keeps people living with hiv healthier and also reduces their risk of transmitting the virus.   the agency said the products would need to obtain a "modified risk" tobacco product order before they can be described as "natural" and "additive-free."   the agency’s portland-area campaign is still way behind its goal, though.   the agency’s yardstick is an average of the prices on the first day of each month during the calendar year.   the agency visited -year-old bella bond, who until recently was known only as baby doe, twice during her short lifetime.   the age of their children also plays into the decision.   "the agreement deals another blow against tax evaders and represents another leap towards fairer taxation in europe," moscovici said in a statement.   the agreement reached in europe (over greece) is a sticking plaster to allow further negotiations to take place and may well flare up again.   the agreement showed the epa’s “steadfast commitment to protecting and advancing civil rights,” the agency said in a press release.   the agreement that facebook and others use to allow transfer of data about european citizens back to the us on tuesday was ruled invalid by europe's highest court.   the agreement was proposed by japan, and will be signed in kyiv on february by japanese ambassador to ukraine shigeki sumi and minister of economic development and trade of ukraine aivaras abromavicius.   the agreement was reached in talks in washington this week among officials including u.s. attorney general loretta lynch, u.s. department of homeland security secretary jeh johnson and chinese public security minister guo shengkun.   the aid convoy that went into zabadani and madaya was a rare instance of assistance reaching besieged areas near damascus during a cease-fire between syrian government forces and their allies and insurgents.   the air force deployed the weapon to afghanistan in .   "the airline business model and how airlines operate both present a lot of opportunities for reinvention."   the airline did not immediately respond to inquiries on how many flights were affected, but passengers at airports in boston; orlando, fla., and washington, d.c., took to social media to report long lines and delays.   the airline had sent the passenger manifest to authorities, and families were confirming the identities of the deceased, he said.   the airman was conscious when he arrived at the hospital.   the airport is limited to selling no more than two million departing seats per year.   • the airport plans a ,-square-foot expansion to concourse e at a cost of $ million, adding “additional passenger hold rooms, public restrooms, and passenger loading bridges.”   the airstrike campaign by sunni arab states, which began last week, is meant to halt the advance by the shiite rebels, known as the houthis, who have overrun the country and forced yemen’s president to flee abroad.   the airstrikes by the u.s.-led international coalition, primarily targeting oilfields and the group’s refineries, are significantly damaging the group’s oil-refining capacity and ability to transport oil using tanker convoys.   the akp, which had ruled alone for more than a decade, has so far made little progress in its efforts to find a junior coalition partner after losing its majority in a june general election for the first time.   the akp won percent of the vote, followed by the republican people's party (chp) on percent, the nationalist movement party (mhp) on . percent and the pro-kurdish people's democratic party (hdp) in fourth place with percent.   the alarms raised by blumer and rogers went unheeded.   the alberta government is reviewing the policy, but it has not "made any decisions regarding potential changes to the immunization policy," according to a written statement.   the albuquerque police department said both children have been placed on a -hour hold.   the al-jazeera journalists covered the crackdown on islamist protests after the army ousted president mohhamed morsi.   the alleged plan was to derail a train by targeting a railway bridge in december , court has heard.   the alleged sexual assault followed a shooting that injured seven people in march at a spring-break beach house party.   the alleged shooter, who stood in crutches with a broken leg, a swollen-shut eye and other injuries, appeared in court and will return on july . both men have extensive criminal histories, according to ottawa court records.   the alliance also raises the potential for oculus virtual reality gear to synch with xbox consoles as well as across the range of devices that will be powered by windows computer operating software set for release later this year.   the alliance will have a joint operations center based in the saudi capital, a statement by the grouping said, but few exact details were disclosed about the coalition's intended activities.   the all-star scored and had five assists in minutes in game . there's a good chance irving won't be fully healed until after the season, so he might be more a role player in the finals.   the amadeu antonio foundation, a group that campaigns against right-wing extremism, puts the number at . yet only one person, in the northern town of luebeck, has been convicted of an arson attack on a shelter this year.   the amalgamation and move is in an effort to support: - approach to tax administration - relations with taxpayers taxpayers will be able to receive services from both revenue collection agencies at one location making it more convenient for customers.   “the amazing nina simone,” directed by jeff l. lieberman (at sundance cinemas), is the best researched and most comprehensive, though “what happened, miss simone?”   the ambush highlights persistent tensions and sporadic violence that risk undermining efforts to reunite and pacify mali, three years after tuareg-led rebels launched an independence bid that was hijacked by islamist insurgents.   the amended version would allow parents to forgo vaccinations for their children based on "personal beliefs."   the american civil liberties union of kentucky, which represents the couples seeking the contempt order, said on tuesday the law is clear.   the american hotel & lodging association said expedia and priceline together will control percent of u.s. online travel bookings.   the american opportunity tax credit, for example, could cover up to $, for tuition, fees and course materials.   the american people watched you and your team indeed all of the (government) lead with great elegance and grace in this week," kerry told hollande.   the americans evacuated after destroying documents and heavy weapons at the embassy.   the americans, furious at what they considered a breach of sportsmanship, won / out of points in singles to reclaim the cup.   the americans, unbeaten in their last seven matches, are seeking a record-tying sixth gold cup title.   the amortization fee was put in place four years ago, to help the fund recover from losses it incurred when the stock market plunged and the price of tuition rose by as much as percent in just one year.   the amount awarded for program grants this year was $,.   the amount of federal money available is a drop in the bucket.   "the amount of gender violence i experience is absolutely extraordinary and a significant part of my day today will be filing police reports," she said.   the amount of power concentrated in the hands of the crown prince is unparalleled in the kingdom's history.   the amount of unnecessary software that asus crammed onto this thing is a truly shameful accomplishment.   the analysis of a new greek finance minister janis varoufakis is nothing but correct.   "the anchors on my chest are a nod to my service in the navy, i was in for years before i decided to get out and start a family."   the angling trust warned that a population increase could have detrimental effects on other wildlife.   the anglo-dutch group said it had filed a complaint in federal court in alaska, seeking an injunction "to end the illegal boarding currently taking place in the pacific ocean and to prevent such actions in the future."   the animals have been classified by the international union for conservation of nature as endangered since the mid s.   the annie e. casey foundation's kids count report found that nearly percent of children nationwide were living in poverty in , compared with percent in .   the anniversary evokes memories he would rather let lie.   the announcement at a press event at mexico city’s soumaya museum confirmed the worst-kept secret in the sport.   the announcement concludes this year's presentations of nobel winners.   the announcement slices the last thread of public reservation that molins' office had about whether the debris was linked to the boeing that disappeared with people aboard in march .   the announcement that congress would soon send obama legislation to approve construction of the keystone xl pipeline meant the house would accept relatively minor changes that the senate added when it passed the bill.   the announcement that wilson would not be charged finally arrived on the evening of nov. . the night produced striking visuals of buildings engulfed in flames and riot police massed under a "season's greetings" banner.   the annual decline was mostly due to a sharp fall in automobile and home appliance production.   the annual rate of road accident deaths in brazil is roughly double that of the united states, according to the world health organization.   the annual report by the american chamber of commerce in shanghai - the self-dubbed voice of american business in china - said percent of respondents in a survey of its members were "optimistic" about prospects.   the annual speech, the most important in the us political calendar, comes two years to the day of his scheduled departure from the white house in , and the american president does not have an easy road ahead of him.   "the annual world day of prayer for the care of creation offers to individual believers and to the community a precious opportunity to renew our personal participation in this vocation as custodians of creation," the pope said in his letter.   the anomaly was first detected in by university of washington climate scientist nicholas bond, who coined the term "blob."   "the answer here is a qualified 'yes'," says dr. katz, explaining that most cases of pneumonia—an infection that causes the lung's air sacs to fill up with fluid—are bacterial.   the answer is that, with the exception of younger people, the face of low pay in britain is female.   the answers: seattle rolled to an - win, while belting five homers, including four off guthrie.   the answer: there's nothing quite like the brisk spring air floating through an open window.   the answer to this question, and one of the main messages of the fiscal monitor, is that the conduct of fiscal policy under uncertainty can be improved by adopting a robust and coherent risk management framework.   the anti-defamation league, which monitors anti-semitism, denounced huckabee's language.   the anti-islam element in particular proved popular with voters.   the anti sleep pilot is a device for the dashboard and is also available as a mobile app for the iphone or ipad.   ' the ap first reported the impending move in june but it wasn't formally announced until friday, a day after the final contract was signed with the palace.   the app can handle a range of pos functions for small businesses: process credit cards, checks and cash, email/print receipts, control price and show inventory.   the appeal from yemen at the un came as new un peace envoy ismail ould cheikh ahmed was en route to riyadh for talks on relaunching talks on a political solution.   the appeals court also approved statements that said the companies "intentionally designed cigarettes to make them more addictive."   the app for iphone and android means you can capture, use drag and drop to edit and rearrange your clips before sharing them on your stream.   the apple watch edition will start at $,, apple announced during its event today.   “the applicant did not elaborate on the details of such a strategic alliance in its application.   "the application of cctv, closed circuit television systems, there will be some temporary ones set up.   the app makes email look like a chat app and removes the need for email's more formal protocols.   the appointment of gurib-fakim, a renowned scientist and biologist, is subject to parliament approval, due to take place tomorrow.   the approach won over voters but cost him his seniority.   the approval came with restrictions, including labels warning of potential side effects, such as low blood pressure and fainting.   the approval is a win for seattle-based amazon, the largest e-commerce company in the united states, and advances plans by the company and others to deliver packages using small, self-piloted aircraft.   the apps were used in communications among the terrorists for a period before the attacks, the officials say.   the app will not come pre-installed on iphones.   the ar-, the group said, is the best-selling rifle type in the nation.   'the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.'   • the arctic is expected keep melting, losing % of its annual average sea ice.   the area has a chronic shortage of doctors.   the area is also now a designated space for flying drones.   the area is a varied slice of middle england that's home to half-timbered tudor buildings and ancient churches as well as big-box stores and suburban cul-de-sacs of modern brick homes.   the area today has about , chinese traders — not including workers and other employees like min, and aubervilliers has become the main commercial junction between france and china.   the area will be filled with live entertainment including buskers, live art and lots of tasty treats.   the argentine won it for the first time since , heading off clubmate luis suarez and last year's winner cristiano ronaldo of real madrid after thursday's group-stage draw.   the argument that backwards compatibility is somehow a “bad thing” simply because it was introduced over a year into the current gen lifecycle is a joke, as again, sony did the exact same thing (and even has the nerve to charge us for the privilege).   the argument upset ben ahmed deeply.   the arizona daily star reported that four city police officers are on leave.   the arizona shooting killed six people and wounded others, including giffords.   the arkansas house voted - to pass the religious freedom restoration act, which follows the state senate's approval of the bill friday.   the army aircrew members belonged to the army national guard unit out of louisiana.   the army says it has cleared militants from most of the area and has a comprehensive plan for the phased return of those displaced by the fighting.   the army says it has killed more than , people who were planning terrorist attacks and disrupted the ability of the pakistani taliban to operate, but key leaders is still thought to be at large.   the arrangement has created a great deal of concern behind the scenes, and media experts cannot recall a similarly secretive purchase of a major daily paper in recent decades.   the array of muscle men all fixated on the mirror, weights in hand and compulsory tank top wasn't too inviting either.   the arrests have not been confirmed by the cuban authorities or reported by state media.   the arthur kills area is a good illustration, feller said, of that project finding success: "a glorious, contiguous system of forests, marshes, and edges."   the article beside it was not so happy.   the art is in the execution.”   the art of his otherwise mundane performance is that it's happening on the slopes of a giant spinning concrete bowl, where centrifugal forces are all that's holding the furniture in place.   the asahi has become the focus of their ire because it published a series of articles in the s based on the now-discredited testimony of a japanese man who said he had rounded up korean women to work in military brothels.   the ashram has long since been abandoned, but it remains a must-see stop for fans of the group.   the asian elephant is currently listed as an endangered species.   the assad regime has deployed thousands of fresh iranian, iraqi, lebanese and afghan shiite fighters to protect its regime from falling.   the assault, which ended when malian and international troops stormed the hotel, left people dead as well as two attackers, president ibrahim boubacar keita said.   the assembly health committee supports the idea but has called for changes to reduce the risk of staff being diverted from other areas.   the assertion might have been a preëmptive response to those who might ridicule the name change.   the assistance, now at about billion euros, has been maintained but not increased in past days, leaving the country's financial system in a stranglehold.   the associated press daytona beach, fla. – matt kenseth, coming off a winless season, has opened the new year with a victory.   the associated press favored santa cruz, -.   the associated press no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   the associated press posted: apr , : am et last updated: apr , : am et the "welcome to fabulous las vegas" sign is seen in las vegas, nevada in this file photo taken september , .   the associated press posted: dec , : am et last updated: dec , : am et emergency services navigate a flooded street in york.   the assumption here is that a manager with a high eq is someone for whom people will want to work.   the assyrian monitor for human rights confirmed that the christians had arrived in fairouzeh, km southeast of the city of homs, on friday afternoon.   theater is for + only.   the atlantic slave trade brought millions of workers.   the atlantis resort plans a bs$m renovation and a bs$m expansion of the albany resort is in progress.   the atmosphere of frustration contrasted with the mood of jubilation that prevailed friday when the police briefly opened the road, allowing the refugees to march a few kilometres closer to their destination.   the attack began early on friday when gunmen armed with automatic rifles, yelling "allahu akbar!"   the attack destroyed more than half the fleet of aircraft and damaged or destroyed eight battleships.   the attackers ran away up cunard street, the victim said.   the attack happened in the eastern qatif region, the heartland of saudi arabia’s shiite muslim minority.   “the attack left a scar.   the attack made him suspect that some french might look upon muslims differently after wednesday's attack.   "the attacks at the bataclan (concert hall) sparked a wave..   "the attack scheme shows that cybercriminals do not actually need root privileges to compromise web servers running linux and encrypt files.   the attacks in mumbai led to a rapid deterioration in relations between nuclear-armed india and pakistan, which have fought three wars since independence in , two of them over the disputed territory of kashmir.   the attack sparked a global debate over freedom of expression and its limits.   the attack that knocked french tv station tv monde off air for a few hours had clearly been carried out by sympathisers rather than is, said mr merkel.   the attack was the latest in a string of farc offensive actions since the group lifted a unilateral cease-fire in may aimed at giving space to peace talks.   the attack was the latest in three weeks of deadly violence.   the attendance of , was missouri's worst this season, dragged down by the school's struggles and the stormy conditions.   the attorney general was dismissed exactly one month later.   the auction house still has the coffin, because the lawsuit had put the sale of the coffin on hold.   the auction record for a guitar belongs to the fender stratocaster that bob dylan played at the newport folk festival.   the audience wants to see them married.   the augusta public schools website said "there has been no specific threat of harm to students, schools and school offices" and that "no lesson was designed to promote a religious viewpoint or change any student's religious belief."   the australian government welcomed nauru’s announcement, saying that more limited open arrangements had been in place at the camp since february, allowing some detainees to leave the center unescorted during agreed hours on certain days.   the australian marine wildlife research & rescue organisation (amwrro) has treated the burnt paws of a young male koala brought to its torrens island centre km northwest of adelaide.   the author does not allow comments to this entry login for full web page access first time users sign up here!   the authorities have not released any information about the age or gender of the alleged victim, or if the child was a student in landon's class.   the authorities say right-wing groups plan to intensify their anti-refugee violence.   the authors did not comment on what may be responsible for the decline in manufacturing jobs.   the automotive cng and lpg vehicle market is dominated by a few major players such as fiat chrysler automobiles nv (italy), ford motors (u.   the average -year fixed mortgage rate was . percent last week, according to mortgage firm freddie mac.   the average age for clients in massachusetts was , duncan said.   the average audience of . million was more than each game of the nba finals (), sunday night football (-), and the prime time average for the sochi olympics.   the average college-educated head of household under owes $ a month in student debt payments, according to an ap analysis of fed data.   the average employee clocks in , hours per year, or over hours per week. september : am et source: ubs "prices and earnings " report.   the average estimate of six analysts surveyed by zacks investment research was for earnings of $. per share.   the average fee for a -year mortgage rose to . point from . point last week.   the average fee for a -year mortgage was unchanged from last week at . point.   the average gestation period for african elephants is days or months.   the average income, adjusted for inflation, grew $ from to for the bottom % of americans.   the average length of a transcanada pipeline contract is to years, a company spokesman says, and a tar sands oil well is expected to operate an average of to years.   the average ticket price at $ reflects an average percent increase next season, when the met introduces a fridays under forty initiative of performances with p.m. starts, tickets priced at $-$ and pre-opera social events.   the average wage last year in d.c. was $,, an increase of . percent over and the first time it had gone up since .   the avid benchmark award recognizes builders that scored among the top % of a nationwide database of new home move-in experience surveys.   the award ceremony will take place on the january, at london’s o arena.   the awards are sharply reduced for men with less than five years in the league.   the awards were presented at a recent ceremony held at the olive garden in barboursville.   the award, voted for by the public, saw roche take % of the vote, with winner rodriguez on % and van persie some way back on %.   the b, b, b, and h metro bus routes run along the stretch of bladensburg road ne.   the baby is the newest member of the j-pod, one of three families of southern resident killer whales, which are endangered.   ' the backlash to the sixties among religious americans helped create the reagan majority.   the backpack is made of rugged, high-density polyester fabric with a water repellent coating for greater stain and abrasion resistance and even has an easy-to-reach water bottle holder.   the bad news is that the cartels have responded to this loss by shipping more coke, meth and especially heroin.   the bad news is: the ers lost their third straight game in a row yesterday.   the bahamas issued a hurricane warning for people to brace for heavy winds and rains.   the baking heat proved a boon for street kiosk operators offering cold drinks, who did a roaring trade.   the bamf, endres said, tries to help parents prevent their daughters from radicalizing and leaving home, but it's a difficult prospect.   the band made just one studio album, but its echoes still reverberate.   the band members found each other through a common interest of drama and rock music!   the bank announced in january that it would pay $. billion us for city national, but rbc's year-end report issued yesterday refers to the u.s. acquisition in the future tense.   the bank-focused conglomerate reported nt$. billion (us$ million) in net profit for the first six months of the year, or earnings per share of nt$., thanks to fee income improvement, company data showed.   the bank, however, plans to keep an eye on the potential economic implications for canada if the loonie stays higher than it has been in recent months.   the bank is already expected to pay $. billion under a uk bank levy this year, or about percent of expected profits because it is taxed on its global balance sheet.   the bank of greece assured in a statement saturday that the flow of cash will not be interrupted.   the bank of japan began a two-day meeting thursday, with all eyes on signs of when policymakers may launch further easing measures.   the bank of japan's "tankan" survey, released thursday, fell points to in september.   the bankruptcy of national clothing retailer coldwater creek last spring posed a serious challenge to the northern idaho city of sandpoint, as more than jobs vanished.   the bank separately announced its revised strategic plan, saying it would cut jobs in germany, austria and italy as it aims for a net profit of . billion euros by .   the bank's policy makers are expected to meet monday and if the funding is suspended greek banks would suddenly need to repay it — which could be mean the country crashes out of the eurozone."   the bank's shares rose . percent to $. in premarket trading on thursday after its adjusted earnings handily beat analysts' estimates.   the bank was in the lead by the amount of plastic transactions - over bln amd over (% y-o-y growth).   the banner bore a phrase from the quran and a muslim visitor to the home told neighbors she saw the couple sitting on the quranic verses.   the ban was the latest move in a row over the availability of drugs in greece, with pharmacists, drugmakers, wholesalers and public authorities trading blame while rights group warn of worsening public health conditions during the economic crisis.   the ban will take eff..   the bape — quebec's environmental review board — agreed that the public utility should be exploring other options.   the barclays logo is seen outside a branch of the bank in central london october , .   the bar is higher in the medical world because people’s lives literally hang in the balance.   the bar's board of directors said it took issue with those comments and asked her to resign, suspending her when she refused.   the bars come with labels like “replenish” and “nourish” and a cardiogram symbol.   the base didn't immediately respond to a message seeking updates tuesday from the associated press.   the basic routine processes of "access-to-knowledge" have shifted.   the basic software is free, and slack only charges for additional features once businesses opt to incorporate it more broadly into their operations.   the basketball game, which started an hour later than the soccer, averaged . million viewers as the golden state warriors clinched the nba title.   the 'batgirl' variant cover that got pulled.   the battery capacity remains the same ( mah), however, so if you're still waiting on a smartwatch to break through the three-day battery barrier, you might want to wait out for the next android wear round.   the battle over ge's ovens heats up.   the battle over the banner nicknamed the "stars and bars" was stoked by photos of roof showing the -year-old man posing with a confederate flag on a website bearing a racist manifesto.   the bay of fundy between nova scotia and new brunswick has the potential to generate $. billion for the nova scotia economy by , the study found.   the bbc has not been able to verify the video, apparently filmed on helmet cameras, but they are said to show the raid on a prison controlled by islamic state militants in the town of huwija.   the bbc is not responsible for the content of external sites.   the bbc news magazine examined how tv dramas rile people when key information concerning their occupations is inaccurate.   the b.c. lottery corporation says it reserves the right to void bets or recalculate odds on bets accepted in error.   the b.c.-wide petition has over signatures.   the beach boys - three brothers, brian, carl and dennis wilson; their cousin, mike love; and a friend, al jardine - began performing as the pendletones in high school, before making their first demo recordings in .   the beatles and rolling stones played shows in the building that once housed the blue lagoon, which is now a men’s clothing store, and the district has become an upscale shopping and entertainment area.   the bedbug-sniffing dogs will be checking other library locations over the next week, library officials said.   the beds are spacious and there's plenty of room for the buggy to be stored.   ' the beetle taxis were repainted in white and green in an attempt to refurbish their tarnished image.   the beggars’ comments came a day after police commissioner bill bratton urged new yorkers to simply not give if they want to get vagrants off the streets.   "the beginning of the season was fine, but my preparation was all about the masters," kaymer told reporters on wednesday on the eve of the season's final major.   the belgian federal prosecutor's office has also opened an investigation because the suspect boarded the train in brussels, said spokesman eric van der sypt.   the belgian one-day classics specialist came over the finish line with his arms spread in victory, with tinkoff-saxo’s contador pushing hard to claim second place and precious bonus seconds to increase his overall lead on his rivals.   the bell centre will host dion on july , aug. , and . céline dion serenades terminally ill quebec man at concert quebec city concerts are slated for aug. and at the vidéotron centre.   the bengals finished - on the road, matching their best mark for a season.   the bengals, who last month lost their only back-to-back games of the season, patiently waited for the mistakes to come then pounced.   the berlin public prosecutor's office is investigating the men, who are turkish citizens and are suspected of making "preparations for a serious act of violence endangering the state."   the berry fast is a coming-of-age ceremony to learn the teachings, importance and responsibilities of being a woman."   the best cases also offer button protection with great tactility, mimicking (or in some instances even enhancing) what you'd feel with a bare iphone.   the best handheld vacuum this post was done in partnership with the sweethome, a list of the best gear for your home.   the best management involves keeping people in a familiar living environment with adequate supervision for their safety.   the best mirrorless camera under $ () created with sketch.   "the best news is we are going to zero cases, there is absolutely no doubt about that," she said.   "the best of everything" suzy parker and louis jourdan in the romantic drama, "the best of everything," set in the ruthless world of new york city book publishing.   the best political reporting from nightly news and the nbc news politics team.   the best prospect for testing the theory in these realms is to look for ripples in space-time, known as gravitational waves.   the betteshanger sustainable park project has been granted £, by the heritage lottery fund to support the kent mining heritage museum.   the big catcher earned his third straight all-star nod and should be a favorite for his third gold glove in a row, too.   the big cat in context the duchess of windsor wallis simpson was an early fan of the cartier panther.   the big collision happened shortly after noon on southbound state route a few miles south of bakersfield, said california highway patrol scott jobinger.   the big f-series sales gain was particularly impressive because a shift in the auto-sales calendar meant that there were only selling days last month compared to in november .   the bigger the hospital, the more it can adopt systems that deliver better-organized, higher-quality, less-wasteful care.   the biggest bug-borne threat in the united states is west nile virus, which peaks during late summer.   the biggest impact could be an overall reduction of the bse's market cap.   the biggest problem, the forest service said, is the number of "mega-fires" that burn each year.   "the biggest reason why the peace process is derailed is erdogan.   the big-hitting thai, who also had six birdies along with three bogeys during the second round, felt it will be a challenge to keep up with jimenez.   "the big jump in revenue for etsy came from selling services to people and small businesses who sell their stuff on etsy’s website," writes gandel.   the big new contender in the space is apple, which has reportedly grown its music service to million users in just its first three months, although it remains to be seen how many will stick around once their free trial ends.   the big payout stemmed in part from allegations that toyota had dragged its feet before recalling more than million vehicles amid claims that some models inexplicably accelerated on their own, causing accidents and deaths.   the big question, said sharman, is whether breeding or technical change explain the improvements.   "the big thing is cover your guy when you are in blitz.   the big three: it's ours the fight over ftth (some call it fttp or fibre-to-the-premises) is now before the crtc, with many of the same arguments for access being presented by both sides.   the bikes lack pedals or training wheels, so riders simply push along on their feet -- often at a very young age.   the bill championed by sen. mark kirk (r-illinois) has failed to get a single democratic co-sponsor other than his co-author, sen. robert menendez (d-new jersey).   the bill has no senate companion legislation and lee said it appears “headed for a ditch” in the last three weeks of the legislative session.   the bill includes increases in value added tax, pension reform, the transposing of an eu directive on bank resolution into domestic law and a timetable for opening up the county's system of closed professions.   the billionaire businessman has percent of republican voters saying they would vote for him as the gop nominee, with wisconsin gov. scott walker trailing behind at percent.   the billions invested in arms trade and the military would have been far more efficient if used to build a harmonious society.   the bill's passage is the culmination of efforts to reform the nsa that blossomed out of nsa leaker edward snowden's revelations.   the bill to be passed on wednesday adopts into greek law new european union rules on dealing with failed banks, imposing losses on shareholders and creditors of ailing lenders before any taxpayers' money can be tapped in a bank rescue.   the bill will legalize possession of cannabis oil for treatment of certain medical conditions, such as the seizures suffered by baggarly's daughter kendle.   the bill will now move to the senate.   the bill would eliminate mandatory life sentences for three-time, nonviolent offenders, excluding violent offenders, sex offenders, inmates convicted of terrorism charges and some others.   the billy ray hobley scholarship fund was created to honor the legacy of billy ray "supertrotter" hobley, who was a cornerstone for the dillard university athletics department during his outstanding college career.   the biloxi-based unit traveled to the rural location in perry county, east of hattiesburg.   the blackhawks have blocked shots, compared to for the lightning.   the blaring alarm didn't keep them from collecting $, worth of marijuana.   "the blasts, these are likely the work of solo operators," ibrahim said.   the blaze doubled in size in a matter of hours, forcing some vacationers out of the park at the height of the summer tourist season.   the blaze has destroyed homes plus hundreds of other structures.   the blaze ignited in brush just outside wenatchee, quickly burning out of control about miles east of seattle.   the blocks, some as high as six feet (m), drew an audience by thursday morning as they melted in front of the -year old pantheon.   the blood center said they’ve seen a huge increase in donors recently, partly in response to the tragedy at umpqua community college.   the blood hasn't even dried yet," said coksun.   the bloodhound hit made it seem like an accurate perimeter, certainly, but beyond that, he said, "the lack of information in other areas makes us believe this is accurate as well."   the bloodletting among the oil majors and their vast web of ancillary services has, of course, extended to the united states, which appears to be taking far more casualties than saudi arabia in the battle for marketshare.   the blossoming chainlet has gotten tons of buzz for its guac burger, which quick bites columnist scott lynch dubs "definitely the best veggie/vegan burger i've ever had."   the blue-chip index added points, while the s&p climbed points.   the blue jays scored three in the seventh against right-hander vin mazzaro on doubles by valencia and carrera, walks to kawasaki and reyes, and a two-run single by donaldson.   the blue note play: will go on sale "in the coming weeks" exclusively at the sonos website (best buy must be disappointed about that).   the blues had already had a warning when enfield's mark kirby blasted over from six yards, after the home side failed to clear a free-kick on minutes, before bull had to produce a brilliant save to keep out ryan doyle's volley three minutes later.   the blues play european champions barcelona in their final international champions cup match in washington on july (: bst) before the community shield tie against arsenal at wembley on august.   the bnd reportedly passed on , pieces of information to the nsa von notz added that he found it "hard to imagine" that the chancellor's office was unaware of the spy agencies' cooperation.   the boa constrictor is believed to have escaped from its cage at a residence in the area on hanson and beckwith streets on sunday night.   "the board and management were at no point under pressure because of external expressions of opinion.   "the board of directors strongly believes the bbwaa has done an excellent job at reviewing candidates for election each year since ," said jane forbes clark, chairman of the board of the national baseball hall of fame and museum.   the board of education positions at stake will be filled at the annual school election scheduled feb. , .   the board's building plan is approved.   the board's report will form the basis of ontario's position when the national energy board holds hearings on energy east, expected sometime in .   the board stopped those payments in october on the day he was sentenced to to years in prison for sexually abusing children.   the boat was found capsized early in the morning, after it lost radio contact late on saturday, a coast guard official in the southern island of jeju said by telephone.   the boat was running true to form, when in the middle of the race both boats were becalmed.   the bodies of scott and nicole westerhuis and their children kailey, jaeci, connor and michael were found in the burned ruins of their home.   the bodies of the children were recovered.   the bodies were covered in white sheets that were brown from what appeared to be fluid from the decomposing corpses.   the body of -year-old alexander was found in his mesa apartment.   the body of alice, , was found in the river brent in west london on september, after she went missing a month earlier.   the body of richard oland, , was discovered in his office the next morning, lying face down in a large pool of blood.   the boeing logo is seen on a boeing dreamliner airplane in long beach, california march , .   the bolt is designed to be an affordable electric car, priced from around $,, with a -mile range between charges.   the bombs exploded shortly before friday prayers at a petrol station, the local security headquarters and the town council in qubbah, home town of parliamentary speaker aguila saleh, security officials said.   the bones are jumbled inside the wrappings, which are still shaped into a mold of the ancient woman's body.   the bonnie blue flag was flown at fort sumpter.   the book begins with scout, or jean louise finch, taking the train home to maycomb county on her fifth annual visit from new york.   "the border guards on board the boat thought that the unknown object was a beacon and tried to pull it towards the boat.   the boss is a series profiling entrepreneurs from around the world.   the bottom line?   the bottom line, according to joy, the fed is short on options.   the bottom line is that regenetek has never rejected a participant because they could not pay the full amount.   "the bowlers have dominated this game and it's great for cricket," smith said.   the boxes that were kept away from the walls were in fairly good shape.   the boy admitted to calling russell a racial slur prior to being thrown to the ground.   the boy died at the scene.   the boy is also learning the solar system, the periodic table of elements, and multiplication tables.   the boy, jeremy mardis, was hit by five bullets in the head and chest as he remained fastened in his seatbelt.   "the boys are in fact are good kids."   the boy's father, who lives legally with the mother in spain, was arrested on charges of human rights abuse for trying to have the boy smuggled into the country.   the boys’ team has followed blodgett’s lead and put in extra effort and work throughout the summer and early season.   the boys, two -year-olds and a -year-old, were intercepted in istanbul after police in london were made aware they had vanished.   the boy was mourned monday at his funeral in hattiesburg, mississippi, where he lived before moving with his father recently to louisiana.   the boy was released to the custody of his mother and faces charges in juvenile court of resisting arrest and trespassing.   the boy, who police say knew the girl as a neighborhood acquaintance, was arrested on suspicion of murder, vogel said.   the boy with the huge adam’s apple and the wire-rimmed glasses sitting by himself at a table on the continental terrace had seemed much more nonchalant as a dead marine two weeks before.   the brains at survey company survata asked , americans of voting age to declare their political affiliations.   the brand's featured collection, restored historic photography, makes inspired art of past generations accessible to modern society.   the brass-clad sculpture was built to honor romanian heroes of world war i. it survived communist attempts to pull it down in the s.   the braves win -. - completes six months of basic training in the army reserves.   the breaker wouldn't close to complete the circuit.   the breakthrough was no surprise to ortega, who served as the church's point man to ensure the negotiations would not die the quiet death of so many past attempts.   the brewers are - under counsell, developing a penchant for rallying in late innings.   the bride's mother, kari duane, said sunday that rather than cancel the reception, they invited sacramento's homeless for a once in a lifetime meal saturday at the citizen hotel, one of the city's finest venues.   the bridge is expected to cost $. billion.   the bridge was at risk of collapsing and slated for demolition last year, but a social media campaign organized by the community convinced the territorial government to stabilize and restore it.   the brief represents the administration's last real hope of getting a court to green light the programs before the next election.   the brilliant job carroll has done in building the seahawks to championship caliber should not be diminished.   the britain-based syrian observatory for human rights said the rebels fired over , artillery shells and mortars on foua and kfarya, killing at least people, including eight civilians.   the british association of sport and exercise medicine said it supported the stance taken by the premier league doctors group on wednesday and called for a full review of the events at the game.   the british department of energy and climate change interviewed , people face-to-face on their stance on the nation's energy mix.   the british government was "urgently" seeking further details from moscow and ankara, he said.   the british rider will join nairo quintana and vincenzo nibali as the favorites for the overall victory.   the british singer will take her show on the road with a newly announced european tour kicking off in belfast on february .   the broadcaster said the programme's cast and crew were all "deeply saddened" by the news.   the brothers started by combing the internet for ideas, looking to the companies in the united states where the tiny house market is big and booming.   the brothers will direct both parts of the studio's "avengers: infinity war," taking over the billion-dollar franchise from joss whedon, who directed the first two avengers films.   the browns also tendered a second-round qualifying offer for pro bowl safety tashaun gipson.   the bucks were leading - when rose hit two jumpers and gasol buried one of his own to make it a three-point game with : left.   the budget also includes a $ "second earner" tax credit for families with two working spouses and calls on states to establish paid sick leave.   the budgets hold the line on taxes and preserve service levels in the police and fire departments and at city transit.   the builders are looking at it from that perspective: 'if i have a choice of going up- and down-market, i’ve got to go up-market.'   the building is part of the university of northern british columbia campus.   the buildings vary from ramshackle cinder block homes typical of squatter settlements, or favelas, to well-built spacious houses by the water.   the building will still provide affordable housing once the $ million project is complete, hud said.   the bulk of the afghan fleet is made up of aging mi- transport aircraft, but it was not immediately clear what type of helicopter was involved in the crash.   "the bulldozing of the archaeological site of nimrud marked a new step in the cultural cleansing underway in iraq.   the bullet lodged in the wall where she was leaning.   the bumpy, -minute ride offers a unique perspective on the two faces of xi'an.   the bureau of immigration has asked zayn malik and louis tomlinson to post bonds worth nearly $, us each, which will be forfeited if they are caught using or impliedly promoting illegal drugs during a concert in manila this weekend.   the bureau of land management does not allow camping within feet of water sources; u.s. forest service rules vary by forest and area.   the bus driver, who has not been named, was allegedly assaulted by a large group of drunken youth who boarded a double-decker bus on route heading downtown around : a.m. pt on sunday.   the buses and trains would keep running to hungary, he said.   the bushes had other ideas.   the bush's relationship with the kennebunkport couple illustrates the evolution of opinion on the issue of same-sex marriage, as well as the conflicting messages some republicans have sent.   the business is opening may , which is about two weeks behind schedule.   the business makes automotive seating, overhead systems, floor consoles, door panels and instrument panels.   the business mogul has demanded..   the c- hercules transport plane slammed into a neighborhood of medan, a major city on the indonesian island of sumatra, shortly after takeoff tuesday, leaving a hellish scene of smoldering wreckage and shattered buildings.   the c- was dispatched to assess the situation.   the caa states that directors of air shows "should consider imposing minimum height restrictions over local sensitive and congested areas".   the cabinet late tuesday discussed a range of new physical measures to improve security on the -kilometre (-mile) frontier with syria.   the cable from a tramway in the coastal city of alexandria landed in streets flooded with water, electrocuting the five, senior health official magdy hegazy said.   the caixin flash pmi is the earliest economic measure of the chinese economy to be released each month and is closely watched for clues on how growth is faring.   the calgary herald reported this week that randy dawson has agreed to be the provincial campaign manager for the pcs, a role he has held in previous elections.   the california company's billionaire founder, elon musk, was encouraged nonetheless and plans another rocket-landing test next month.   the california democrat had criticized senator tom cotton, an arkansas republican, for penning an "open letter" to iran in the middle of negotiations on an arms pact – and after cotton had been in the senate less than three months.   the californian spends half the year in dublin, guiding season even as he writes season and polishes plays and film scripts, including the next james bond film, "spectre," due out this november.   the call comes amid heightened tension in the region between beijing and washington, which is promoting its own trade deal among allies.   “the callous disregard and extreme indifference that was shown to unsuspecting victims is reflected in the overt acts alleged.”   the call was later determined to be unfounded in that case.   the calq has asked for a meeting with the minister to make a last-ditch plea to reverse the cuts.   "the camaraderie is just outstanding.   the cameras cost between $ and $, each and there are costs associated with storing and managing the video generated by the cameras.   the campaign also urges shooters to carry bags to pick up their own trash as well as what others have left.   the campaign did not release fundraising totals.   the campaign ends saturday even though it has only collected one per cent of it's $ million goal.   the campaign follows similar socially conscious efforts by other major sports leagues, including the nfl’s campaign against domestic violence.   the campaign for tobacco free kids said that tobacco use kills , people and costs some $ million in medical bills annually in hawaii.   the campaign has hosted grassroots campaign events in the state, conducted one-on-one meetings, has , active volunteers and had , south carolinians sign a commit to vote card.   the campaign has yet to shake things up in any significant way.   the campaign includes the free veterans institute workshops, as well as public service announcements highlighting the skills and experience of veterans who work at disney.   the campaign invited people to upload photos of their pets to a humane society web site and solicit contributions from family, friends, and others.   the campaign is asking the court to order an "immediate restoration" of its access to the voter data system, in keeping with an agreement it signed in october with the dnc.   “the campaign is going fine,” clark said.   the campaign is the longest in years and it will also be among the most expensive for taxpayers.   the campfire ban came after weeks of dry, drought conditions across southern b.c. sparked a slew of wildfires.   the canadian dollar lost more than half a cent on friday due in part due to more weakness in oil markets.   the canadian musician released "jagged little pill" in and became inescapable with hits such as "ironic," "you oughta know" and "head over feet."   the canadian press obtained the four-page document under the access to information act. it says complaints flooded ritz's office after the may closure of toronto-based chai poultry, one of canada's two suppliers of kosher chicken.   the canadiens, beaten - in overtime by tampa bay on tuesday, went a second straight game without an even strength goal.   the canadiens went on to maintain the best record in the nhl and win the stanley cup in his first year behind the bench.   the canal water "tasted like mud, poop, ground-up grass, detergent, gasoline."   the cancellation of the event follows the referral to trial by public prosecutors of author ahmed naji, for publishing in a literary magazine an excerpt from his novel, "the use of life," that prosecutors said violated public morals.   the canopystair comprises of an aluminum tripod frame, a coarse surface tread, handrail, and a ratchet strap that quickly fastens the step into place.   the capital improvement board approved the construction, slated for a site across from bankers life fieldhouse, in a unanimous vote monday.   "the cap legislation currently before the city council will be tabled throughout the traffic study process," said first deputy mayor anthony shorris in a statement.   the captain of the crashed plane had flown for germanwings for more than years, and had more than , flight hours on this model of airbus.   the captain of the ill-fated airliner, known only as irianto -- many indonesians go by one name -- had been with airasia for six years.   the card contained many photos of a big wedding trip to new orleans, and the last couple shots are of a man on a boat in hagg lake.   the cardinal and fighting irish both had to dodge upset bids on the road saturday night.   the cardinals lead the league in scoring, averaging nearly points a game.   the cards being rolled out by banks and credit card companies are aimed at reducing fraud from counterfeit cards.   the car had remained in george barris' own collection until it was sold two years ago. 's sleek ride: the aston martin db the aston martin db is considered a "james bond" fan favorite another fan favorite is super spy james bond's aston martin db.   the car manufacturer he interned with ended up becoming his first client, with le meur building one of the first car dealership websites for them that year.   the car moved over, crossing into the adjacent lane.   the carry-on measure applies only to those departing from sharm el-sheikh, british officials said.   "the cars were marked, and the tourists' luggage was put on top, for everyone to see.   the car tself is a key component of the first ever "the fast & the furious" movie as toretto's character was initially apprehensive about driving it.   the case for another pc victory the experience of the election, however, looms large over this campaign.   the case had been set for trial in a week in suburban seattle.   the case had haunted blatter but he was cleared of any wrongdoing by an internal ethics report, while both teixeira and leoz have since resigned and are now implicated in the new department of justice indictment.   the case has been referred to the country's top religious scholar for a non-binding opinion.   the case is back before the courts on nov. . . how will this sitting set the tone for coming public sector negotiations?   the case is clearcorrect operating llc v. itc, -, u.s. court of appeals for the federal circuit (washington).   the cases were referred to the police earlier this year by the independent parliamentary standards authority watchdog, which oversees expenses.   the case was not about the money as i plan to donate the proceeds to charity.   the case was opened by a wikipedia volunteer and alleged that the account was linked to another account "hackneymarsh" belonging to the politician, grant shapps, a former marketing businessman.   the case was referred back to the munich court for a final decision that takes the european court's conditions into account.   the caseworker observed the condition of the home and found another picture of the son located on the kitchen table with flowers taped to the side of it and knife lying beside it.   the casino concession will be valid for years and will enjoy years of exclusive operation.   the castle currently houses the smithsonian's administrative headquarters.   the casualty was then flown to tunbridge wells hospital with head, chest, arm and hand injuries.   the catch: console owners won't get to experience those games in true vr.   the cause of the accident was under investigation but bektas said authorities believe the milk truck driver might have fallen asleep while driving.   the cause of the fire is still under investigation.   the cause of the fire is unknown.   the cause of the fire is unknown and is under investigation at this time.   the causes of their cancers could have been many other things, called confounders.   the caution about "washing one's dirty linen in public" is partly what allowed the us government to experiment on black airmen, without their consent or knowledge, the effects of untreated syphilis.   the cavs had their -game winning streak snapped on friday last week, a run that started when they beat the lakers on jan. . this time, love made five three-pointers in the second quarter and two more in the third as cleveland opened a -point lead.   the cbc's bob jones predicts gas in new brunswick will increase by four cents a litre tonight — a trend that he believes will also happen in nova scotia.   the cbo and jct currently provide some macroeconomic analysis as supplements to major bills, such as immigration reform or president barack obama's healthcare law.   the cboe volatility index <.   the cboe volatility index (vix), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded below . the index has fallen nearly percent for the week.   the cdc has already begun an investigation.   the cds contain the full album, the remastered us version, b-sides, mixes live versions and a previously unreleased version of 'revol'.   the cellos have dramatic back stories, too.   the cells likely send signals to alter skin coloration without involving the central nervous system, the researchers said.   the census describes hispanic or latino ethnicity as "a person of cuban, mexican, puerto rican, south or central american, or other spanish culture or origin regardless of race."   the center also said that received a deep cleaning after the first cases were reported.   the center for justice says their priority is to work with the city to find candidates that are committed to reform as well as seeing that they find a new chief in a timely fashion.   the center said that , students are sitting for the exams at test centers nationwide.   the central bank said that the decision to close the banks was in line with demands from the international monetary fund.   the central bank will make its first policy announcement of on wednesday.   the central hotel bomb was by no means a one-off.   the central pk- neighbourhood was the epicentre of unprecedented killings between christians and muslims in bangui in late and early .   the centre routinely doles out sick-notes to islanders as employers usually demand them to curtail truancy.   the ceo explained that in the past year, the company has elevated its focus on signature categories, specifically relating to style.   the ceremonial lighting of the tree will take place later this month, at a date yet to be announced.   the ceremony took place at the islamic society of corona-norco, according to the marriage license, though the mosque's facility manager denied it occurred there.   the ceremony was held in the tallinn registrar’s office and the reception was held at a restaurant later in the day, making it a low-key and intimate celebration.   the cesarean delivery rate declined for the second straight year, to . percent of all u.s. births in .   the chain says the liquidation sales could take between eight and weeks, and the retailer's presence in canada is expected to be gone by early may.   the chair of the assembly's finance committee, sinn féin's daithí mckay, said he will convene an emergency sitting to examine the allegations.   the chairwoman of the fed, janet yellen, has said that any rate rises would be gradual, but hinted last month that the first increase would come this year.   the challenge is to keep the transformation going.   the challengers will argue that the government agency has exceeded its legal authority, in part by allowing states to meet their targets not only through limiting power plant emissions but via additional measures such as promoting renewable energy.   the champ's tips: how to do well on clay scotland's royal wedding the busy life of serena's coach rafa's racket is wired!   the chancellor called on carmakers to provide internships, vocational training and jobs for refugees while thanking companies for the endeavors already undertaken in this direction.   the changes in portfolio focus are occurring as more dollars head into emerging-market stock mutual funds and exchange-traded funds.   the change will lower the threshold for gst collection from online goods from its current au$, level to zero.   the changing demographics of the jewish population in north america is driving the movement to embrace interfaith families.   the character of elena is more problematic — after a key turn in the play, she unfortunately becomes something of a one-note character, a problem i'm more inclined to blame on the writing than performance here.   the charges against macphee and his alleged accomplices included breaking and entering, robbery, unlawful confinement and assault with a weapon.   the charges are for summary offences, which generally means they are not considered serious violent crimes.   the charity did not respond to questions about whether it purchased any of carson’s books for fundraisers or whether it pays for him and his wife to travel to the awards ceremonies.   the charlotte, north carolina, companies are key partners in the $ billion atlantic coast pipeline that will be the first major natural gas pipeline to serve the eastern part of the state.   the chart above, however, shows that approval ratings can swing wildly.   the chart shows the actual dates, whether it was for gasoline or diesel, and the amount.   the checkpoints should be established by the end of the year, the ministers said.   "the checks our agents make already should show up if someone is an illegal immigrant, just like we do checks on money laundering so the mechanisms we have in place are sufficient.   “the chelan complex acreage will go up,” wisehart said.   "the chemical analysis of strontium isotopes done in this study indicates that the decapitated individual was not an outsider to the group," salazar-garcía said.   the chicago architecture biennial also put together a lakefront kiosk competition, which invited architects to design a kiosk along the shore.   the chicago chef has built up an inimitable reputation over the last years by turning alinea into one of the united states' most theatrical and forward-thinking restaurants.   the chief american diplomat said obama was asking everyone in the u.s. government for new concepts to speed up the fight.   the chief of the assembly of first nations, perry bellegarde, was also at today's gathering.   the chief science officer at autism speaks, an autism advocacy group, urged parents to vaccinate their children.   the chiefs do not have a running back by committee.   the child advocate investigates the deaths of children who are in the province's care or who are supported by the province.   the children haven’t realized that they are now orphans.   the children taken from home for a social experiment by ellen otzen bbc world service in the s, a group of inuit children were taken from their families in greenland to be re-educated as model danish citizens.   the children were taken to hospital in the town of braunau am inn on friday suffering from severe dehydration.   the children who were sent across the oceans, into the states, all over canada, who were taken for years, i pray for them."   the children will start school next wednesday.   the child's mother has also gone missing, as beijing cracks down on activists at home.   the chinese automaker unveiled the ievs on friday at the guangzhou motor show.   the chinese cherish stability.   the chinese communist party does try to address some of these concerns, especially economic ones.   the chinese market has become increasingly important for hollywood as revenues from movie theaters stagnate at home.   the chinese minister of foreign affairs will pay on december an official visit to cyprus, during which he will be received by the president of the republic nicos anastasiades and have a meeting with the minister of foreign affairs ioannis kasoulides.   the choice of new members has once again turned the spotlight on the workings of the house of lords - and its size.   the choice program, the centerpiece of the va overhaul approved last year, makes it easier for veterans to receive federally paid medical care from local doctors.   the chongqing branch of picc has paid million yuan to chongqing eastern shipping corp so far, said the paper.   the chosen hit should also be from a newcomer artist.   “the chosen location for the paris olympic village delivers on all of these fronts.”   the chp meanwhile has sought to play on the perceived excesses of the ruling party, even accusing erdogan of having golden toilet seats in his new presidential palace in ankara.   the christian missionary crossed into north korea from china, carrying a letter asking kim jong il to free political prisoners and resign.   the christie administration has applied that exception widely, prompting several ongoing lawsuits.   the chromatophores in the skin samples expanded the most when exposed to blue light — the same kind of light that opsins, or the proteins found in eyes that detect pigment, respond to the best.   the chronicle front page on aug. , , marks the end of world..   the "chuck" star married peregrym in maui, hawaii on june . the former "bachelorette" married tyler johnson in a surprise ceremony on saturday, june , at her new husband's parents' estate in south carolina.   the church of satan puts the individual at the center of the universe, what high priest peter gilmore describes as going from an "a-theist" to an "i-theist."   the church shooting in charleston happened on //," he wrote.   the cia also conducts targeted strikes in yemen.   the cia did not immediately respond to a request for comment.   the cinemas offer visitors to santo domingo a d audio-visual immersive experience about the history, culture and values of the dominican republic in a fun, entertaining and educational way.   the circumstances leading up to the crash are under investigation.   the citation calls her “an outstanding clinical investigator who changed the management of hodgkin’s disease and breast cancer."   the citizen's staff is glad to have her on board as well.   "the city and the police department need to do better," said baltimore's new police commissioner kevin davis.   "the city bent over backward" to bring valongo into public view, silva said.   the city broke ground on the tunnel in june .   the city contracts photo radar to private companies.   the city council will vote next month on infrastructure incentives for the developer, who hopes to begin construction early next year for a opening.   the city currently operates the system for the region, but a new provincewide system will soon be implemented.   the city does not have to formally register its hosting interest, which needs aoc endorsement, until january .   the city estimates it would cost $ billion to build a temporary diversion or storage area for wastewater.   the city had been relatively quiet for months before saturday's attack.   the city has come under attack several times this year.   "the city health people aren't doing the right job.   the city is home to nearly , maids, mainly from indonesia and the philippines, and criticism from campaign groups over their treatment is growing.   the city is no longer in bankruptcy, and has experienced an increase in companies opening shop and investing in it, according to james paine, managing partner at west realty advisors.   the city is set to host the rio olympic games next summer.   the city is still a center today, but for migrants and refugees who use it as a base from which to begin their journey to the west.   the city of . million was deserted months ago during the worst ebola outbreak ever recorded.   the city officials spoke friday on the condition of anonymity because they aren't permitted to discuss the ongoing investigation.   the city says that's less than the asking price, but more than the building's appraised value.   the city says the program is working — in that less household waste is going to the dump.   the city's buses will operate on standard weekday schedules with minor timing changes.   the city's new mayor decided to revisit the issue.   the city, stober emphasized, "needs to focus on engineering solutions, the enforcement of traffic safety laws and education solutions to bring those numbers down."   the city’s traffic tangle, its housing-affordability crisis and the rocky relationship between its citizens and police remain challenges, and murray spoke about each.   the city was under a boil-water advisory because of an apparent power outage at one of its pumping stations.   the city would not comment, citing ongoing legal proceedings.   "the claim that guidelines on dietary fat introduced in the s and s were not based on good scientific evidence is misguided and potentially dangerous," said christine williams, a professor of human nutrition at britain's reading university.   the class action suit claimed google's terms violated antitrust laws in the area of device distribution.   the classes also provide free dinner, the founder said.   the classic red head returned to lead a comeback victory.   the class was established after the crushing january uprising of by russia, and following the closing of the school of fine arts in warsaw which students participated in the uprising.   the clear winner in the current downturn was wal-mart.   the client is not identified in court papers.   the client walks out with $ that day, and the $ is less than most firms charge just to prepare a return.   "the clinics were also benefiting them.   the clintons, and their daughter chelsea, center, depart the white house on august , , with their dog buddy on their way to a two-week vacation in martha's vineyard, massachusetts.   the clippers are sixth in the west and need austin to play a prominent role with their second-unit after waiving veteran guard jordan farmar in order to make room for him.   “the closing of residential schools did not bring their story to an end,” warns the commission.   the clothes themselves were so pretty, with a lot of sequins and reflective materials.   the club and the ice is maintained by volunteers but the union says the refrigeration equipment is owned, maintained and operated by town employees.   the club, founded in , organizes golf's oldest major, the british open, and also administers the rules of the sport from its famous headquarters in st andrews in scotland.   the coalitions excluded those groups directly linked to al-qaeda, like jabhat al-nusra, but did include both salafist and non-jihadist rebel groups.   the coast guard was notified of the incident by the grand isle police department.   the co-chairmen of the iraqi intelligence commission issued a report indicating that u.s. intelligence agencies were wrong in most pre-war assessments about weapons of mass destruction in iraq.   the codec allows for higher quality video streams and uses less bandwidth, but requires a bit more processing power.   the collaboration was announced in lagos on friday at channels tv headquarters.   "the collaborative approach has already proven successful in many areas," says caudet.   the collapsed scaffold sprawled across six lanes of roosevelt road, damaging vehicles and obstructing traffic for two hours until a rescue team removed the structure, taipei city government spokesman sidney lin (林鶴明) said.   the collapse was the worst such accident in bangladesh's history.   the collector bees then know exactly where to go and also the quality and quantity of the food.   the college loans will eventually get paid off, but the earlier you start saving for retirement, the wealthier you will be in the long-run,” he said.   the college of physicians and surgeons will not release a list of doctors who can't prescribe narcotics.   the colorado river in wharton and the brazos and san jacinto rivers near houston are the main focus of concern as floodwaters moved from north and central texas downstream toward the gulf of mexico.   "the colors of auroras depend on whatever the atmosphere they take place in is made of.   the combination of an instinctual control scheme and some gravity-defying physics provided an extremely silly sense of presence for wannabe quacks.   the combined cost of the reparations and the loss of its industry were deemed a fitting punishment for the germans, who pretended not to know what was going on but were fully culpable for the rise and the grotesque atrocities of the hitler regime.   the comedy has loyal followers, but too few of them for nbc to keep it.   the comedy -- starring megan mullally, sean hayes, messing and eric mccormack -- ran for eight seasons on nbc.   "the comments by our writer mr kadri gursel are incompatible with the understanding and responsibility of the ethics of our group of journalists," it said in a statement.   the comments from markus soeder, regional finance minister of the bavarian csu, highlight the reluctance of some in germany to letting in so many refugees.   the commerce department said friday that consumer spending inched up just . percent in september, partly because consumers were spending less on gasoline as energy prices fell.   the commercial bus was heading south from the portland international airport when just before a.m. the operator, jack c heisler, , of stayton, dropped a water bottle.   the commission earlier ruled out building a new airport on an island in the thames estuary, which had been recommended by johnson, as "unfeasibly expensive."   the commission had asked halau lokahi's governing board to come up with a financial sustainability plan over winter break before deciding whether to release another round of per-pupil funds to the school.   the commission has been looking at the transportation loan for several months as a way of raising funds for transportation projects.   the commission is also considering removing the nt$ million (us$,) cap on margin loans to individual investors, leaving brokerages and financial institutions to determine the ceiling on a case-by-case basis, the commission said.   the commission on thursday said roo hsing’s planned investment would include an investment of us$. million in j.d. united’s base in hong kong and us$. million in j.d united’s five subsidiaries in china.   the commission that wrote the report recommended banning russia's track and field team from next year's summer olympics in rio de janeiro unless the country immediately acts to stamp out the culture of cheating.   the commission will look to see how american consumers would benefit if the deal were to be approved.”   the commitment the community made to its people, and helping them get back in their homes, that is a testimony to the strength of this community.”   the committee was conducting hearings on terrorism following the september attacks.   the communication segment is pegatron’s biggest revenue source, contributing percent of total revenues in the first quarter of this year, while the division that manufactures notebooks accounted for percent.   "the community built its institutions — all of them," martin-laforge said.   the community house foundation will decide which areas of the building will be repaired using the remaining grant money after the roof is replaced.   “the community is invited to join the celebration,” said organizer april smith.   the community police commission is viewed as a key provision in a reform-minded consent decree between cleveland and the u.s. department of justice.   "the community supports our students.   the companies in october said they are in talks.   the companies say this week's quarter-point interest rate increase from the federal reserve will have only a minimal impact on auto sales.   the company also commissioned a chicago graffiti artist who goes by the name revise cmw to paint a giant installation along one of the walls.   the company also is adding a flex program that allows new parents to gradually return to full-time hours.   the company also notified retailers to stop selling the product.   the company also pointed out that same-store sales increased more than % at its other brands, during the same time they nose-dived for jos.   the company also says it can’t prove the agencies were behind the attacks.   the company boasts it is the first car to include a fully interactive mid-air hologram interface.   the company debuted its first product at this year's consumer electronics show: a smart, plug-free electric scooter.   the company decided to move its headquarters to san mateo county from palo alto, which is located in santa clara county, because it needed more office space for a burgeoning staff.   the company describes itself as a “leader in innovative consumer electronics and entertainment experiences," and if its high positive ratings are an indication, customers likely agree.   the company designed and purchased the system and lined up building permits, financing, and government tax breaks.   the company expects devices using the technologies unveiled tuesday to hit the market by .   the company faces a fine of up to $ billion, more than a quarter's worth of profits.   the company generates more of its revenue from international sales than many of its peers.   the company had cut the five men a deal: five girls for $, a $ discount.   the company had to battle with some "really big players," according to michael wallis-brown, guvera's chief commercial officer, and wasn't "taken that seriously" when talks began.   the company has a market share of over per cent of internet searches in the eu, compared with around per cent in the u.s. vestager said that one in four companies complaining about google were u.s. rivals.   the company has closed underperforming stores, cut jobs and left businesses to focus on its signature plastic molded-shoe business.   the company has existing cooperation with nearly all of china's cable television operators.   the company has faced tough competition from amazon (amzn, tech) as well as walmart (wmt).   the company has focused on sedans rather than suvs, misreading consumer demand at a time of sluggish global demand for sedans such as the elantra.   the company has made a name for itself, in part, from the mega concerts in our region over the past decade.   the company has raised $ million since it was founded in .   "the company has repeatedly fallen short of certain financial and production targets and moody's no longer expects significant improvement in leverage over the medium term," the report read.   the company has seen hefty demand for its standard smartwatch and pebble steel watch, announcing in early february that it had shipped more than million smartwatches in total.   the company has signed hundreds of fighters and has bought large amounts of time on national broadcast networks to showcase its fighters.   the company is to pay an average of ￥. million (us$,) to directors, excluding external board members, for the fiscal year that ended in march, according to a statement posted yesterday on toyota’s web site.   the company is voluntarily removing the remains of thousands of dead sheep buried alongside the iconic water tower from the s.   the company just unveiled the surface and, as rumored, it comes loaded with full windows ..   the company moved more goods than ever during the fourth quarter, which included the annual chinese shopping extravaganza known as singles day, with gross merchandise value reaching . billion yuan, an increase of percent.   the company only has .% of the market, so it is dropping the price of the passat by some $, to get close to $,.   the company operates wagering venues and sports bars under the brand winners.   the company plans to make felica easier to adopt.   the company plans to sell around aircraft this year.   the company recently produced its first power tool in the us in years.   the company said it could make enough doses for million vaccines over a period of to months.   the company said it is an “estimated decrease from last year,” but did not give the percentage decline due to an internal change in the way it calculates data.   the company said it would not air the miss usa pageant, partly owned by trump.   the company said it would offer a three-month trial to apple music, after which the service will cost yuan ($.) per month.   the company saw its corporate and other category - which includes businesses and items not allocated to aig's reportable segments - swing to an operating loss of $ million, compared with operating income of $ million in the year-ago period.   the company says it could have m doses of the vaccine available this year.   the company's casinos in various cities, including las vegas and atlantic city, have continued to operate.   the company's history with consumer-based cloud services is almost as long but not nearly as successful.   the company's revenue has soared ,% since to hit $. billion and net income has jumped even faster, ,%, to $. billion.   the company struck its second acquisition in two months thursday, agreeing to buy orbitz worldwide for about $. billion in cash to add yet another well-known brand to its ranks.   the company sued rivals a.v.e.l.a. and others in , arguing that their sales of marley merchandise violated federal trademark law.   the company suggested it might charge tens of thousands of dollars for a round of treatment, although the real prize might have been a government voucher potentially worth hundreds of millions.   the company swung to a loss of $. million, or cents per share, in the quarter ended dec. , from a profit of $,, or cents per share, a year earlier.   the company that produced the children's book, main stay publishing, promotes it on its website as their latest product for "presidential candidate ben carson."   the company, under chief executive satya nadella, has been shifting its focus to software and cloud services as demand for the windows operating system slows in a weak pc market.   the company was hit with a class-action lawsuit in a federal court in washington state wednesday.   the company, which launched in , has been using tinypulse for the last year and plans continue to use it as they grow.   the comparison breed makes is a natural.   the complaint accused ferreira of pushing jopek down a staircase at the party, causing her to break her neck and killing her.   the complete skeleton is expected to go on display in leiden by the end of next year, when it'll become the only original t. rex on exhibit outside of the united states.   the complimentary express start breakfast bar, with hot cinnamon rolls, is the perfect way to start the day.   the composer talked about working on as many as four planned avatar sequels in an interview posted on youtune in april.   the computer has taken them out of the loop.   the concept actually pioneered in canada and these pickup boxes are already available at some grocery stores and walmarts here.   the conference of national black churches applauded mccarthy's dismissal.   the conference's final declaration accented the need to improve cooperation among countries on trading routes, strengthen prosecution mechanisms, and insure that local communities benefit from conservation.   the conference "was held in the qatari capital doha without the knowledge of the iraqi government," iraqi foreign ministry spokesman ahmad jamal told al jazeera.   the conflict between kyiv and moscow erupted with full force in late .   the conflict has surged in ferocity since a two year ceasefire collapsed in july, leaving long-term peace negotiations in tatters.   the conflict in syria has been hard on women.   the conflict in the region has claimed roughly , lives since last march.   the confusion on the bases might've prompted some baseball fans with a sense of history to recall a most famous play from more than years ago involving fred merkle.   the congress gave the fcc broad authority to update its rules to reflect changes in technology and marketplace behavior in a way that protects consumers."   "the congressional sanctions have had a major effect on their economy.   the congress took place in the spectacular southern wing of the former royal palace built by louis xiv, in an ornate chamber decorated with allegorical paintings evoking war and peace.   the connection between them deserves further consideration,” wang kai-lun (王凱倫), a pastor at a taichung church, wrote on his facebook page.   the consecration comes years after the first female priests were named.   the conservative 'brexit' risk but some, such as the boss of siemens (siegy) uk, have been spooked by cameron's decision to put britain's membership of the eu at risk.   the conservative government had argued the five-year rule was reasonable and in line with international norms.   the conservatives were struggling to hold on to the ridings they have in atlantic canada and mackay’s exit certainly won’t help them there.   the conservative was skewering the argument that marriage brings with it freedoms such as expression, intimacy and spirituality.   the console is there to provide a pretty backdrop for the flood of video interviews he’ll be doing to promote his upcoming film jurassic world, but right now he seems more excited about the memories it’s conjuring up.   the constitution, adopted last month, also requires that one-third of the country's lawmakers be women, and that women be included in all government committees.   the constitutional defense fund was created in to defend the state's legal rights against the federal government.   the content is produced solely by the conversation.   the contestants: the heart of the film festival is the competition.   the contract call for haskell-lemon construction to finish the $ million project within days but incentives will be granted for earlier completion.   the contract went to phyamerica.   the convenience store is near the mill creek home the man shared with his grandparents.   "the conversation about collection and a conversation about use are very different conversations," he said.   the conversation took a sci-fi turn, and the couple began fantasizing about travelling back in time to buy a now priceless brownstone for what my progenitors used to call a bagel.   the convicted murderers had then planned to kill mitchell's husband, lyle, before fleeing to mexico, officials said.   the cooling effects of this garden, combined with the natural light, is said to reduce heat gain within the museum.   the co-op offers lower-priced seed, and she says farmers are using less fertilizer, to accommodate tighter budgets.   the cops drove joseph to the th precinct station house and he allegedly confessed to the ruse, saying he was trying to avoid a cat when he swerved and hit three parked cars.   the core "cool factor" of the transformer — its ability to dramatically alter its shape and function — is increasingly possible.   the coroner, eden, and various lawyers with standing at the inquest were respectful and sensitive monday to the youths’ families.   the cost breakdown was provided by the house of assembly following a request from cbc news.   the cost of each letter of the toronto sign was $,, kelly said.   the cost of electricity throughout the bahamas is simply too high.   the cost of maintaining the buildings is currently estimate at just over $ million, according to documents from the school board.   the cost of punishment chases people long after they have served their time.   the cost of stationing nato troops in europe is enormous."   "the cost vs. value results demonstrate that provia's products are enhancing resale value for homeowners," says phil wengerd, vice president of market strategies for provia.   the council of imams and preachers of kenya had condemned the caricatures of mohammad as blasphemous.   the councilor said there will lots of sitting room in both the sun and shade.   the council passed an ordinance allowing carroll county residents who live outside the city to serve on the city advertising and promotions commission membership, if they own or operate a tourism-related business in the city.   the country became the socialist republic of vietnam on july , . historic moments from the s photos birth of the blockbuster – in the summer of , steven spielberg had people flocking to the theaters instead of the beaches.   the country has already received this week approval for a billion euro loan, and is negotiating on more economic measures needed to get another billion euros.   "the country is really at its limit."   the country needs a deal by august, when it has a debt repayment of about €bn to make to the european central bank.   the country preserved its independence throughout.   the country regularly faces largely peaceful protests, but some degenerate into violence by an extremist fringe.   the country relies on oil exports for percent of its hard currency.   the country's deputy health minister was quoted by the al sharq al awsat newspaper on friday as saying people had been injured in the fire - the latest in a series of accidents that have killed hundreds of people at saudi public facilities.   the country's investments in renewables appear to have peaked in and are now expected to be at least a third lower annually than they were at the peak over the next few decades.   the country's kafala labor system also ties migrant workers to their employers, who can confiscate passports and withhold pay as they see fit.   the country's top prosecutor, as part of broader efforts to fight corruption, will focus on "enormous, long-term and serial" bribery as part of a new campaign it is leading, the official xinhua news agency said.   the couple are in line to be the first same sex couple married in mobile, alabama.   the couple divorced in .   the couple got married in september, but started dating after peter had joined the marines.   the couple have asked "for privacy and sensitivity going forward," the statement said.   the couple have two children.   the couple said they are now looking into getting morris licensed as a therapy dog.   the couple's other son, ahmad, was also burned over % of his body and remains in critical condition.   " the couple took the ticket to the calgary lottery office the next day to confirm it was a winner.   the couple tracked sproule's car to a middle sackville dealership.   the couple used two altered ar- semiautomatic weapons and two pistols in the attack.   the couple was charged with three counts of felony bestiality.   the couple was married on aug. , last year, and held their wedding reception at the islamic center of riverside, the center’s director mustafa kuko said.   the couple, who star in tlc's "here comes honey boo boo," announced in september that they were separating.   the couple, who welcomed a son in july , said in a statement that they plan to remain close friends.   "the court did not come to its conclusions casually," owen wrote in his ruling.   the court found the parts of the law that give authorities sweeping power to search and seize files from lawyers' offices without a warrant carry an inherent risk of breaching solicitor-client privilege.   “the court has been advised that the parties — plaintiffs, defendants and the intervenors — have agreed to settle this case,” judge george king of the central district of california wrote.   the court heard that the complainant and the accused reside at the same dwelling.   the court heard that the two had quarrelled over the amount of public assistance they received each month.   the court heard zwerus had been convicted of multiple offences before mr maiolo’s murder.   the court of appeal ruled that the daughter would otherwise face a life of poverty because she was on benefits and could not afford to go on holiday or buy clothes for her children.   the court of queen's bench justice rosmary nation still has to decide whether the video will be admitted as evidence in the trial.   the court often freezes lawsuits in place when they raise the same issue the court already has agreed to decide.   the court said that reforming the upper chamber would require a constitutional amendment approved by at least seven provinces with per cent of the population (the so-called / amending formula.) the top court set the bar even higher for abolition.   the court says that even if the coaches helped the biological dad and girlfriend, the tips mostly addressed how to do marketing for the fundraiser and thus “did not specifically contribute to the false content at issue.”   the court's ruling may have contributed to the other side's biggest mistake in my view.   the court was set up to try the world's worst crimes, including genocide.   "the court will have to decide how to take forward the relationship he has with both his parents," he said.   the cover glass is the strongest, most durable glass used in any smartphone.   the cover stars will be honoured at the nd annual elle women in hollywood awards in los angeles on october th to celebrate the creative contributions they have made to the world of film—both in front of and behind the camera.   the cozy arrangement raises big red flags.   the cpec also included plans to create road, rail and oil pipeline links between china and the middle east.   the cpre remains confident of support no matter which scheme is favoured, "we were part of a broad alliance of local authorities and charities that in defeated the last attempt to build a new runway," said mr smyth.   the crackdown has killed more than , people, most of them within hours, in clashes as police broke up two pro-morsi camps in cairo weeks after the president's ouster on july , .   the crash happened about : p.m., and closed the stretch where the crash occurred near mile post for about two hours.   the crash happened just after p.m. friday.   the crash happened on ring road, near the university of regina.   the crash occurred about four miles from the church.   the crash sunday near the paris las vegas resort killed jessica valenzuela of arizona and injured at least others from several states, mexico and canada.   the create keyboard will attach directly to the ipad pro and start working right away — no need for pairing or charging.   the crest of the submarine features an outline of the state of illinois, a white-tailed deer in honor of the state animal and foliage representing illinois forest and prairie life.   the crew had put the fire out shortly before pm.   the crew told new brunswick health officials they ate the fish around noon on saturday, and went to the emergency room three hours later.   the crimes took place between march and nov. , when he was no longer the victim's teacher.   "the criminals have changed their practice.   the crisis brought the two sides to the verge of conflict and prompted the united states to sail a carrier task force through the taiwan strait in a warning to beijing.   the crisis is linked to wider regional turmoil, including the war in neighboring syria which has driven well over one million refugees into lebanon.   the criteria for the wpi dean's list differ from that of most other universities as wpi does not compute a grade point average (gpa).   the croatian premier also slammed hungary for its draconian response to the refugee crisis.   the crossing was closed for nearly an hour, and is now open.   the crowd grew to about as it marched to the nearby beaver canyon apartment area, where someone projected a huge photo of paterno onto the side of a building.   "the crowd was more in my favor, which was amazing and such an awesome experience.   the crown denies these allegations.   the crowning jewel of global mobile internet conference silicon valley, g-startup gives young, hungry mobile-focused companies an opportunity to shine.   the crown will not be accepting the defence's claim that howard richmond's ptsd rendered him not criminally responsible for his wife's death, according to the statement.   the cruel and unusual quest for america’s perfect execution quartz daniel lachance explores the long, uneasy and complex history of america’s capital punishment system.   “the cse keeps sending all these emails with videos and links and downloads and pdfs,” she said.   the cubans came bearing gifts with a thinly veiled subtext: boxes of cuban cigars and bottles of havana club rum that the americans were barred by the embargo from bringing home and so had to leave in ottawa.   the cucino a modo mio (i cook it my way) restaurant was a popular local haunt with a secret weapons cache, officials say.   the cuddly pup quickly captured the hearts of thousands, drawing crowds to the zoo and becoming world famous.   the culture that's been engendered over the last three years (under lancaster) will come through during the course of the tournament.   the current program, in which countries participate with the u.s., is designed to encourage tourism, and permits those to travel back and forth for limited visits.   the current quasi-civilian government has faced a barrage of criticism on social media and lingering suspicion that it is underplaying the disaster, but it has been eager to show it is mobilizing.   the current rate is . percent annualized.   the current rate of corruption during the customs clearance of goods leaves a $-billion dent in the country’s budget, saakashvili said.   the current republican frontrunner, whose percent support in this poll tops his competition for the gop nomination, would make percent of voters “proud,” the poll found.   the current river flow of .m per second is higher than the low-warning level of .m per second, which offers sufficient water to the kaohsiung area, water resources agency official lin yuan-peng (林元鵬) said by telephone.   the current set up also puts the decision making process of what to submit for the record in the hands of clinton, not government archivists who would automatically have everything.   "the curse of frankenstein" is released that same year. - "horror of dracula" is released, the first time lee portrays count dracula. - the first of dr. fu manchu movies, "the face of fu manchu," is released.   the cuts were announced only days after president vladimir putin reassured russians that the space program will remain one of the country's priorities.   the daily juventud rebelde reported sunday the -year-old former leader spoke with fumio kishido about improving relations between the two nations.   the daily mail says an early vote could "help lance the boil" instead of letting the issue to drag on and dominate the first half of parliament.   the daily mail says the firing on saturday began during a speech about the hebdo attack.   the daily mirror claims that eight of the men said to have been jailed over the attempted murder of schoolgirl campaigner malala yousafzai were secretly acquitted.   the daily number of new cases has been limited to single digits for most of the week, adding weight to official claims that the infections are slowing.   'the daily show's' famous alumni photos writer/comedian wyatt cenac was a member of "the daily show" team both in front of and behind the camera for over four years, ending in .   the daily telegraph reckons: "the shambolic amateurism of mr corbyn and his followers is fast becoming a matter of national concern."   the daily telegraph's editorial decries the fact that the middle ranks of this year's birthday honours "looks almost as if someone had turned over the television listing pages for ideas".   “the damage caused by xu caihou’s discipline and law-breaching activities is all-encompassing and deep-rooted,” xi said, according to a chinese ministry of national defense statement late on sunday.   the damage is often permanent because it is very difficult to make spinal cord nerves regrow.   the dam has been controversial because of geological and ecological concerns and the hundreds of thousands of people relocated to make way for it, but authorities say it was the best way to end centuries of flooding along the river.   the dancers, floats, bands and many polish smiles with red and white beamed with pride on multiple broadcasts last week.   "the danger with the terminator scenario isn't that it will happen, but that it distracts from the real issues posed by future ai," fli president max tegmark said.   the danny williams era is long gone so, how did we get here?   the dark knight through the years batman faced the hulking bane for the first time in and lost.   the dash cam video was released by the dover police department on thursday after a federal judge ruled the images it contains are no longer confidential.   the date hasn't yet been set for , but it'd likely come shortly after the state fair.   the date that bill will be voted on is still to be determined.   the date was listed as october , .   the david sheldrick trust's elephant rescue centre in kenya provides a home for baby elephants left to die when poachers kill their mothers.   the day after the recording session, i joined him on a visit to the main military clinical hospital, in kiev.   the day before lynndaya died, pharmacy records show, clarke also prescribed xanax, which mckenney took with the percocet and subutex.   the day’s losses represented a breakdown for the ishares + year treasury bond fund (tlt), which violated a support level going back to november.   the day was followed by years of turmoil in which the country tried to overhaul its economy in the midst of a downturn matched in depth and length only by the great depression.   the d.c. air sex championship will take place on sunday oct. at the rock and roll hotel.   the d-day attack consisted or more than , personnel coming across the english channel by sea and air, and about , troops were involved in the invasion on june . . the cost of the invasion was high.   the dead boys feasted on our attention, but so did the entire structure.   the deadline for bids is sept. . the united states have bid before with chicago and new york failing in previous attempts before the latest boston debacle.   the dead men were found on march , , by a worker at rainier nursery, located just south of the kent city limits.   the deal value of $. billion is for time warner’s equity.   the death of his son must have been very tough on an old man.   the death of rwandan president juvenal habyarimana in a plane crash in under mysterious circumstances resulted in brutal massacres across the country the verdict was the first of its kind handed down in germany with regards to the rwandan genocide.   the deaths are likely to intensify criticism of the government's failure to improve the country's infrastructure.   the deaths brought the number of turkish security forces killed by the pkk since july to at least , the worst bloodshed since a ceasefire agreed in .   the deaths of unarmed black men have been topics of great interest since the shootings of trayvon martin in in florida and michael brown in in missouri.   the death toll includes at least children, unicef says.   "the death toll statistics during the ato are the following: , servicemen from the armed forces of ukraine and airmobile troopers have been killed, while the occupants' losses totaled , people.   the debate about whether the branch davidians were really violent is another debate.   the debate is over how to address that funding shortfall.   the debate over net neutrality is heating up.   the debate will be held in milwaukee, wisconsin, and co-hosted by the wall street journal.   the decision comes nine days after new england formally requested to bring back the two men, nfl spokesman brian mccarthy told cnn last week.   the decision ended an eight-year legal battle that began with a complaint filed by an atheist and a secular-rights organization against saguenay's mayor.   the decision had been widely expected because of the bank's new "forward guidance" policy, which new governor mark carney introduced this summer.   the decision is hardly a surprise, but the culmination of a years-long push in the armed forces to better integrate female service members in the name of not only fairness, but military strength.   the decisions come weeks after royal dutch shell pulled out of the arctic for the foreseeable future, saying the little oil it found in this summer’s drilling is not worth the cost and hassle of drilling.   “the decision that anyone makes to run for president is an intensely personal one,” white house press secretary josh earnest said recently.   the decision to go with a soft top when retractable hard tops are all the rage seems like an odd one, but rolls-royce has an explanation for it: "reasons of aesthetics, romance and brand appropriateness," the company says.   the decision to put leadership in the hands of three executives was unusual, experts said, and suggested a lack of confidence in any one company executive to temporarily fill pearson's shoes.   the decision to relocate anyone within three kilometres (. miles) of the site came three days after gigantic explosions sent a huge fireball soaring into the sky and left a vast swathe of destruction.   the decision was a "backward step in the fight against impunity and a betrayal of victims of serious violations of human rights," said a spokesman for amnesty international.   the decision was based on market research showing craft beer drinkers want a fresh and local product.   the decision was made in a secret session, the source said.   the declaration was ultimately abandoned because of objections.   the décor and pop culture of consilience is copied from the s, identified as the decade when most americans considered themselves happy.   the decrease in comprehensive sex education programs in schools have contributed to an increasing number of youth living with hiv in the us, many of whom do not know that they are infected.   the deeper yoga superpower is the balance of knowing our foundation.   the deep fried mars bar has become synonymous with negative aspects of the scottish diet since when the daily record reported on "scotland's craziest takeaway" being served at the stonehaven chippy, previously named the haven.   the deepwater guneshli section of the project began oil production in .   the deerfield school district should abandon the ccss and adopt better standards to better serve our students and our community.   the defendants are jailed awaiting arraignment on jan. at the king county courthouse in seattle.   the defense forced five tahoma turnovers, including three by bears quarterback amandre williams.   the defense ministry said troops had retaken the baharak district after retreating under fire friday.   the deficit still stands at nearly percent of annual economic output.   the definitions of these versions of the cloud - public, private, and hybrid - are crucial, because they represent different forms of service provision for disparate business requirements.   the definitive guide to u.s. hospitals, featuring extensive rankings, the latest research on preventing cancer, and much more.   the delaware democrat was reelected to the senate six times, including , before becoming the th vice president of the united states.   the delegates were warmly welcomed by russian president vladimir putin.   the democrat faced criticism for watering down her medical marijuana bill to get police and gov. mark dayton on board.   the democratic congressional campaign committee said pelosi helped the party raise $ million in elections.   the demonstration was in response to french satirical magazine charlie hebdo's use of the cartoon in an edition published a week after people were killed by islamist gunmen at its paris offices.   "the demonstration you saw on wednesday is because people are losing the shirts off their back.   the dentist has a conviction for a felony in which he lied to the us fish and wildlife service about killing a bear outside an authorised hunting zone.   "the department determined that the washout and flooding on the property in question is a result of the natural layout of the land and increased water levels, and not maintenance activities done by the department or pipe sizing."   the department is providing equipment and fishing experts in select locations in southwestern idaho.   the department of homeland security on tuesday announced new, tightened security measures at airports after aqap featured instructions on building a homemade bomb that could slip through airport security scanners.   the department of justice blocked the law, stating that it violated the voting rights act and disproportionately affected hispanic voters.   the department of public safety is investigating the incident.   the department often goes days without receiving any text messages, haug said.   the department of transportation paid for about school buses to be equipped with exterior cameras, starting in , to capture the licence plates of vehicles passing when the bus's lights are flashing.   the department recommends limiting outdoor activity when moderate to heavy smoke is present, especially for vulnerable groups.   the department says in a statement that while it has "worked diligently" to come close to the goal, it will fall short because of the large number of documents involved and the holiday schedule.   the department says it has been notified of students in families currently being home schooled on p.e.i. that compares to students in families last year.   the department will not release personnel records or photos because doing so would violate the law, the police said in a statement.   the deployment of turkish troops dates back to and the additional troops were deployed in in response to a request from iraqi prime minister haider abadi, erdogan told a press conference.   the depot, which has been serving the community since , is a non-profit organization that distributes food to thousands of families in ndg, westmount and montreal west.   the deputies opened fire, hitting fenwick with four bullets.   the deputy chief of the innu nation, simeon tshakapesh, says there are no plans to curtail a limited hunt for caribou in labrador, despite a hunting ban and worries that the red wine mountain caribou herd is dramatically depleted.   the deputy chief of yemen’s red sea port, yahiya abbas sharaf, said the blockade tightened in july, severely restricting access to the port.   the deputy defense chief said the number of research facilities that received spores from dugway could still grow because some facilities shared them with fellow researchers.   the deputy head of the chp, akif hamzacebi, said the parties needed to "work on the path of compromise to avoid early elections."   the deputy mayor's office said it had helped more than a dozen whitehurst residents get housing prior to the november sweep.   the descent into privation for seniors accustomed to middle-class life is usually swift and unforgiving, say the advocates who aid them.   the description given by the band that the "stage design and configuration will give fans a true degree audio/visual sensory experience" leads us to think it might be something similar to the set-up explored by u on their most recent tour.   the design team of tv’s property brothers, who were in attendance, may have had a rude awakening walking the show floor.   the details of his arrest were not immediately clear.   the details provided here will be to the greatest.   the detainees will be taken to the southern city of curitiba, where the federal judge leading the case is based.   the detroit lake marina will try to offer boat rentals until then, and kane’s will offer other special events.   the deutsche settlements saw the german bank's senior staff criticized for misleading regulators and prolonging their investigations.   the developers financed the project partly with funds from foreigners seeking permanent-residency visas under the federal eb- program.   the developers will be involved in it.   "the developing nations are expecting us to provide reliable financing," says state secretary jochen flasbarth, germany's chief climate negotiator.   the device also has a range of more than , feet, and that may even improve in future versions.   the device itself looks like a router, and klein said most people can install it in minutes.   the diamondbacks also would get minor league left-hander gabe speier, the person said, speaking on condition of anonymity because the trade is pending approval of medical records.   the diamondbacks went on to capture the world series when johnson won three games against the yankees — two starts and and / innings of relief in the decisive seventh game.   the die is cast.   the difference between the two machines is as simple as it is compelling: the display.   the difference is entirely due to their spending.   the difference is simple — risk can be measured, and uncertainty cannot.   the difference is that montreal got a physical, right-shooting winger in smith-pelly in exchange for a quicker, flashier left-hand shot in sekac.   the difference is that one is living her art while the other is (was) an advocate representing a group of people.   the difference is the seahawks had one more win last year at this point.   the dippers are still officially committed to ripping up the federal clarity act — arguably the single most effective instrument in the federalist arsenal since it became law years ago.   "the direct economic losses caused by drug use in the entire country have hit billion yuan annually," liu said.   the director of public safety said tuesday that , offenders will be released from the indiana department of correction this year, but more than one-third of those inmates have never actually lived in indianapolis.   the director's movements are restricted by an interpol warrant in effect in countries.   the director's office issued a statement saying it has received the report and will study it closely to see if charges are warranted.   the discovery followed an earlier, failed attempt by the apache to detect pings from el faro's voyage data recorder by using equipment called a towed pinger locator.   "the discovery of artemisinin was an example of successful collective efforts," she told xinhua, china's news official agency.   the discovery piqued the interest of city councilor jamie mills, who did some digging of her own.   the discrepancy between the foreign minister's comments and the sources account could not immediately be explained.   "the (dismantling) process stopped with a warning," ali shamkhani, secretary of the national security council, was quoted as saying by the isna student news agency.   the dispatcher estimated the protesters caused $, in damage.   the displacement of tenants from the williamsburg court and panorama house triggered seattle’s tenant relocation-assistance ordinance because developers planned to tear the building down or substantially renovate it.   the dispute-board opinion is an early step among many, which could include negotiations, arbitration or lawsuits to determine who pays for added costs.   the dispute led to police misconduct allegations in a case where charges were dropped against puana, who was accused of stealing the kealohas' mailbox.   the dispute proved a distraction as congress convened under full gop control for the first time in eight years.   the dispute with greece is still unresolved, and years later, both countries are still negotiating a solution under un mediation.   the distortion smooths over.   the district already has new students enrolled in walpole schools, which is slightly higher than what the district usually sees for new student numbers.   "the district is very limited on what they can pay out to buy music, or to buy art supplies, or to buy sound equipment, and that's something we want to be there so these kids aren't limited," she explained.   the district judge remanded mr price into custody to appear again via videolink on friday, january.   the “disturbing” volume of suits filed by capital one should prompt regulators to investigate whether the perils of subprime credit cards outweigh the benefits, brobeck said.   the disunity undermines the kurds' ability to capitalize on the fragmentation of the country and pursue their longterm dream of independence.   the dithering obama administration has handed the initiative to putin who seized it with relish.   the dive ”far exceeds anything previously reported,” notes the report.   the dnc had cut off sanders from a crucial voter database, saying the campaign wrongly accessed data gathered by hillary clinton's team.   the dnc, however, had a very different story.   "the doctor said, quote, 'what was done to this man was inhumane'," she said.   the doctor who saw that day her sent her home with a prescription pain killer and told her she'd be fine.   the document says that the ex-president is going to testify via videoconference.   "the document that we have from here is very simple, it doesn't show anything, only that she was born here.   the document was reviewed by the members and several changes were made.   the dodge county news wednesday, december . a headline reads “unions choose hillary.”   the dogs are among found on sept. at an illegal breeding facility in beitou district (北投) by the taipei police department and the animal protection office.   the dog was not injured.   the doj and environmental protection agency are investigating.   the dollar fell to . yen from . yen.   the dollar has risen about percent in value against overseas currencies in the past year.   the dollar rose more than . percent against a basket of currencies, as well as against the euro, which held at about $..   the domain name loser.com currently redirects to rapper kanye west's wikipedia page.   the dominance was relentless from the bavarians who were celebrating their th birthday.   the dominican republic, cuba and jamaica also saw an unprecedented number of visitors.   the doors were locked and cyclon b was poured from special openings in the ceiling.   the door was found to be unsecure and the homeowner arrived and stated copies of her alarm code as well as her spare key were missing.   the douma coordination committee, a local activist group, published the names and photos of documented casualties on its facebook page.   the dow and s&p both dropped % in january while bonds rallied, driven by foreign investors who want a safe bet.   the dow jones industrial average climbed . points, or . percent, to ,..   the dow jones industrial average edged down points, or . percent, to , as of : a.m. eastern time.   the dow jones industrial average traded about points lower after falling more than points soon after the market open.   the downside to doing so was not standing out from the crowd by differentiating the processor.   the downtown areas of such cities as sacramento and orlando made the top . the list also includes several vacation areas and college towns.   the dozen or so mostly elderly residents still living in the building — erected between and — were allowed to stay on.   the dpp says if the investigation reveals any unlawful act, only a charge of attempting to pervert the course of justice could be leveled against a juror or other persons.   the draft agreement lists both temperature targets as options under the caption "purpose".   the draft law, which would also allow the police to confiscate cash amounts over , kroner ($, euros) and take refugees' jewelry, quickly sparked international outrage.   the dragons are tasked with replacing offensive stars like evan shirreffs, sammy williams, dalton hill and t.j. skelton and defensive mainstays like tradd porter, kendrick robinson and trent sorrells, among others.   the dream face exhibition is being curated by ms.ty johnston, tv/film producer who also manages wildgoose.   the dreamy intro to “gimme shelter,” with its escalating volume, is punctuated by two loud beats on the tomtom drum.   the drilling and pumping is drawing down aquifers that serve as a sort of liquid bank that the state can rely on when rivers and reservoirs aren’t replenished by rain and snow because of drought.   the drink menu also is mini, in a sense.   the drive jostled the students with each stalk the bus hit.   the driver allegedly tried to rape her.   the driver did not cooperate with police, rolling up his windows and ignoring their commands, mason said.   the driver of the lexus, -year-old kim howe, died after her car was pushed into the southbound lane of the highway and struck head-on by a hummer.   the driver of the vehicle is reportedly ok, but an employee inside the building was transported to the hospital with unknown injuries after shelving fell on top of him.   the drop in factory orders also raised concerns that a slowdown in economic activity could continue.   the drop in rates comes at a time when many analysts believe canadian housing markets are overvalued.   "the drought isn't letting up, so we can't let up either," assembly speaker toni atkins said.   the drought is one of truly historic proportions that was the result of year-after-year dryness.   the drug can be adapted to target any strain of ebola and produced in as little as eight weeks (compared with the months required for zmapp), geisbert said, in what he called "plug and play": sequence any ebola genome and custom-make a sirna cocktail.   the dsc gained notoriety in by auctioning off a black rhino hunt for $,.   the dublin broker said it now expects ryanair soon will reach a share price of euros, a level last reached in february right before the airline conducted a -for- share split.   the duchess of cambridge during her visit to the canadian museum of civilisation in gatineau, quebec, where she and the duke of cambridge watched new citizens receive their citizen certificates on canada day.   the dynamics of the arrangement take a turn when the caregiver begins to suspect that the “accident” may not have been an accident.   the early edition spoke to chair of the metro vancouver board of directors and port coquitlam mayor greg moore for more clarity on what the committee will actually do.   the earth's rotation causes the air stream to move around the eye of the storm, which can be up to kilometers wide.   the ease and increasing affordability of flying helps fuel economic growth and a better lifestyle for asian consumers.   the eastbound collector lanes were closed but were reopened by : a.m.   the east coast had blizzards, floods, storms, and other outdoor calamities, but the left coast was so hip they had cool names for weather trends.   the ebola epidemic – an airplane carrying nina pham arrives at an airport in frederick, maryland, on thursday, october . pham is one of the two nurses who were diagnosed with ebola after treating duncan.   the ebola virus circulated in guinea for three months, undetected, off every radar screen, with no alarms sounding, misdiagnosed as cholera, then thought to be lassa fever.   the ebrd offer was prompted by a request late last year from the conservative-led coalition government which lost power in january.   the e. coli were engineered so that, as they fed off the tumor cells, the bacteria produced an enzyme that split the galactose from the luciferin.   the economic data calendar in the u.s. was light on monday with durable goods orders posting a bigger gain than expected.   the economic powerhouse is gearing up for nearly three-quarters of a million applicants this year.   the economy is in solid shape to weather the upcoming turn to tightening monetary policy lockhart, said at an investment education conference in detroit.   the economy is mired in a recession, unemployment is rising, inflation is rising and the currency has recently hit historic lows versus the u.s. dollar.   the editor can be based out of san francisco, los angeles, new york or sydney.   "the editor of the magazine is very happy because it's going to be more money for storytelling," jacobsen said.   the effect is striking..   the effect is to make the question feel balder, and bolder.   the effect might be the result of a sharp drop in cortisol.   the effect on financial markets was viewed as mixed, with some analysts saying it will have little influence, though they acknowledge it is ultimately unknown.   the efforts to adapt to that heat wave as well as future shifts is exactly the type of lessons farmers will need to learn to keep producing quality teas in a warming world.   the effort to expel republican representative todd courser fell six short of the number needed under the state constitution.   the eight-car train stopped feet after the brake was applied, sumwalt said.   the eighth individual remained quarantined until yesterday.   the eldest, andalas, has been in indonesia since , while their sister, suci, died in captivity in cininnati last year.   the election hinges on what motivates those voters.   the elections will be held on nov. as planned," one senior official told reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity as the government observes three days of national mourning.   the electoral blueprint requires a two-thirds majority in the -seat legislature to pass, but the city's pro-democracy lawmakers have vowed to block the package.   the elite of pyongyang are also rumored to watch illegal south korean tv shows and films behind closed doors.   the emad (pillar) surface-to-surface missile, designed and built by iranian experts, is the country's first long-range missile that can be precision-guided until it reaches its target, said brig. gen. hossein dehqan, iran's defense minister.   "the emad represents a major leap in terms of accuracy.   the emails date back to , clinton's first year in the obama administration.   the embassy row hotel ( massachusetts avenue nw) a.m.- p.m. free contact the author of this article or email tips@dcist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   the emerald green dress worn by scarlett johansson on sunday can be purchased today from thecelebritydresses.com for less than $.   the emergency liquidity assistance facility - on which greek banks rely for funding after direct access to ecb funding was cut off - was extended for a week until next wednesday, feb. , the central bank official said.   the eminent retail brand has its operational base in oklahoma and dedicatedly caters to a wide and contrasting range of customers covering almost all age groups.   the employees are the engine that fuels digital digitization of business.   the enemies might not be so far away as she might think.   the engine controller unit, the "brain" of the engine, relays commands to the engine and transmits data back to the launch vehicle.   the enigma surrounding his past -- and future -- drives the film's narrative through many of the dusty roads visited by wenders.   the enterprise, the world's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, was decommissioned in .   the entertainment, too, had an asian influence: grammy award-winning singer and actor ne-yo, who was born in arkansas, says his father is part chinese.   the enthusiasm hasn't ended.   the entire $, was raised in may during the smartk run/walk charity event in charleston.   the entire incident was caught on surveillance video.   the entire industry has been mired in scandal after the new york times revealed last month that employees may have access to insider data.   the entire scene, he said, "did not last more than fifteen seconds".   the entrance has to be cleared every day during winter months.   the entrepreneurship journey is exciting, but entrepreneurs don't have the luxury of pulling in the same amount of money on a bi-weekly or monthly basis.   the entry-level device, the aluminum and glass apple watch sport with plastic band, starts at $.   the entune premium system on trd models integrates the owners smartphone with navigation, entertainment and information services.   the episode was praised by gay rights advocacy groups, though it was criticised by many right-wing and christian organisations claiming it unbiased in favour of same-sex marriages.   the epp, which began its revolt in has frequently attacked farms as well as military and police posts and is responsible for some deaths.   the e runs express from canal street to th street-penn station on the jamaica center-bound track, from : p.m. friday to a.m. tuesday.   the estimated cost of that program to the federal budget is $ billion from through , according to the congressional budget office.   the ethics inquiry began in the wake of the swiss attorney general's decision to open criminal proceedings against blatter over the payment to platini.   the eu clause is not strictly the same as nato's mutual defense clause that considers an attack against one ally as an attack against all, but the article can be invoked the case of "armed aggression" on any eu country.   the eu commission confirmed the regulator found "issues" in a regular review of air safety enforcement.   the eu, however, wants to have a say in the way its money is spent.   the eu is still examining the project's compliance regarding competition rules and government subsidies.   the european aerospace group wants to compete against boeing with its c- military turbo-prop aircraft.   the european automobile manufacturers’ association (the body that compiled these figures) certainly seems to believe this is the case and is pushing for more subsidies and incentives in the eu over the coming years to sustain the market.   the european caper — released back around last year's academy awards — also took home four oscars including costume design, and makeup and styling and production design.   the european commission, a key negotiator in the talks, confirmed the progress.   the european council has proposed an alternative that, "within certain limits to be determined," would allow consumers to make and receive calls, send text messages and use data services without extra charge on top of their domestic fees.   the european court of justice in luxembourg is unlikely to decide in slovakia's favor, but it's a tactic to temporarily throw a wrench into the works.   the european market is also seeing fewer first-time smartphone buyers.   “the european parliament has sent today a strong political and humanitarian message to saudi arabian authorities,” said guy verhofstadt, leader of the liberal bloc.   the european union and the world health organization were also sending aid.   the european union is trying to achieve this without disrupting u.n.-led talks aimed at forming a unity government to end the power struggle between the rival administrations.   the euro was up . percent at $. while the dollar fell . percent to . yen.   the eurozone's evolving 'story' tsipras has sworn to reduce the greek debt mountain by simply refusing to pay and getting outside creditors to write off most of it.   the evaluation found several reasons to praise canada, including for improving co-ordination between donors to eliminate duplicated efforts and helping more people cast ballots in elections.   the evening after their return from the primeval forest, the researchers spread their findings out on plastic sheets, then watered and examined them.   the evening is also a fundraiser for the program to help offset costs of a trip to florida in december to play in a tournament.   the event dinner was held dec. at papadeaux in channelview.   the event featured the first family, first lady michelle obama's mother, marian robinson, actress reese witherspoon, miss piggy of "the muppet show" and as well as a santa claus.   the event maintained a positive tone.   the event marked the conclusion of the world meeting of families and francis's final public address in the united states before departing for rome.   the event raises money to help families with sick children pay for cancer care.   the event runs today through thursday and it will definitely drive a news cycle.   the event serves as a forum to strengthen and deepen bilateral and multilateral relations with some countries.   the event was o'malley's first public engagement as a presidential candidate.   the event was sponsored by the civitas institute, a raleigh-based conservative think tank, but huckabee was introduced by the rev. mark harris, a former republican u.s. senate candidate who is pastor at first baptist.   the event which took place at berlin's charite hospital, was attended by cornelia pieper, the former minister of state of germany's foreign office.   the event will run every night through saturday from to p.m. organizers say the event is a chance to bring christmas to life and show people that the reason for the season has not changed.   the ever chilled federer, who next plays big-serving aussie sam groth, wouldn't have minded.   the evidence wasn't as strong to support marijuana's use for nausea and vomiting due to chemotherapy, sleep disorders, hiv-related weight loss and tourette syndrome.   the exact nature of the relationship between the two owners is not yet clear.   "the examination of the scene has been painstaking and will continue into next week.   the exchange with amanda lang the day's biggest business stories.   the excitement of the guy who got his hand on this tape also sticks with me, years later.   the executive yuan and the environmental protection administration have spoken out against the bylaw, saying that it contradicts the power of central government.   the exemption is offered to those aged or older and those permanently disabled.   the exhibition of his work at london's somerset house will include black and white shots of london in the s, plus pictures of lebanese refugee camps in and of the sectarian conflict in northern ireland.   the exhibit opens this saturday at victoria's open space gallery.   "the expanded partnership with nbcuniversal provided a platform to connect with small business owners," said susan smith, executive vice president, newcast/zenith.   the expanding capacity will help meet domestic demand as the government connects more people to the national grid beyond the percent who are connected now, and offer the opportunity to export to neighbours.   the expansion of factories at home and abroad and the construction of the new headquarters in seoul will account for more than half of the four-year investment at . trillion won.   the expansion since has been so sluggish that it’s benefited small businesses by allowing them to retain and attract talent, moscarini said.   the expectation is that cooling cost will be reduced by percent when compared to traditional cooling methods.   the experience benefited a fund in cooper's father's name at a new jersey cancer treatment hospital, while lawrence's participation raised money for the special olympics world games.   the experiment claims to fill in gaps on contested involvement of ukrainian separatists.   the experiment was conducted at a single clinic, and the difference in outcomes for the babies diminished in the months after specialists stopped providing support to some of the families, the researchers also caution.   the explanation may reside in the intelligence wars between enemies and allies.   the explosion at grain power station mike cooper, head of demolition at e.on, said: “this demolition was quite significant in scale due to the size of the buildings involved.   the explosion happened at a mobile home in caldwell county about p.m. saturday.   the express works faster than conventional invisalign for those with minor problems.   the extended hiring period partly reflects positive trends: as the number of unemployed has fallen from a peak of over million, companies have to take longer to find suitable workers.   the extension of eu measures comes amid renewed fighting between pro-russian separatists and ukrainian troops in eastern ukraine, in violation of february's minsk ceasefire agreement.   the extension was approved only after a -minute executive session.   the extent of their injuries was not immediately known.   the extra juror was in place as a safeguard, given the length of trial, in case anyone got sick or was unable to serve for another reason.   the faa has estimated , commercial drones will be in the skies within five years of the coming regulations taking effect.   the facade improvement for commercial buildings plan was passed on first reading.   the facebook event, which mustafa told white people and males not to attend speaking to the university's student assembly, she said: "there have been charges made against me, that i am racist and sexist to white men.   the face of broadway avenue in saskatoon is changing.   the faces of 'positive exposure' photos irina, in her own words: "i was born in russia.   the facilitators "took our phones, they took everything we had in our pockets.   the facility is closed for two weeks each year during the christmas period, but the beneficiaries of the programme are fíted at this time and provided with supplies of food items and toiletries to cover the period of the closure.   the facility where he was enrolled, soho child care, came recommended by family friends and the paper of record.   the fact here is we’re letting beliefs and wall street lobbies take the place of hard, clear thinking as to how to manage another financial crisis, if not avoid one.   the fact that his office on university street in donetsk is so inconspicuous is a precaution.   the fact that people speak to able-bodied individuals differently than they speak to the disabled, well it’s wrong.   the fact that she is old enough to be the mother of any one of the band's five-member line-up doesn't bother the -year-old housewife at all.   the fact that those new strains of avian influenza could transmit themselves to both waterfowl and landfowl should have alarmed the government and encouraged it to promptly enforce all the necessary measures at every poultry farms.   the faith we hold in our own belief systems and the righteousness that can overcome can cause us to be petulant and stubborn.   the families at the landfill collect plastic, metal and wires and sell it by the pound.   the families say they simply couldn’t wait any longer, and grew emotional as they discussed the toll the costs had on their ami.   the family eventually moved to rockville, maryland, where gilani worked for marriott international.   the family had not seen her since august , but they had been in contact with her, wilson said.   the family has called on jordan to withdraw from the coalition and has openly questioned coalition leadership over the details surrounding kassasbeh’s crash-landing.   the family limited extra purchases, just a $ stuffed animal, and kept travel costs to a minimum.   the family, pictured in , suffered a profound loss when the matriarch of the family died weeks before hurricane katrina struck the gulf coast in august .   the family requests memorial contributions in her honor be made to st. jude children's hospital.   the family said they have no intention of trying to rebuild in the flat gap area, saying they want to move far away from any body of water.   the family suggests memorials made to faith city mission, se nd ave, amarillo, tx ; or to the church at quail creek, tascosa road, amarillo, tx .   the family will have private observances at a later date.   the fans were incredible, really sung their hearts out and when we scored the second goal, the eruption was amazing.   the fast-moving fire destroyed infrastructure and left a tangled mess of power lines amid a sea of fallen trees.   the fate of muath al-kaseasbeh, a jordanian pilot recently captured by isis while on a military mission targeting the islamist extremist group, is unclear.   the father, david rucki, said wednesday that he wasn’t ready to give a statement.   the fbi could also track the user as long the device is active, with the proper warrant.   the fbi had offered $, for information leading directly to the arrest of solis.   the fbi has arrested two men alleged to be top administrators: blake benthall, a former spacex employee who allegedly bore the name “defcon,” and brian farrell, who’s accused of using the name “doctorclu.”   the fbi has maintained north korea was behind the broad computer breach at sony, though some technology experts say others could be involved -- such as former employees of the studio.   the fbi has not publicly commented on who was behind the attack.   the fbi pursued a report from a worker at a minneapolis passport office, who became suspicious of yusuf's intentions during an interview about his application, court documents say.   the fc and m are designed for database, technical computing and virtualization.   the fda and dhs cited research from independent cyber security expert billy rios, who found that remote attacks could be launched on patients by accessing a hospital's network.   the fda, for example, recommends limits on the physical size of prescription drugs, but no regulations exist for supplements.   "the fda has requested data from sunscreen manufacturers and says that if that data doesn't allay their concerns they will soon ban sprays from the market."   the fda says it's working with the three companies that make the devices to get them approved and to find better ways to clean them.   the fdic has literally shut down new bank applications, having only approved two in the country in the last six years (compared to about per year prior to ).   the fear is the country will be dragged toward division and infighting."   the feature could be particularly beneficial for large companies and celebrities, who will now be able to respond to people who send them messages without having to establish a connection beforehand.   the feature films will hit the big screen and be quickly available on amazon's online service.   the feature is meant to allow leaders to flush out their system instantaneously if they suspect a breach.   the feature's interactive design shows precipitation pinpointed by the minute for the next two hours for your exact street address or gps location.   the feature will showcase top stories being discussed, even if you don't follow the tweeters.   the federal dot will put up $ million.   the federal food and drug administration (fda) has assigned a response team to assist with the probe from agency headquarters, in washington, d.c., officials said.   the federal government is paying nearly $ million for the lease renewal on the atlantic vision, transport minister lisa raitt stated in a news release.   the federal government is recognizing the trend.   “the federal government is the democrats’ piggybank.”   the federal government started investigating the american honda finance corporation, a unit of honda (hmc), in for violating fair lending laws.   the federal open market committee also dropped its warning from september that the global downturn could affect the us, even as worries mount over china's slowdown and falling commodity prices.   the federal open market committee is not expected to announce an interest rate increase wednesday, but its statement will be pored over for clues on the timing of the hike expected this year.   the federal reserve is likely to raise short-term interest rates later this year.   the federal statistical office said thursday that orders — a leading indicator for europe's biggest economy — bounced back from a . percent month-on-month drop in may.   the federal website will serve states.   the fédération des syndicats de l'enseignement (fse) was negotiating alongside the quebec provincial association of teachers (qpat), which represents about , teachers who work in the province's english-language school boards.   "the fed moving in december is a positive development for the market."   the feds also say that burke bragged about beating loeb and "regaled a group of officers with his account of the assault, saying it reminded him of his 'old days' as a young police officer."   the fed’s powerful open market committee meets to set interest rates next week amid a buoyant u.s. economy that grew . per cent in the final quarter of and a strong pace of job creation.   the fed surprised half of wall street in september by holding rates steady rather than hiking.   the female friend was unharmed.   the female students, in their first year of nursing school, were traveling on interstate from georgia southern university in statesboro to a hospital in nearby savannah for training on wednesday.   the ferghana valley also can be a very likely target of attacks by the taliban and isil.   the ferry collision was the city's most serious maritime accident since when a ferry between hong kong and macau sank off the island of lantau during a typhoon, killing people.   the festival is organized by chinese next, or cnext, a nonprofit that disperses money to aspiring documentary filmmakers in chinese-speaking regions.   the fictional jordan and julia have a higher chance of becoming homeless (. percent) in their first year out of foster care, due solely to the fact that they were in the system.   the field, located in the south-east of the intersection no. (indicated by photographs dated july ) - field no. – had been completely harvested the day before the alleged deployment of the buk to the site.   “the fields are coming up green now.   the fifa vote has dominated israeli conversation.   the fifth-ranked japanese player reached the third round at indian wells for the first time in eight tries.   the fight against terrorism is not a matter of france, nor of russia and lebanon, it is a matter that concerns all of us, he stressed.   the fighting between russia-backed separatists and ukraine government forces has killed more than , people since april and displaced more than a million people in eastern ukraine.   the fighting continued through tuesday, as the ypg has captured another villages, the observatory said.   the fight started as an argument after one of the groups videotaped the other, somers said without elaborating.   the figure announced by premier li keqiang is the lowest since a similar goal in .   the figures on delayed discharge were obtained by the scottish labour party through a freedom of information request.   the filipino-chinese community serves as a backbone of the country's economy, with many among them rising to positions of great prominence -- whether in business or politics or entertainment -- in the southeast asian nation.   the film also portrays the sniper's softer side and the hardship of returning home to his family both eastwood's tough side and his more reflective wounded side come to the fore in "american sniper."   the film also stars alec baldwin and albert brooks; owen wilson plays nfl commissioner roger goodell.   the film generated criticism from lawmakers and advocacy groups like peta.   the film is also notable for popularizing the song "rock around the clock."   the film is being shown as part of a selection intended to honour armenian cinema a century after the beginning of the slaughter of armenians at the hands of ottoman turkish forces.   the filmmaker of the early silent vampire movie, recognized as one of the scariest horror movies of all time, died in .   the film opened may . summer movies photos before there was "the fast and the furious," there was "mad max," a man racing cars through a post-apocalyptic landscape.   the film starts with a combative meeting between embattled minutes producer mary mapes (cate blanchett) and her attorney.   the final exam is worth per cent of the student’s overall grade.   the financial markets love the typical outcome of first-past-the-post contests, with their greater chance for single-party governments running a full term with majorities to pursue clear agendas.   the financial show - webinar and seminar in support of canadian financial literacy and in aid of 'you and your money'.   the fine was twice the size of billion yuan bribery penalty levied against british pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline in september.   the fire grew to more than square miles and was percent contained.   "the fire started while they were inside the shack," said grandmaison, who added that the fire took local fire crews about minutes to extinguish.   the fire was reported about : p.m. wednesday.   the fire was still burning around noon thursday, maryville city manager greg mcclain said at a news conference.   the firm alarmed investors by disclosing a % plunge in fixed-income trading revenue in the third quarter.   the firm already has million users worldwide; in germany it launched last month.   the firm is owned by germany's deutsche telekom (dtegf) and french telecoms firm orange (fnctf).   the firm recently incorporated a new division, inkas professional manufacturing, which daskal says is focused on building a "customized, luxury first-class experience of a chartered jet in a cargo vehicle."   the firm runs morning meetings because they know that the sales industry can be tough and there are factors which can be de-motivating for each individual.   the firm's attorneys provide experienced counsel in the areas of international and domestic corporate, tax, asset protection and related litigation, through highly personalized service.   the firm says that business owners should use criticism to improve their business.   the firm's finances are also laid open, and production only begins when a certain amount has been pre-ordered.   the firm specialize in face-to-face sales and building relationships with customers.   the firm supports entrepreneurs and the growth of small businesses within their business.   the first couple innings, we wanted to jump on her.   the first cut is the easiest: anything that doesn't fall within the parameters established in step gets thrown out.   the first edition only had copies but quickly the number rose to millions of copies. publishers had rejected rowling's manuscript after london-based bloomsbury picked it up and secured the book deal of the century.   the first episode was a showcase for the acting talents of bob odenkirk critics and fans raved about the spinoff (cnn)at long last, "breaking bad" fans got to see the first episode of "better call saul" on sunday night.   the first generation of facial recognition technology relies on two popular methods of identifying a face, and is what powers the churchix software that recognizes faces in church.   "the first generation of men to experience the full hazards will probably be those born during the s or s," according to the report.   the first instance of debugging a computer was recorded on this date in .   the first is that in some polls he's doing better than hillary clinton in a match-up against donald trump.   the first move by iraqi forces on the ground could come as soon as april, a u.s. central command official told cnn.   the first nation is hiring a security co-ordinator to work on future initiatives such as, "better lighting throughout the community, reducing speed limits and putting in ways to slow traffic down in the community," dendys said.   the first number is known as the metabolic equivalent of task (met) and expresses the energy cost of a given physical activity—operating a cash register, for instance.   the first option, sad as it may make book readers, seems like the more likely answer.   the first-person view (fpv) from the camera is a big upgrade from the phantom vision+.   the first resupply contract was split between orbital atk inc. (nyse: oa) and space exploration technologies (spacex).   "the first set i wasn't really ready for the match.   the first set of rights protects owners and investors from expropriation.   "the first set went completely my way.   "the first snake was meters long (. feet) and the second one was . meters (. feet)," he told cnn over the phone.   the first stage of the spacex falcon rocket returns to land at cape canaveral air force station, o … "this has been a wildly successful return to flight for spacex," said one spacex launch commentator.   the first step by the opposition towards that goal is a big anti-government rally scheduled for may . opposition leader zoran zaev said last week “they won't stop until the government resigns”.   the first stop was a handshake with tournament host jack nicklaus.   " "the first time i told her i would escape, she said, 'don't run away.   the first time was during the turkish prime minister's visit to berlin on monday.   the first transaction was also registered, so we need to balance and remove the double transactions," said chapleau.   "the first two years at diesel were all about internal work.   the first video, recorded sunday afternoon, shows fort lauderdale police officer victor ramirez escorting bruce laclair, who cnn affiliate wsvn reports is homeless, at a bus terminal.   the first was -year-old loretta gates, whose remains were found in areas of the city in september , according to cnn affiliate wkbw.   the first was when he argued that an election campaign wasn't the time to discuss the niqab.   the fish began dying about two hours after the treatment began, glover said, sparking a night-long effort to remove and save them.   the fish docks are a strange place, scarred by the collapse of fishing but also showing the resilience of fish processing and the promise of new opportunities in offshore wind energy.   "the fisheries improvement project is not about next week," he said.   the five fishermen were rescued on july by the south korean coast guard after the boat's engine failed causing it to drift into south korean waters.   the five italians had been cross-country skiing when they were swept away by an avalanche around : pm ( gmt) near the grand saint-bernard peak, not far from the italian border, police said.   the five medals, including a posthumously awarded george cross and french croix de guerre, are expected to raise up to £,.   the five venues of the federal horticultural show the peter and paul cathedral in brandenburg an der havel the town of brandenburg an der havel is at the southernmost point of the event.   the fixture was overshadowed by a sense of grief but also of fraternity as the wembley stadium arch was lit in the blue, white and red of the french flag and the national anthem was sung by both sets of fans.   the flag's defenders argue it is part of south carolina's heritage, representing those who fought and died for the rebelling southern states in the civil war.   the flag we fly over the bay today was officially adopted by the city of san francisco in .   the flaw should be fixed soon, though, so don't let that deter you if you prefer vmware's approach.   the flight, en route to duesseldorf from barcelona, crashed at a speed of kilometres ( miles) an hour, instantly killing all on board.   the flight "requested a return to ord, but our investigation has just begun as to the reason," faa spokeswoman elizabeth cory said.   “the flying dutchman,” complete with a cursed sea captain and the redemptive power of true love, sails in with a crew of master wagnerians: greer grimsley, daniel sumegi, alwyn mellor and david danholt, winner of the international wagner competition.   the "flying people" art installation is made up of pieces, but about one third of that is standing in the way of the airport expansion.   the foals are without a win in five matches and will take on manchester city in the champions league next week.   "the focus should be to tackle, head-on, the international threat that daesh (is) poses, securing the future of syria and seeking a solution to the current refugee crisis."   "the focus" takes off like an old muscle car.   the following day, the federal officials held a court hearing in jefferson and agreed to let local officials deal with the matter.   the following dedication was printed on the peter pan programs: "these peter pan productions are dedicated to wayne "the wizard" morris, who is currently flying somewhere in neverland.   the following illuminate a few features to consider.   the following rules of thumb exist: the less people benefit from economic progress, the less willing they are to forego growth in favor of the environment.   the following year, he upped the ante with a wooden frame, which he coated in ice.   the follow-up film has been discussed for years, with actors including bill pullman (who played the president of the united states) signing on as far back as two years ago.   "the footage is really poor.   the force awakens may have cost $ million to produce, but what one sees onscreen is not the money but the love.   "the force awakens" picks up the intergalactic story of good versus evil years on from "the return of the jedi," the last episode of the original trilogy.   the foreign ministry confirmed the news, but was unable immediately to provide details of their release.   the format would be similar to the greek model - it would be evidence based, with both evidence and reports available to everyone.   the former basketball player is still recovering after being found unresponsive at the love ranch brothel in nevada in october.   the former focuses on president ma ying-jeou (馬英九) and takes the view that he should show self-restraint, as his rule has lost legitimacy, while the latter touches on two longstanding sensitive issues.   the former new brunswick mla was at the front of the room when the quake hit, so she said it took some time before she was able to get outside.   the former president spent months sleeping on the coach while then-first lady hillary clinton decided whether she wanted to stay in the relationship.   the former private first class ended his military service this month.   the former supermodel and host of america’s next top model listed her spanish colonial in the for $. million back in september, but apparently it didn’t make any prospective buyers smize.   the former wanted to emulate him, while the latter hoped to have him narrate their exploits.   the formula e race, which is operated by the same organization that runs formula racing, pits single seat electric cars against each other in races that last about minutes.   the fort lauderdale church offered no further details.   the forty-two corpses were laid on a pyre of wood, tires, and plastic; doused in diesel and gasoline; and set aflame, in a fire that burned for fifteen hours, until about four the following afternoon.   the foundation has restored hendrix's bedroom to reproduce the way it looked when he was living there and developed an exhibition on the musician - a project which cost . million pounds (. million euros, $. million).   the foundation said the share of poor students in the nation's schools has been growing for decades.   the founding of alf khair feels like the biggest risk so far, as it involves leaving the position i'm currently in to create something that is far out of my core competency.   the four boys, all cousins aged to , were killed while playing on a beach off a coastal road west of gaza city during the war last summer.   the four new locomotives are expected to improve the operations of tazara, which has struggled with old, infrequently maintained equipment, simuchile said.   the four other warrants were served previously.   the four round island webcams allow up-close views of walruses that few people ever see in person.   the fourth installment of michael bay's explosion-fest led the pack in golden raspberry award nominations, which go out to the worst films and performances of the year.   the fourth one hit the figure, his wife mckaylee higgs, in the back of the neck.   the fourth try is my turn, and we see the first signs of a breakthrough.   the fourth-year quarterback wound up on his back on a third-down incompletion on washington's second possession, driven to the turf by linebacker deandre levy on a delayed blitz.   the four-time defending al central champions have sunk to last place in the division after an - start and only oakland has a lower winning percentage in the league.   the four-time super bowl champion and one of the league's marquee players has said he will appeal the penalty, handed down on monday for his part in deflating footballs for the afc title game in january.   the four-week moving average, nevertheless, fell by , to ,, holding close to the trend range since august.   the framing of news stories has come under scrutiny as well.   the france midfielder has been palace's standout player so far and if he doesn't recover from a knock in time to face united, pardew's side will lose their main creative force.   the fraud prevention computer system was meant to elevate medicare's game, putting it in the same league as major credit card companies that can freeze accounts proactively.   the fredericton downtown community health centre was also closed for the day, the horizon health network advised.   the free account limits the amount of space, upload times, and reporting.   the freed prisoners were handed over to afghanistan's ministry of defense to receive medical care, the u.s. military said in a statement.   the french climate ambassador warned that major political differences still needed to be resolved.   the french foreign ministry stated that the visit of the french delegation to crimea would be considered as a violation of international law.   the french leader said removing the embargo was key to opening cuba up to the rest of the world, adding that despite the move toward thawing relations with washington, economic barriers remain.   the french military in routed radical islamist groups from large swathes of northern mali.   the friend said davis told him that the house cleaner came over, the two had consensual sex, and within a few days the house cleaner moved in with him, charging documents said.   the friends of the appling county public library will host a reception in the conference room of the library in honor of alice coleman on monday, july , from : to p.m. the public is invited to attend.   the friend was detained in relation to the blackmail case on monday and was due to appear before a judge on wednesday in lyon.   the fries were a hit: “i have been cooking and eating fries for over years and these are amazing!”   the ftc said the payments were "isolated incidents" that occurred despite both microsoft and starcom mediavest having policies put in place to stop such deception taking place.   thefts highlight police report the baxley news-banner thefts highlight police report wednesday, october . the following are highlights of incidents that were handled by officers of the baxley police department over the past several days.   the full appeals court last week refused to reconsider a three-judge panel's unanimous ruling upholding bob mcdonnell's convictions.   the full interview will air sunday on cnn's "state of the union."   the full "safe" list is made up of candidates for eu membership or countries hoping to join.   the fully furnished one-room suites have been built as part of the annual sand sculpture festivals in sneek, friesland and oss, brabant.   the fund is down .% this year and has only a -star rating out of by morningstar.   the funds' filing the state's three largest public worker pension funds — the public employees' retirement system, the teachers' pension and annuity fund, and the police and firemen's retirement system — had already been suing the state.   the funeral for ramos was held last saturday.   the funeral will take place in hamburg in about two weeks, according to the newspaper "die welt."   the fur of these coats is also longer and denser than the coats of other tiger subspecies, which allows the amurs to endure harsh russian winters.   the further west and further south you go in xinjiang, the more troubled the past and the present.   the future family man was primarily raised by his grandmother.   the future of sports stadium architecture photos moses mabhida stadium, south africa – "the mayor asked us for something that would 'put durban on the map,'" said neinhoff.   the gains followed a heavy week of earnings that crossed just about every major sector of the us economy.   the gain was far better than the , jobs economists had expected.   the galaxy view sports a full hd ,x, display, above which sits a .-megapixel forward-facing camera.   the game is a "pause for tactics" rpg, meaning players can stop in the middle of battle and plan out efficient attacks.   the game is free to play; riot makes money by selling users virtual astronaut outfits and other gear.   "the game is not over yet," he told reporters after the ruling.   the game, new york giants vs. philadelphia eagles, is scheduled to begin at : p.m. pst.   "the games are at once social and competitive in nature and serve to create cross-cultural ties in the arctic on many levels."   the games are gone.   the game-time temperature was -c but the -kilometre-an-hour wind created a windchill of -c.   the game was chippy from the get-go, and then escalated in the third period, just minutes prior to calgary's - win.   the game was played in overcast conditions with a -mph wind.   the game — which is a spinoff of the wii u's hyrule warriors from last year — pits characters from the zelda universe against huge, improbable numbers of enemies.   the gang also found jesse eisenberg's "red capes" comment comical.   the gap remains, but is closing.   the garage sale is hosted at naha ( north clark st., chicago, il; ; --) by chef carrie nahabedian.   the garden was established in when singapore was part of the straits settlements, a british colonial region administered by the east india company.   the gardiner expressway would remain an elevated highway east of the don valley in john tory's hybrid plan.   the gas that usually causes a rotting egg smell is hydrogen sulfide and can damage sewer pipes.   the gates opened yesterday to what has become europe's largest music festival and is celebrating its th anniversary.   the gateway, started in , sold the first parcel to chick-fil-a and then came the carmike theater in -, bartlett said.   the gathering of preachers in texas this week, which is to conclude with a public rally on tuesday featuring music by christian rock band newsboys, is the latest sign that conservative evangelical leaders may be coalescing behind cruz.   the gauge of market turbulence known as the vix is down percent since tuesday, after posting a record percent jump in august.   the gene is associated with cell growth and dna repair, and the duplication could slow aging, magalhaes said.   the general command of the uae armed forces said emirati f-s carried out a series of strikes tuesday morning, according to a brief statement carried by the gulf nation's official wam news agency.   the general election campaign is starting to heat up and, as it does, commentators increasingly can't agree on what's likely to happen.   the general motors (gm) plug-in electric car won the same award when it debuted in .   the general pointed out that the south china sea islands and their adjacent waters have been china's territories since ancient times.   the general pulaski association, inc. will hold its annual installation dinner at p.m. cash bar with dinner at p.m. march at the millenium hotel, walden ave., cheektowaga.   the genie, similar in size and appearance to a coffee maker, can produce an unlimited variety of meals using pods, that contain natural dehydrated ingredients.   the geomagnetic storm was caused by the sun's coronal holes, which are regions where the star's corona is dark.   the georgian delegation chose the latter.   the german automaker remains in deep trouble, however, as it admitted in september to illegally manipulating its diesel vehicles for the purpose of deceiving emissions testers around the world.   the german government says it will spend billion euros ($. billion) next year to support the hundreds of thousands of migrants coming to germany.   the german music scene is increasingly singing "auf deutsch" - now even internationally famed rockers donots.   the german olympic sports confederation has confirmed the level of citizen support in hamburg to host the olympics is higher than in berlin.   the germans, carter said, "helped us in a way i can never reveal publicly to the world."   the german searches, which were carried out across six states, targeted people who had bought droidjack and used it in and .   "the germans won't accept . million refugees.   the giant destroyer is used to get rid of problem gophers, also known as richardson's ground squirrels.   the giants had not accomplished the feat at home since hack wilson and ross youngs had two triples each against the boston braves at new york’s polo grounds on june , , according to stats.   the gif and soundboard sections are robust, and gifs are auto-copied to your clipboard for pasting into your message app of choice.   the gigantic muppet had an uncanny way of disappearing just before adult characters arrived, and many assumed he was big bird's imaginary friend.   the giraffe's neck may explain why the animal doesn't say much.   the girl guides archives is open five days a week and is free to the public.   the girls also have an older sister.   the girls' antics put a tired smile on everyone's face.   the girls in my community can be part of the solution to expand and diversify the tech workforce.   the girls will also be flown to dallas to present their app at a conference this summer.   the girl was rescued by her mother, who traveled to syria last year.   the girl, who is not being named because of her age, went before a juvenile court judge monday and was ordered to undergo a mental competency exam before her next appearance.   the girl, who is now , testified earlier this year that she was never threatened with violence or repercussions.   "the glass breaks as soon as the mirror gets too warm," says günther hasinger, director of the institute of astronomy at the university of hawaii.   the glass was smashed and the shelter broken.   the global ethylene glycol market has been covered in detail in this report.   the globalization of hope, a hope which springs up from peoples and takes root among the poor, must replace the globalization of exclusion and indifference!"   the global pmi index combines data from countries including the united states, japan, germany, france, britain, china and russia.   the global status report on road safety comprises a narrative text combining evidence, facts and best practices with conclusions drawn following the analysis of the data collected for countries.   the globe and mail cites industry sources as saying the province would put up to per cent of the provincially owned corporation in an initial public offering.   the gm assembly line workers at the bowling green factory who rolled the car out in july of , had signed it.   "the goal hasn't changed, but what's important is that we've come to realize the path has problems," he says now.   the goal is to get on the ferry to athens, quickly, without being noticed beforehand.   the goal is to spot as many species as possible within a single year.   the goal is to test water from every well in the subdivision and while there's no indication of contamination, it's known there is ground water contamination at the nearby st. john's international airport.   the goals “are a to-do list for people and planet, and a blueprint for success,” ban said.   the goals are predictable.   "the goals behind them aren't bad.   the goal was to cooperate on small, fuel-efficient cars for emerging economies, providing suzuki with access to technology while giving vw a wider role in the indian market through suzuki’s business there.   the godfrey fire protection district trailed the jersey county agency with votes.   the gofundme campaign — called tiny house, huge purpose — has brought in nearly $, in less than a month.   the gold is one side of the spectrum.   the good, bad and ugly: colleagues describe musk as extremely demanding and intolerant of failure.   the good citizen winners will be honored at the annual student awards banquet monday, march , .   the good news is that marianne lake, jpmorgan's chief financial officer, told reporters that "markets are reasonably quiet" in recent weeks.   the good news is that she'll perform indoors, unlike early september when she appeared to a big crowd gathered outside at memorial stadium.   the good, the bad, the ugly for all the criticism of the greens this week, cheng-tsung pan of chinese taipei, had just one three-putt and that came in sunday's final round at the th hole.   the good women need to come out," said businesswoman amodugbe okanlawon.   the gop-controlled congress is hardly likely to propose any new spending or to deal with the continuing decay of urban neighborhoods.   the gop has another wrinkle, as well – republican senators up for re-election in may need to display their moderate sides.   the gop's donald trump problem is scott walker done?   the government also plans to pursue warrants to search electronic devices seized from nagi's home during a july search, he said.   the government also said it was working to secure their release, without providing information about who they believed was behind the kidnapping.   "the government also will shift these would be migrants to be legally employed in the formal sector, based on their capabilities and competencies," manpower minister dhakiri said.   the government and leaders of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc) have been negotiating the five-point peace plan for the past three years.   "the government deregulated the process of establishing new enterprises," swiecicki pointed out.   the government didn't provide a specific number of layoffs, but said effected employees will be able to retrain as correctional workers or be helped by other provisions contained in the collective agreement.   the government established building standards, began offering mortgage insurance and officially rechristened the “mobile home” as a “manufactured house.”   the government expects the red alert to persist until at least thursday.   the government had not been seeking to sabotage the peace agreement with the milf by carrying out the operation without their knowledge, he said.   the government had to slash a third off its budget and seek $ billion in foreign loans after a glut in global production caused oil prices to halve and cost the country a big drop in oil revenue.   "the government has also tolerated and collaborated with pro-government armed groups of civilians," hrw said.   the government has applied the standard toolbox of policy measures and "cosmetic bandages" to stop the hemorrhaging, but as japan well knows, this stopgap approach merely postpones the pain.   the government has confirmed there were about tonnes of the deadly chemical sodium cyanide in a warehouse that blew up on aug , killing at least and devastating a huge swath of the city.   the government has cracked down on asylum-seekers trying to arrive in the island continent by boat, turning back the vessels when possible in military-led operations.   the government has increased the contribution limit to tax-free savings accounts from $, to $, a year.   the government has in the past banned dieudonne's shows because it considers them "anti-semitic".   the government has paid out almost £.bn in tax relief for films since , the paper says - but it does not add its own praise for the "tory axeman".   the government has plans to gradually increase the annual total intake to , places by -.   the government, he claimed, “is trying to turn this case into something it is not.”   the government hived off $. million from the parks canada budget in - to the trans canada trail foundation, an outside charitable organization.   the government insider said this would place the bsj in a position to not only track and trace the seeds, but to monitor the industry in accordance with international standards.   the government insists its use of force has been to quash fledgling "uprisings" in several towns in the area.   the government in tehran says it can add almost million barrels to daily production within six months of sanctions being lifted.   "the government is making saving the life of the hostage as our priority," said yoshihide suga, japanese chief cabinet secretary at a press conference.   the government is now revising next year's budget — already tight because of economic troubles — to spend more on security and defense.   the government is "still holding out hope" that other wells in lotikipi will find cleaner water, mutai said, and more drilling is underway.   the government later reversed its agreement and said any proceeds would belong solely to colombia, prompting a lawsuit from ssa.   the government may have blocked the delivery of food aid and medical supplies by humanitarian groups to the vanni in the northern province, which may amount to the use of starvation of the civilian population as a method of warfare, the release said.   the government most often awards pell grants to students whose families make less than $, a year, making it a common marker of an institution's accessibility and diversity.   the government must do something before this escalates to bloody confrontations."   the government must show it is meeting goals for the next tranche of us$. billion.   the government of saskatchewan released the document below to explain the savings calculations from the lean program.   the government on friday agreed to key reforms that are close to what creditors have demanded before they release new loans, officials said on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the negotiations.   the government plans to set out its achievements in iraq so far with raf air strikes and training of kurdish and iraqi security forces, sources said.   the government predicts the economy, the eurozone’s fourth-largest, will expand by percent this year.   the government routinely registers pornographers’ marks: teensdoporn.   the government says it will cover the resettlement costs of the second wave of , refugees coming in the new year.   "the government sees machar is having trouble keeping his house in order and may try to make deals with opposition commanders or ask machar to demonstrate control over his forces before agreeing to power-sharing percentages in a deal," copeland said.   the government’s official forecast for next year is for the economy to expand by . percent, still a level too low to bring down the high level of unemployment in which one person in has no job.   the government's own estimates suggest that future installations will fall by over %.   the government will also not have control over the police, justice system, security services or issues in ethnic sates, critical for ending conflict which has lasted for more than years.   "the government will continue to face flat revenue growth and expenditure pressures due to low water levels, health and forest fire fighting costs during the th assembly," he said.   the governor of colima ordered schools closed on friday, when the storm was forecast to make landfall as a still-deadly category storm.   the governor says the legislature will have to rewrite state law, but the state senate leader says the governor could simply order it to happen.   the governors of at least states have announced that they won’t accept syrian refugees.   the graduates had met for academic sessions in shanghai, bangalore, new delhi, singapore and los angeles, where they were immersed in company site visits, meetings with leading executives and projects with international companies.   the grammy-winning artist was accused by multiple women over several years of having sexual relationships with minors, sometimes videotaping it, and thus creating child pornography.   the grand final, hosted by graham norton, will air on bbc one at : bst on may.   the grand jury will reconvene in january to deliberate other matters in the case, jordan said.   the grandmother’s older sister was also forcibly evicted, with her two children.   the graphic sprawl of the jonestown victims' bodies, notoriously memorialized in photos that sent shockwaves across the world, is marked as grotesquely "other", parodied in crude pop culture jokes and lore.   the grasses are "key" and hold the sediment deposits in place to stabilize the area in front of the new dyke, said mclellan.   the grassroots radicalism that, for years, relegated sanders to the wingnutty sidelines of the field now bind him to the liberal zeitgeist.   the gravity is so weak that without the harpoons intended to fire from the feet, the probe bounced across the comet.   "the great danger lurking over the schengen zone is that the member states permanently keep checks on the internal borders in breach of the rules," pascouaud said.   "the greatest years of america are in front of us," he said, challenging the crowd to "stand up for freedom."   the great french writer and aviator antoine de saint-exupery, for instance, is one of my favorites.   "the great gas resources for australia are in the west, and if you fit that jigsaw back, you get more of a picture of how those gas resources were created."   the great men of history and literature have tended not to be terrific fathers.   the great provider is available in some bookstores and online via amazon, hay house publishing or balboa press.   the great room includes a gas log fireplace and a wall of bookshelves.   the greece-macedonia border has become a funnelling point for tens of thousands of men women and children fleeing conflict at home to try to find a better life in europe.   the greek economy is weak, definitely, but at the end of the growth rate was respectable and surpluses on the primary public budget and current account pointed to a better future.   the greek independents are projected to have seats in the -seat parliament.   the greek public on sunday voted "no" to accepting austerity measures demanded by its european creditors.   the greeks should get a straightforward choice between the only two realistic options: staying in the eurozone under the stated conditions or leaving the eurozone (and allegedly have their "dignity" and "democracy" back).   the green blobs?   the green space north of th has water features, cafe tables and long benches, even a play area for children.   "the grief is here and we keep it as a treasure -- it is a souvenir of her; we don't pretend we're not sad, that we're not devastated.   the grizzlies are - in the playoffs with conley in the lineup.   the group also invites any young professional interested in supporting their cause to join them sunday, oct. at - p.m., at the reel inn, pacific coast hwy, malibu to discuss ways to help support the youth at the club and develop the group.   the group also made forays into ukrainian-controlled territory.   the group filed its first injunction in june, when municipal officials unveiled plans for a vast development project in pierrefonds-roxboro, including more than , new homes on a nearly untouched stretch of land in the western part of the borough.   the group, founded in , adhered to its annual tradition last saturday of holding a carnival in central brussels to raise money for disadvantaged children.   the group frequently stages bomb and gun attacks in the capital aiming to topple somalia's western-backed government.   the group had earlier reported the discovery of at least nine bodies believed to be prisoners executed by regime forces before they withdrew from the city.   the group hopes to sponsor a family of six members, or more, from either syria or iraq.   the group is almost split equally between men and women, percent to percent, respectively.   the group of four institutes said they expect europe's biggest economy to grow by . percent this year — down from the . percent prediction in april.   the group reportedly spent more than $. million on ads touting rubio between june and late november.   the group revealed that total sales, stripping out the impact of new floor space and excluding petrol, fell . percent in the six weeks to january from a year earlier.   the group says it has requested meetings with federal politicians to discuss the science behind their reasons in favour of the moratorium.   the group's key performance metrics are streamed in realtime on its website.   the group's reef campaigner shani tager highlighted the fact that the australian government had been asked to prepare a report within months.   the group's wealth is estimated at $- billion, hashemi says.   the group, which has cultural ties to turkey, has complained of cultural and religious suppression under chinese rule.   the group will be moderated to keep it focused," he stressed in his status update.   the growing kurdish sway is of no comfort to turkey, worried by the risk of separatist sentiment among its own kurds.   the grow-ops were side-by-side on murray st., and featured "sophisticated ventilation and watering equipment, transformers, lights" and more, brantford police said in a news release.   the growth is largely due to family memberships.   the guest on his show are diverse but a common element in each episode is his ability to allow them to share their personal and unfiltered stories and perspective.   the guest speaker was matt symmank with the texas parks and wildlife dept. (tpwd) who provided an update on the wetland restoration - water purification project near the richland-chambers reservoir in navarro and freestone counties.   the guest, who goes by the name 'bubbles,' said that villalobos told her that he and the victim got into a fight when he told her he planned to evict her.   the guide included contacts in ghana, iran, thailand and china who would help find couriers and buyers for meth.   the guides face fines and jail time for alleged poaching and not having the proper permits.   the guide was hospitalized while the foreigners are all safe, said uy and police spokeswoman inspector jiselle longakit.   the gunman — armed with an assault weapon — killed three people, including a police officer, and injured nine others at the colorado springs clinic.   the gunman then drove to a naval reserve center about kilometres away, fatally shooting the four marines before being shot and killed in a firefight with police.   the gunmen opened fire on three separate vehicles in the attack, including a bus traveling from kabul and heading to ghazni province, said attahullah khogyani, a spokesman for the provincial governor.   the gun store at the top of the list was so embarrassed that it voluntarily took measures to reduce its use by criminals — and the rate at which new guns from the store were diverted to crime dropped percent.   the gun violence archive lists mass shootings in in which four or more people were killed.   “the gut bacteria fueled by artificial sweeteners send chemical signals to the liver to make more sugar,” devries said.   the guy is brilliant.   the gym is too far, you're tired, you're sore, you need to lose some weight first, you don't have time, your wrist hurts, you ate too much for lunch, you already went three days ago, blah blah blah.   the hail dinged her car.   the hall of fame announcer’s consecutive years of service make him the longest-tenured broadcaster with one team in sports history.   the hall of fame coach is widely known for his time with the green bay packers, who hired lombardi as head coach in .   the hallowed usc football program has five ap national championships and more than a century of proud history, but it has endured turmoil for most of the past six years since carroll left the school for the nfl's seattle seahawks in .   the handout fails to mention that cambodia's government has a history of brutally cracking down on dissent, most recently against opponents who accused the ruling party of rigging elections.   the hang seng china enterprises index sank . percent, extending the world’s worst decline in the past month.   the hard and painful reality of the greek banking system in turmoil would lead, inevitably, to capital shifting from banks in economies perceived to be weaker - portugal, spain and italy, inter alia - to the stronger north, especially germany.   the harder part now for most northern bishops is to find personnel, priests to serve in those areas."   the hard-liners' focus on religious differences can obscure the country's underlying socio-economic divisions, anand menon, a professor of west european politics at king's college london, told the worldpost.   the hard reality is that without business participation and innovation these lofty goals will remain unachievable.   the hard sell the availability of the mhz band is only one problem that has been hampering the spread of lte in europe, according to mark colville, analyst at analysys mason.   the hashtag was coined on twitter by a feminist magazine.   the haydn work was somewhat longer than the handel, edging closer to the later development of the genre.   the hdp, or peoples' democratic party, an opposition party with kurdish roots, also said in a statement that elci's death was an assassination and blamed the akp, the ruling justice and development party.   the headline on page of the wall street journal read, “bankers cast doubt on key rate amid crisis.”   the head of a serbian arms factory told the associated press this week that the m semi-automatic pistol's serial number matched one delivered to delray beach-based century arms in may .   the head of english football's players union says the club is due to hold a news conference on monday in relation to the signing of ched evans, who served half of a five-year sentence before his release in october.   the head of french avionics firm thales said earlier it was ready to provide technical support.   the head of her high school, john packard, added: "anna was beloved by all who were fortunate enough to know her.   the head of the european central bank said it's ready to give the region a bigger dose of stimulus should inflation fail to pick up.   the head of the european union's executive says of the member states should be forced to accept another , people in need of international protection who have come toward the continent at high risk through greece, italy and hungary.   "the heads of state and governments are standing ready to meet if the preliminary work is done and if it's necessary to hold an emergency summit," she said at a news conference in berlin.   the headteacher at maidstone grammar school for girls has also sent a letter warning parents.   the headwear, which had the rigid façade and the braided rope of a cruise-ship giveaway, added an expeditionary element to the day’s outfit, of blazer, pale slacks, golf shoes—well suited for a mission that he was describing as one of great personal risk.   the health and wellbeing of the people of michigan is always a top priority.   the health is the biggest issue, and that’s why he understands his role.   the health ministry said the tertiary patients originated from the unidentified hospitals, one of which has been closed to the public since south korea's mers crisis began.   the hearing for sb is scheduled for : p.m. today -- wednesday -- at the assembly governmental organization committee, which will take place in room of the state capitol in sacramento.   the heavy, wet snow on trees also made work difficult for crews trying to restore power.   the heirloom tomato salad was a standout dish.   the helmet, featuring a fierce panda bear, fetched a bid of $, for pediatric liver research at a fundraiser.   the heritage lottery fund has provided cash for north down borough council to uncover the life of st columbanus, regarded across europe as one of ireland's greatest saints.   the hernandez trial in minutes the hernandez trial in minutes : shayanna jenkins, hernandez's fiancee, testified that hernandez told her to dispose of a box from the couple's home that she said reeked of marijuana.   the high court has been much more skeptical of the role of race in public programs since justice samuel alito joined the court, taking the seat of justice sandra day o'connor.   the high-end market, which apple dominates, is where android fragmentation may be costing google precious sales.   the highest number of provocative attacks by the enemy was registered near the village of pisky, which is close to the ruined donetsk airport.   the highest paid is duke basketball coach mike krzyzewski, who reportedly rakes in $. million in salary alone, not including endorsement deals.   the highly contagious disease has now killed more than , people in the region.   the high school star signed his letter of intent with georgia tech, having been assured by dodd that he would be there throughout norris’ career.   the high tides also did their usual minor flooding in sausalito, mill valley and other low-lying parts of the bay area.   the hill is very well-known for its difficulty, and because he loves france and cycling, he decided to climb it on his bicycle,” the local source said.   the hiring targets were released on friday along with data showing that twitter primarily employs white and asian men in high-paying technology jobs, like most of its industry peers.   the hit also looks at some of the reaction from around the world to england's early exit from their home tournament.   the hiv outbreak, the biggest in state history, is centered on scott county near the kentucky border and now includes at least five cases in neighboring jackson county, officials said.   the home next door was also damaged, the heat causing its siding to melt.   the home owner arrived at the residence and found the back door open and the front gate open.   the home side kept pushing for the equalizer only to be frustrated by the visitors’ well-organized defense.   the homes were going on the market in a month for $, and up.   the home was also dubbed the "honeymoon hideaway" for the time presley spent there with his wife, priscilla.   the home where jamyla was killed is not far from the location on canfield drive where michael brown jr. was fatally shot by police last year.   the honor that year went to the late george carlin. photos: joan rivers through the years kathy griffin is one of many comedians who can cite rivers as an influence.   the hoops dominated possession but lacked the creative spark to get behind an organised kilmarnock defence.   the hope gold coin is a cryptographic currency created by the charitable trust.   the hornets outscored the mavericks - in the third quarter, shooting percent while dallas hit . percent and missed on all eight of their three-point attempts.   the hosts had a fantastic start to the tournament after their team beat china -.   the hotel is frequented by top government officials but the identity of the dead was not immediately clear.   the hotel's pool is otherwise open only to guests.   the hotel's weekday courtesy shuttle will take guests to locations within a -mile radius including the dunwoody marta station.   the hot-tempered head coach has a big task ahead of him: the blue jackets have started -- and surrendered nearly five goals per game to start the - season.   the house democrats' campaign arm, seized on the episode.   "the house had an overwhelmingly large vote for the usa freedom act," house speaker john boehner, r-ohio told reporters on tuesday.   the house had small windows covered with netting - so i cut the net with scissors and jumped down into the street," she explained.   the house overwhelmingly passed legislation to tone down surveillance the nsa can conduct under the patriot act by ending bulk collections of ordinary americans’ phone data.   the house rules committee is expected to meet wednesday evening and the house is still on track for a final vote on friday, said rep. lamar smith (r-texas), whom huffpost spoke to as he left the conference meeting.   the houthis continued to grab more territory beyond their northern base.   the houthis want a ceasefire as a precondition for talks.   the houthis want broader negotiations on the country's political future.   the human body, he says, is like nature.   the human cannonball will be making an appearance (photo via facebook) it doesn't get any more american than this.   the hungarian authorities have two months to respond to the commission," the eu executive said.   the hunters argue that the autumn season is not enough and reject the environmentalists' argument.   the hunt for lamb brought together campus police and city police as well as the mississippi highway patrol, bolivar county sheriff's department and agents from the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives.   the huron county medical examiner will perform an autopsy for the investigation, which continues.   the huskies were also fueled by stories speculating that oklahoma (which had a loss and a tie going into the orange bowl) would be voted no. if they beat uw.   "the iaaf's delaying publication for so long without good reason is a serious encroachment on the freedom of publication," the university said in a statement cited by the "times."   the iaea agreement is aimed in part at resolving suspicions about iran's military facility at parchin, where us lawmakers, citing intelligence reports, say tehran conducted past nuclear work.   the iaea had no immediate comment.   the iaea said it had sent iran questions relating to its submissions about its past nuclear activities, adding that there had been "ambiguities" in tehran's original documents.   the iaea wants to be able to visit military sites if it deems this necessary to verify that iran's nuclear program is wholly for the purpose of peaceful energy as tehran asserts.   the iarc links tobacco smoking with lung, bladder and lip cancers as well as stomach, liver and kidney cancers, among others.   the icc move paves the way for the court to take jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in palestinian lands and investigate the conduct of both israeli and palestinian leaders over more than a decade of bloody conflict.   the ice cream also incorporates ribbons of airheads taffy, creating an innovative, never-before-seen combination.   the idaho transportation department is helping in the project by using recycled equipment for the temporary light project.   the idea behind the new designs is to use modern high temperature superconductors for the electromagnets, which can be cooled with common liquid nitrogen, rather than using regular superconductors, which one needs liquid helium for.   the idea for the project came while quail was in libya looking at ways in which to tell the story of loss in the aftermath of war.   the idea hasn’t been fleshed out yet but it seems to follow the precedent set by quebec’s liberal government, which has announced a deal with the provincial pension fund to finance and run public infrastructure.   the idea of instant annihilation terrified humanity.   "the idea of paying money to watch football (on television) still has not taken root in germany.   the idea of water — and life — on mars has been irresistible to earthlings for generations.   the idea that a prime minister is the "steward of the economy" is a convenient bit of fiction, co-created by politicians and the journalists who cover them.   the idea that we now only have one more american idol finale to watch.   "the idea to 'under-promise' is all about managing expectations," khan said in an email.   the identified priority economic activities are the basis for the incentives granted to qualified investors in the region.   the identities of the people involved have not been released, although more information is expected wednesday after noon.   the illustration shows "not oceans, but residual bodies of water that are highly concentrated in minerals after the oceans are largely gone, and you have lakes and pools and rivers left," jenkins said.   the ilo study dismissed as "ageism" fears that care for the elderly is becoming unaffordable as populations grow older.   the image communicated the horrors of the war and contributed to the growing anti-war sentiment in the united states.   the image itself was snapped by the new horizon probe hours before its closest approach, some , miles away.   the image offers some details about the device, including support for what appears to be a d camera.   the imagery it conjures goes beyond simply drawing courage from his religion when things like, “i want you to put the fear of god in these   the images after that show trucks full of mortar rounds.   the images are striking not just for their graphic content but also for their use of color, a remarkable achievement considering the poverty in which the artists lived.   the imf has praised the euro group for building a "fire wall" to prevent grexit-related turbulence from spreading to other countries.   the imf’s dour debt assessment is a clear warning that the fragile bailout accord hasn’t removed the risk of a greek exit from the eurozone and that the imf needs a strong commitment for debt restructuring from the eurozone to participate.   “the impact is on the national economy and when even the government in scotland takes an interest, you know that this is not just a problem for the south east and kent.”   the impact knocked roy approximately feet, according to the georgia state patrol report.   "the impact of being exploited can be a lifetime of trying to rehabilitate or get yourself into a better place.   the impact of plummeting international crude oil prices on chemical product sales appeared to be fading and should help the sector see a recovery in production last month, the ministry said.   the impact techniques are extremely simple, as in any baton user would be able to master those techniques, and they don't take long to teach," orcutt said.   the impasse was settled on feb. .   "the implications for how we treat diseases like type diabetes, and how we plan our research studies could be profound."   the importance of good design is only amplified by the diminishing differences perhaps it’s a sign of the maturation of smartphones.   the important point is that no matter how powerful life's storms, faith and courage can protect one until the sun shines again.   "the important thing is that we have military presence," the secretary-general said.   the inaugural camp in regina will be july - at leibel field.   the incident also caused a fuel leak, with fuel spilling out at a rate of about gallon a minute at one point, foye said.   the incident comes just one day after a -year-old surfer was bitten on his back and buttocks by a shark at seven mile beach, about km further up the coast.   the incident comes just over a year after the fatal shooting of michael brown, an unarmed black teenager in ferguson, missouri, sparked national outrage over police misconduct and use of force.   the incident happened in a cherry picker just off main street near reading road shortly before p.m. witnesses described the incident as a loud noise, then a ball of fire.   the incident happened just after p.m. deputies responded with oregon state police and south lane county fire and rescue.   the incident happened near comstock and birchmount roads just before : a.m. police say it's possible some lumber fell on the man.   the incident is said to have occurred during a dispute with the child's mother.   the incident is the sixth police shooting in the last week in los angeles county.   the incident left one instructor hurt.   the incident makes an already nightmarish air travel situation on much of the east coast even worse.   the incident occurred about kilometres south of the velodrome in milton, where cycling events will be held later this month for the pan am games.   the incident occurred during the construction of an elevated section of the taichung mrt’s green line.   the incident occurred on nov. . records show that salata, who is homeless, was convicted of lewdness involving a child in utah in .   the incident was filmed and posted online by a local production company.   the incident, which happened tuesday afternoon in broad daylight, represents an unfortunate welcome to oakland for the nba.   the increase is due mostly to the electricity industry’s major upgrades to its systems, especially to its transmission and distribution infrastructure.   the increasingly high-octane nature of politics, combined with the advent of social media, has indeed led to personal and even insulting remarks about public officials' children.   the independent canine jumped into the suitcase when the owner wasn't looking.   the independent councillor for skye, hamish fraser, has said that the reasons for the changes are not good enough.   the independent police review authority is investigating the incident.   the independent's lead story highlights a study by inside housing magazine which suggests that almost % of former council homes sold at a reduced rate under the government's right to buy scheme are now being let out on the private rental market.   the index declined as china headed for its slowest growth in years as the government shifts its focus to a consumer-driven instead of industrial- driven economy.   the indictment alleges hastert withdrew a total of $. million in cash from various bank accounts from to , then provided the money to individual a. the indictment says hastert agreed to the payments after multiple meetings in .   the indictment also alleges zheng smuggled objects made from rhinoceros horn and elephant ivory from the united states to china by using the u.s. mail.   the individual managers of our businesses make all the decisions," buffett said.   the industry doled out nearly $ million in campaign contributions in the elections, rewarding friends and punishing enemies, and spent another $ million on lobbying.   "the industry needs to control the story by controlling the lexicon through creative, positive words that tell a vivid story and lock out the language of critics."   the infant apu’s father, harihar, a descendant of priests and scholars, aspires to literary greatness but has trouble making a living.   the infection is also a common cause of invasive disease, such as pneumonia, bacteremia, and meningitis.   the influx of money into professional football from sponsors, television contracts, and foreign investors has made being a footballer attractive to many youths.   the influx of visitors has turned front lawns into temporary parking lots; food trucks and kids’ lemonade stands line the streets near the arena.   the information contained in the ap news report may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of the associated press.   the information published by unian and the site unian.info are the property of "unian."   the initial call came in at : p.m. firefighters had to work from a safe distance across the street to knock the fire down.   the initial response by some, like dubrowa, may be to shut down when racial discussions become uncomfortable.   the initiative is part of what is meant to be a new nationwide approach to the problem.   the injured boy was taken to a hospital in serious condition but police say the wound isn't life-threatening.   the injured cop sustained a swollen foot and injuries to his knees and elbow.   the injuries occurred in various localities of peshawar, pakistan, about miles from the quake epicenter, according to peshawar district officer muhmand asim khan and other officials.   the inmate population dropped to a -year low of ,.   the inmates say they were among a group of who jailers moved into the gym around dinnertime because doors in the otis bantum correctional center, one of the facilities on the island, wouldn't lock.   the inscription on the pendant reads: "hear my soul speak."   "the inspector would yell and scream at me and leave me in tears" said the woman who was involved in a prolonged dispute with a co-worker.   the inspiration for elements of "blurred lines," which was the biggest hit of , came from phrases williams said he heard growing up and the upbeat sound of the disco era in the s.   the inspiration for locke's "sequel" - peter and the wolf - was composed by sergei prokofiev in .   the institute of contemporary history published the “zweites buch” (“second book”) with weinberg’s commentary in .   the institute will also advocate for safety policies and rules, building on the zackery lystedt law passed in washington in and then extended to all states.   the institution's chief economist pointed out that greece makes up just percent of the eurozone's economy and less than . percent of the global economy.   the institutions have changed and thus they behave in fundamentally different ways.   the insurgency has also cast doubt on the leadership of president goodluck jonathan, who is seen as not having done enough to contain it or protect civilians, hundreds of whom have been kidnapped, including scores of schoolgirls.   the intensity of these two days can be nerve wrecking for the instructors to be, but it's all for the greater course; a scuba instructor has to be able to work under pressure in varying conditions and with different kinds of people in a fast pace.   the intent was to take him out.   the interception was the second of the game for cousins, who completed of passes for yards with one touchdown.   "the interesting part is that the historical sources (mainly spanish chroniclers) didn't mention the presence of women in the convoy, and here we have a large presence of women" among remains excavated so far, martinez said.   the interior design is inspired by art deco and there's a liveried doorman at the entrance.   the interior ministry said ejday was arrested on may on suspicion of car theft and he had committed suicide the following day.   the international centre for the study of radicalisation in london said the number of foreigners fighting in syria and iraq topped , by january -- with nearly a fifth of them from western europe.   the international dialogue centre is the intergovernmental organization that uses dialogue to build peace in conflict areas.   the international literature prize has shortlisted these deep, innovative novels.   the international new york times announced last month that it will cease printing and distributing its print edition in thailand at the end of this year, attributing the decision to the rising cost of operations.   "the internet knows no border - a problem in one country can have a knock-on effect in the rest of europe.   the interview came as queen elizabeth ii marked becoming the longest reigning monarch in british history with a masterclass in understatement -- a simple thank you and the comment: "inevitably a long life can pass by many milestones."   the intrepid traveler has rolled his suitcase all over the territory, deliberately picking neighborhoods far off the beaten trail.   the introduction of a comma, a period, and a capital letter was promising, but i was beginning to worry that my training model was not going to work.   the inventive script begins with peter’s mother dropping off the infant to an orphanage, where he grows up hungry and rebellious (all memories of “oliver!” are encouraged).   the inventor of laser-eye surgery thinks he can rid the world of blindness in the next ten years.   the inventor of the hamburger - or air vent - is sanguine about his legacy.   the investigation also sent a message to other politicians and chinatown power brokers, said rory little, a law professor at the university of california, hastings and a former federal prosecutor.   the investigation grew to encompass major u.s. cities including chicago, new york and los angeles.   the investigation into the mishap is centering on whether there was a valve malfunction that prevented the pilot from accessing the additional fuel, officials said.   the investigation into valcov is one of several high-level corruption probes in the past year in romania, one of the european union's poorest countries.   the investigation led deputies to a vehicle, and they arrested its occupants - wynn and a teen boy - in the afternoon near the intersection of east avenue t- and th street east.   the investigation was branded as "outrageous" by israeli foreign minister avigdor lieberman.   the investigator would issue a draft report and a final version.   the investment fund began in as an internal savings and loan program, because banks at that time were not lending money to churches.   the investments appreciated $ million in the last year, totaling $ million by the end of june, according to financial reports.   the ioc changed its rules in december to allow new sports to enter the games more easily to freshen up the program.   the i.o.c. loved a few things about the sport, to which it granted provisional recognition in : the spirit of the game, gender equity, global growth, youth appeal, and, most of all, how fun it is to watch.   the iphone plus is a big phone, but i went with it over the iphone because of the larger battery and ois.   their actions show the kind of jobs that everyone could have, if productivity gains were shared instead of captured by capital.   their ambitions for better jobs or further education and training fall by the wayside.   the iranian diplomat told nbc news on wednesday, "we believe that we are very close, very close."   the iranian financial institutions, in turn, have moved money for the islamic revolutionary guard corps (irgc), an elite iranian paramilitary organization, and for hezbollah, the militant shia movement based in lebanon and backed by iran.   the iranians ordered the ship into iranian waters.   their animals grow faster.   their answers offer a window into how demand for office supplies is shifting to a wider base of retailers perceived in some cases to be offering better quality or prices.   their calculation isn’t that surprising: illinois is overwhelmingly democratic, hillary clinton is likely to be on the ticket and kirk is expected to face off against a female veteran in the general election.   their comments turned into "oh i can say the n word malcolm doesn't care, he's the whitest black kid i know."   their eighth successive victory tightened the race for the southwest division title.   their estimate last year showed overall traffic for both days fell percent.   their families have been informed.   their families later complained that police, the school and the local authority had failed to pass on information they said could have prevented the girls leaving.   their first no. album recorded live at the memorial auditorium in sacramento, calif., "beach boys concert" () was the band's first album to hit no. on the billboard chart.   their first no. single released in may , "i get around" was written by brian wilson and mike love.   their friendship blossomed over the next two years.   “their goal came against the run of play after we had started well.   their granddaughter, belinda bannister, started reaching out to celebrities and dignitaries in march in an effort to make their anniversary memorable.   their greatest wish is for islamic state to be defeated and for them to return to mosul but as true humanitarians they have put their own feelings to one side and told me they are determined to "make a difference."   "their grief is inconsolable and the burden of grieving and then seeing this footage will be almost too much to bear."   their home country could be refusing to let them back, they could be fearing reprisals if they went home, they might not even have a home anymore.   their home in the fly-in-only community of garden hill, man., burned down while the harpers stayed with rinelle as she was being treated in winnipeg for injuries from the nov. , , attack.   their identities and details have been independently verified, but they have spoken on condition of anonymity.   their initial discovery of the oxygen oasis is detailed in the latest issue of the journal geology.   their jan. return plane tickets to madrid went unused.   their killer appears to have walked in off the street.   their lead over pittsburgh in the nl central slipped to / games.   "their lives are more complicated and more confusing," schlamme said.   their main prey is ringed seals.   their mother saw the smoke when she got up with her baby.   their names dissipate, as do their bodies soon after.   their names have not yet been released as investigations continue.   their names were not released.   their new checkbooks came in days, and they rented a flat on baker street.   their new home: a -foot sailboat, currently docked in ipswich, england, about an hour north of london.   their numbers will grow.   the irony of a first time home buyer home going into foreclosure is rich and tragic.   “their pr is rubbish, you never hear anything.   their psychiatrist also describes them in the documentary as "normal men with anti-social tendencies."   their recent track record is underwhelming.   their report says that in last may's election, labour lost % of the voters who had backed them in (they also gained about % from the lib dems).   their report stated: “a staff member told us that they had been on duty on their own between .am and am before a second member, who was new, joined them.   "their response is totally unswerving.   their results showed that changes in the speed of the pendulum swings coincided with cycles of those sound pulses.   their selection was provocative, if not totally persuasive.   their sons' disappearance after a clash with police ignited protests around the country against mexico's government.   their sound is an infusion of r&b, gospel, and pop influences.   "their spirits were down already after they lost him … i felt it," she said.   their story is also the subject of an equally moving short film "raising ryland," which is exclusively being showcased on cnn.   "their story was not credible to begin with and it's not credible now," fleischer said in a statement.   their territory covers hundreds of square miles, but most of it was still largely inaccessible owing to snow on the roads.   their theory incorporates the idea that g was once part of a larger gas cloud that subsequently broke up into smaller gas clouds that all follow the same path, like beads on a string.   their unique products are available on-line for entertaining and make a great gift that even non-color descent can give to people of color.   their views are vile, hateful, ignorant and, frankly, scary.   their wails were audible through the closed courtroom doors.   their war on idolatry – the attempt at a justification for these actions - cannot be justified.   their work may someday help automakers understand self-driving cars when extreme incidents occur, but honestly, we just loved watching the car automatically do donuts while its occupants enjoyed the ride.   the isabelle stevenson tony award is presented annually to a member of the theatre community who has made a substantial contribution of volunteered time and effort on behalf of one or more humanitarian, social service or charitable organizations.   the isis-linked group's claims "can't be considered accurate," russian transport minister maxim sokolov told the interfax news agency on saturday.   the isis terror threat photos a kurdish marksman looks over a destroyed area of kobani, syria, on friday, january , after the city had been liberated from the isis militant group.   the isis terror threat photos smoke billows after a mortar shell hit an anbar governorate building in ramadi, iraq, on wednesday, march . isis launched a coordinated attack on government-held areas of the western iraqi city.   the isis terror threat photos smoke billows after a mortar shell hit an anbar governorate building in ramadi, iraq, on wednesday, march . isis launched a coordinated attack on government-held areas of the western iraqi city.   the isis terror threat photos iraqi security forces withdraw from ramadi, the capital of iraq's anbar province, on sunday, may . isis took control of the city, according to the city's mayor and a high-ranking security official.   the isis terror threat photos junko ishido, mother of japanese journalist kenji goto, reacts during a news conference in tokyo on friday, january . isis would later kill goto and another japanese hostage, haruna yukawa.   the islamic militant group, during its - rule in afghanistan, banned women and girls from education and work, and ruled they could not go outside unless wearing an enveloping burka and accompanied by a male relative.   "the islamic revolution is advancing with good speed, its example being the ever-increasing export of the revolution," he said, according to the isna news agency.   the "islamic state" has held parts of anbar since .   the islamist terrorists said the siege was in retaliation for the kenyan military's involvement in fighting the islamist group in somalia.   the islanders are also unbeaten at home and dengate expects it to stay that way.   the island's rich volcanic ash allows the vanilla bean to grow in copious amounts, and while much of it is exported abroad, local chefs have also embraced it in their food to delicious effect.   the ism manufacturing index rose to . last month from . in april, the organization reported monday.   the israeli air force has carried out several raids against targets in syria, including depots storing weapons meant for hezbollah, since the conflict there started nearly four years ago.   "the israeli as well as the palestinian people have the right to live in security," she said.   the israeli leader has a popular following on twitter and often tweets videos and photos with messages critical of the iranian government and nuclear negotiations.   the israeli military did not comment on the reported casualties but said it carried out a raid friday morning on "part of the terror cell responsible for the rocket fire at northern israel."   the israelis, however, have sought to keep out of the more than four-year-old insurgency against assad, an old foe who, they fear, may be toppled by more hostile islamist militants.   the issue has sparked protests from pacifists who question the need to join global conflicts.   the issue is, people in the first world think they are above disease, and have not seen how bad some of these diseases can be on a population.   the issue was expected to be the subject of a congressional hearing thursday.   the italian newspaper la stampa quoted the dalai lama on monday as saying that dialogue with islamic state, which has seized swathes of territory in iraq and syria, was vital to ensuring peace.   the italian will try to become the first repeat winner of the event since jason kapono in -, but will face a talented field that includes golden state's sharp-shooting duo of stephen curry and klay thompson.   the itc has the ability to ban imports of goods deemed to infringe on patents.   the jamaicans are without chris gayle, marlon samuels, andre russell, jerome taylor and sheldon cottrell, who are in south africa on duties with the west indies duties.   the jawbone is one of the oldest artifacts of a modern human ever discovered.   the jersey she would have worn hung in the dugout at every game.   the jets have a healthy lead over their central division rival, seven points up on the avalanche, who have just one game in hand.   the jets have earned full marks for their play thus far, finding themselves tied at the top of the division with the blues, dallas stars and nashville predators coming into sunday.   the jihadist group controls swathes of neighbouring iraq and syria, and has claimed widespread abuses including the beheading of foreign hostages.   the job is being advertised nationally via the england hockey website and skipper sam handley said: “we have received a couple of applications but will let things run until the middle of next month and then look at things again.”   the job is difficult."   the jobs affected include applied research and administrative positions.   the joint air strikes were conducted as part of a technical agreement between turkey and the united states signed on monday after months of talks.   the joint slate, finalised on thursday, was in part a bid for electoral survival since the government has backed legislation raising the threshold for getting into parliament, leaving two of the four parties on the brink of extinction.   the joint task force atlantic said it became aware at a.m. that the vessel was taking on water.   "the joke solved political, social and economic problems and jokes helped get rid of mursi," said cartoonist al salam al-qawsi.   the journal says that heading the project are clay bavor and jeremy doig, with the former having created the google cardboard vr viewer, a device made of cardboard that turns any smartphone into a vr headset.   "the journey of reconciliation between our countries is really one of the great stories of nations that once were at war being able to find common ground and create a new relationship," he added.   the judge also banned the firm from using hendrix's name in its business, although he stopped short of a blanket bar on anything related to the guitarist.   the judge didn't address the changes mentioned in mason's filing, such as the notarization and the initials replacing the signature.   the judge later tried to keep davis out of jail after all, saying she could go free if her staff agreed to comply with the law and she agreed not to interfere.   the judge noted there have been delays, in part because the investigation and prosecution lacked sufficient resources to move the case forward more quickly.   the judge's decision friday does not constitute a final ruling on the legality of daily fantasy sports; lawyers for draftkings and fanduel said they plan to appeal.   the judge set a july hearing to discuss when a trial could be scheduled.   "the june election test, almost a year after getting the country's candidate status, should serve as our main investment in launching the membership negotiations with the european union," president bujar nishani said in a statement on friday.   the june email exchange reveals that other state department officials also occasionally went around the government system to make their work easier.   'the jungle book' set for comeback years after kipling's birth "the jungle book," one of rudyard kipling's best-known works, has been beloved by children for decades.   the junta summoned four of them for talks this week.   the jurors have also determined there were aggravating factors that could justify capital punishment for the accused.   the jury agreed with the prosecution on of the aggravating factors cited.   the jury deliberated about ½ hours wednesday and thursday without reaching a verdict.   the justice department also declined to prosecute wilson, announcing that decision at the same time it released its report critical of police and court practices.   the justice department has spent $. million so far on blue courage, and it has been introduced at the new york city and baltimore county police departments, as well as academies in nebraska and arizona.   the justices dismissed the argument by the federal government that preventing the rcmp from engaging in collective bargaining was warranted to prevent its members from engaging in a "an unlawful strike or other debilitating job action."   the justices issued an order thursday saying they will review the general assembly's report and then decide whether they should continue to oversee the case started when poor, rural districts sued the state years ago.   the justices ordered the three-judge panel to review the case in light of the high court's ruling last week in an alabama redistricting case.   the kansas lawmaker is on the right flank of the house gop conference, frequently breaking with leaders on key votes.   the kardashians fended off swooning fans as they entered the saint james cathedral in jerusalem's old city.   the kearny river fire started june and quickly burned through brush in the gila river riverbed near the town of kearny, arizona, about miles from phoenix.   the kennel club, the show’s organizers, said they were waiting for the results of the full toxicology report from belgium, due later this week.   the kent stores can usually get resupplied by the lower sackville branch, but that location is running low on sand and salt now too, said supervisor ian mcmurtie.   the kepler telescope searches for dips in light as planets pass in front of stars planets ranging in size from mercury to venus orbit the star within the equivalent of of our days.   the kernels are sustainably grown and sourced from nebraska, and the flavors are created on site from organic ingredients.   the kettle complex or 'stickpin' wildfire is huge — more than , hectares and belching smoke.   the keyboard and mouse come with the machines by default, but you can pay more to get the trackpad.   the key differentiator with nearline is what happens once you actually need that data again.   the key evidence for the ancient stream comes from the size and rounded shape of the gravel in and around the bedrock, according to the jet propulsion laboratory/caltech science team.   the key figure in making the uw dance program what it is today, however, is cdc founder hannah wiley, who studied at the uw from to , when classes were held in the old uw armory.   "the key for us was to play fast," lady highlander coach adam brothers said.   the key message, once again, is that all firms must look to move away from simple profit and loss measures.   the key to creating strong brand advocates is for brands to ensure that they are implementing high performing customer service techniques.   the key to trading is to cut your losses and to be able to come back and trade another day.   the kf-x mid-level fighter jet program will aim to develop jets to replace aging f- and f- fighters by , as well as adding air defense for its sole foreign partner, indonesia, which is paying a fifth of the development cost.   the kindle paperwhite is the best e-reader for most people by a wide margin.   the kind of magic that makes us tear up at publix commercials on tv.   the kingdom has been hardest hit by the virus, which was first identified three years ago.   the kingdom is among a handful of nations that has joined the u.s. in launching airstrikes against islamic state militants in syria.   the kingdom is partly responsible for the current oil price war because it refused last year to cut opec's -million-barrel-per-day oil output.   "the king is in a very strong position," said fayek hijazeen, who covers the monarch for the official petra news agency.   the kitsap sun reports that -year-old desmond eugene malcolm was arrested sunday on the felony charges and is being held in lieu of $, bail.   the knicks star checked out the jail complex for the latest installment of vice sports' "stay melo" video series, and the takeaways for the -year-old were clear.   the korea times said that foxconn will handle lcd demand for apple’s budget iphone.   the kremlin’s increased military assertiveness, the crimean invasion and now the presence of russian troops in syria combined with putin’s very public effort to take on a leadership role in the middle east are all part of that effort.   the kremlin's real goal is to help syrian president bashar al-assad retake as much as possible of the territory his forces have lost to opponents, including u.s.-backed rebels, russian officials told bloomberg news.   the kuomintang suffered a dramatic defeat at local polls in november as fears grow over warming ties with china under current president ma ying-jeou.   the kurds are no longer interested in being docile.   the kurds have also been an effective fighting force in both iraq and syria.   the kurds have won and lost and won the area in the past.   the kurds who voted for their own party were bombed by the regime.   the l.a. auto show runs from november to at the los angeles convention center, w olympic blvd, downtown.   the labor department said thursday that applications for unemployment benefits fell , last week to a seasonally adjusted ,.   the labor movement… got a shot in the arm from that, and has been building up ever since."   the labour party has stated that they would recruit a extra border control staff to deal with illegal immigration.   the lack of certification is bad news for american vw dealers who hoped to put the new models on sale soon.   the lack of snow has made for poor conditions south of the alaska range, especially in the area of the dalzell gorge, considered the roughest patch for mushers and dogs.   the la cookie con will take place at the la convention center located at south figueroa st. in downtown la.   the ladies were put through real life scenarios and were given pepper spray if they felt they needed to use it.   the ladues are frantic.   the lady bandits put the sportsmanship rule into effect after the third inning.   "the lady claimed she'd witnessed this horrible story in sloviansk," says kurkov.   the lady timberwolves play host to dreher at : p.m. thursday.   the lake is often called "the accidental sea" because it was created in when the colorado river breached a dike and two years of flooding filled a sizzling basin that today is about miles long, miles wide and only feet deep.   the lakers host portland in los angeles on monday.   the landmark deal would curb iran's nuclear program in return for the lifting of international sanctions.   "the land of south africa was stolen and taken through genocide and black people were killed," malema said.   the landscaper is the suspect in a series of phoenix freeway shootings and was arrested friday after trying to sell a gun at a pawn shop.   the lanes will re-open by a.m. wednesday.   the largest, mohamed plaza, is pictured here.   "the largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world is moving toward a nuclear weapon with the permission of the united states.   the la schools commonly get threats, but los angeles superintendent ramon cortines called this one rare and said the san bernardino attack influenced his decision to close the entire district.   the laser surgery is more common in the u.s., where toyota says it's offered by about different hospitals.   "the last few days has been really down for me and like all my friends.   "the last few weeks i put in a lot of hard work, changed my putting stroke completely and everything seems to be going right."   the last infanticide was in .   the last of his international appearances for the senior england team was in august .   the last text that lucas sent to his friend taylor holbrook was to ask a favour, to buy flowers and chocolate for his girlfriend in edmonton.   "the last thing we want to do is lay people off."   the last thing you want is to have regrets.   "the last thing you want to see is something similar to what happened with james, is when you can't do anything, when the car fails, and you've got no chance to rectify it."   “the last time congress reauthorized the voting rights act in , it was passed for the fourth time with sweeping bipartisan majorities in both houses of congress.   the last time someone requested a recording, she said, she pressed play on the tape deck and held it up to her computer’s microphone so she could create a digital file to send.   the last time something like this happened was in , when a glitch in the exchange's communications system shut it down four minutes before the closing bell.   the last time the provision in the north atlantic treaty was used was in the days after the september , attacks, when a coalition of countries invaded afghanistan -- an effort that continues to this day.   the latest apparent influx from sudan also raises concerns about the religious discourse that students in sudan, which itself promotes a conservative brand of islam, may be subjected to.   the latest attack was in the oil-producing northeast of the country.   the latest charges of embezzlement him led to a suspended sentence on dec. . "today we broke a record.   the latest: davis cup final in belgium sees tight security paris (ap) — the latest on the attacks in paris and security alert in brussels.   the latest fatalities in chitral in pakistan's khyber pakhtunkhwa province brought the number of deaths blamed on the flooding this week to nationwide.   the latest figures show households' saving rate fell to .% in the first quarter.   the latest known case came in february this year, when a smuggler offered a huge cache of deadly cesium — enough to contaminate several city blocks — and specifically sought a buyer from the islamic state of iraq and syria (isis).   the latest move to stop the development comes less than a week before condos planned for the ottawa side of the islands hit the market.   the latest parallel comes amid months of comparisons between the two loud-talking, republican new englanders for their similarly brash style of speak.   the latest updates can also be found on the province's emergencyinfobc website.   the latter prompts the uterus to contract and expel the placenta and the fetus.   the launch of the scheme was widely expected to be delayed after the plunges in chinese stocks shook global markets.   the launchpad for his international career was his winning performance of tchaikovsky's first piano concerto at the prestigious marguerite long-jacques thibaud competition in paris when he was . the triumph prompted his move to the french capital.   the lavish homes of american archbishops a westerner's indian 'awakening' atheists in the bible belt: a survival guide does 'exodus' whitewash the bible?   the law comes into force on the same date with the law "on the national police."   the law had the effect of requiring each county to issue wedding licenses.   the law has never been enforced as it conflicts with the federal constitution, but pas's leadership plans to submit a bill soon in the national parliament seeking a federal law change to allow it.   the lawmaker is nicknamed "long hair" and known for wearing che guevara t-shirts and heckling hong kong's beijing-backed leader and other establishment figures.   the law prohibits state laws that "substantially burden" a person's ability to follow his or her religious beliefs unless the government can show that it has a compelling interest and that the action is the least restrictive means of achieving it.   the lawsuit is also seeking damages.   the lawsuit was brought under the alien tort statute, which allows noncitizens to sue in u.s. courts over human-rights violations.   the lawsuit was filed last year against the departments of health and human services and treasury by republicans frustrated by their inability to torpedo the president's signature heath care law through legislative action.   the law was passed by a -to- vote in the -seat parliament.   the lead book runners on the deal are j.p. morgan, jefferies and bofa merrill lynch.   the leader has spent years consulting students in schools and universities, revitalizing the once-publicly funded katimavik youth program, and crafting a social media strategy that has tremendous appeal for first-time voters.   the leader of the back four is -year-old marvin matip, the older brother of schalke's young defensive talent joel matip.   the leaders have gathered since wednesday behind closed doors at the u.s. coast guard academy in connecticut.   the leaders of the smaller parties, who have tended to play more marginal roles in the run-up to the election, claimed centre stage in the debate.   "the leading column was ambushed by suspected boko haram terrorists at faljari village between mafa and dikwa," army spokesman colonel sani usman said.   the leads of royals third baseman mike moustakas and designated hitter kendrys morales narrowed in numbers released monday.   the league side had been keen to extend barrett’s loan which expired on monday.   the league did not specify what the gesture was in the win over green bay, but lynch grabbed his crotch after scoring a go-ahead touchdown in the fourth quarter.   the league said that the clubs voted to suspend the rule, and that it will evaluate the impact of that after this upcoming season.   the leak persisted, and in may another pair of astronauts replaced a faulty pump, fixing the problem.   the leaning tower is degrees steep and will take days to accomplish.   the learner profile outlines the community expectations of what a graduate should be able to know and do.   the ledger records every transaction in the system for people and companies alike.   the legacy from the schools and the political and legal policies and mechanisms surrounding their history continue to this day.”   the legacy of the choson dynasty is long term planning.   the legend goes it was weiss who first served stone crabs claws, now a delicacy on menus throughout florida.   the legend of making something else look like an apple product will last until eternity.   the legislation is being backed by the coeur d'alene tribe and lawmakers who felt like the information presented in -when instant racing was approved in idaho - didn't contain all the facts.   the legislative session ends monday and lawmakers have not eliminated the portion of state law passed in that required testing.   the legislature's annual session this year is the longest in state history at days because of republicans' deep divisions over raising taxes.   the lender is still reeling from the aftermath of the financial crisis.   the lenders want greece to save percent of gdp a year with the reform.   the lender tumbled percent in the past month through friday, as it sold new shares for less than market prices.   the length of time the guns and shells have been in the water has increased the likelihood that water penetrated fuses and saturated black gunpowder.   the lenses have only been trialled on a handful of humans to test for comfort, with the majority of research to date performed in the lab using a model chemical eye.   the leopard is made by krauss-maffei wegmann (kmw) and the puma by rheinmetall and kmw.   the leopards have a chance to do just that as banks county fields a starting five with a vast amount of varsity experience – four of whom started nearly every game last season.   " the lessons didn't take.   “the lessons we’ve learned from sydney and eden park we’ve already applied into our game and put them into practice,” he said.   the less said about that, the better.   the letter also asks vw to notify when it expects to update its vehicle documents with the correct carbon-dioxide emissions.   the letter also states that the school board will consult with parents, students and the school community council "regarding an additional event celebrating the grade graduation milestone."   the letter did not include a breakdown of how the initiatives would be paid for.   the letter is of particularly significance because it is signed by two senior members of the us senate and because mccain is chairman of the us senate armed services committee.   the letter was addressed to donna duvin, executive director of the dallas office, who told the associated press last week that her staff was prepared to receive refugees under current federal guidelines.   the lexus demo ride, on the other hand, was around google's headquarters in the streets of mountain view.   the liberal platform singles out rules that require claimants to accept work outside their home communities and at lower levels of pay, saying the party will scrap those.   "the libido in both men and women is very complex, and it's not going to be remedied with a pill."   the "lichtgrenze," a light installation marking the former location of the berlin wall, "proved hugely popular with visitors and gave us our best year in tourism yet," says burkhard kieker from the tourist company visitberlin.   the life-sized model weighs pounds and costs more than $,.   the lightning, on the other hand, have won the last five times the canadiens have visited.   the light pumps out the equivalent of a -watt halogen bulb, and the battery has a usb port for recharging your phone while you work.   the lights went out in st. john's and ron hynes is gone — but the lights came on again.   the likelihood of a near-term fed action is almost zero now," said thomas costerg, an economist at standard chartered bank in new york.   the line between negligence and fraud can be slender, but the fifty-two-page indictment of parnell and his associates left little room for debate over how much they knew about the contamination, when they knew it, and what they did to stop it—or didn’t.   the line highlights lifestyle, pop culture, and its influences on society today.   the line made me laugh out loud.   the link between gang members and international terrorism strengthened after al-qaida shifted tactics from large-scale attacks by well-trained terrorists to smaller strikes by homegrown militants, said frank jensen, former operative chief of pet.   "the liquidity squeeze is being used to push the greeks to very quickly start discussions on the review and finish that as soon as possible – not even waiting for the end of april," one euro zone official said.   the litigation now returns to a san francisco federal court for more proceedings on google's separate "fair use" defense.   the little-known fbn is in roughly three-quarters of the nation's television homes, often high up on the channel dial, and has never reached as many as million viewers for any of its telecasts.   the little ones can slide all day long while mature tobogganers can sneak into the warm-up area to dry off or call your partner to start dinner.   the lively artem dzyuba went close after forcing a good save from portugal goalkeeper rui patricio after minutes and, from the resulting corner, the towering zenit st petersburg forward’s header crashed off the crossbar.   the liverpool plains is often referred to as nsw's food bowl and is counted among the best agricultural land in australia because of its fertile black soils, temperate climate, good rainfall, and rich surface and underground water resources.   the livery cab driver was taken to another hospital with injuries to his arms and legs.   "the livingsmart program, which is designed to offer added value to the homes at verana, may provide homeowners with lower energy and water bills and greater indoor comfort," added ramirez.   the local cuban peso, which only locals use, has che's face on the three-dollar bill.   the local fire chief said further recovery efforts would be slow because of the potentially complex mix of chemicals at the site.   the local police department confiscated the original files as soon as the attackers' identities were revealed.   the local population, as was often the case throughout europe, was directly involved, either voluntarily or against their will.   "the local sun angle is coming up each day.   the logic of the anti-apathy crusaders is that the decisions made by elected officials on our behalf are so important, that all citizens should feel obliged to vote.   the london-based bank on tuesday reported a net loss of . billion pounds ($. billion), compared with million pounds in the same period a year earlier.   the lonely island hadn't planned on becoming stars on youtube when they made their earliest videos-instead, those were designed to get them on tv and lead to a sketch comedy show with a musical component.   the long-term strategy, launched a year ago, has yet to yield real dividends as u.s. output remains near all-time highs, though some cracks have emerged.   the longtime friendship between china and pakistan, rooted in a time when both countries were deeply mistrustful of india, has long made new delhi nervous.   the los angeles county coroner is conducting toxicology tests on shahlavi.   the los angeles county district attorney's office also will review the incident.   the loser was ken roberts (-), who was recalled friday from triple-a albuquerque.   the loss of the -times capped o'mahony, and probably o'connell too, leaves coach joe schmidt with problems.   the loss of the blimp has not weakened those defenses, miller said.   the lottery agency says ontarians currently spend up to $, a year gambling on grey market online sites that are not regulated in the province.   the louisiana state capitol has an observation deck on its th floor, feet above ground.   the lounge gives marijuana users a place other than "street corners and parks, which would offend prohibitionists," robillard said.   "the lounges have great food, wifi, magazines and newspapers, games rooms for kids, beauticians, showers and comfortable places to relax until your flight.   the louts notice augusta when she journeys out for medicine, and their nighttime siege of the three women dominates the film.   "the love he showed everyone is a reason to celebrate," said scott stevenson.   the lowest-paying majors, on the other hand, were all in education, arts and social work fields.   the low point of the homestand came when they were swept by the yankees in three games.   the low will be hitting –, with an extreme wind chill of –.   the loyalist advances were backed by warplanes from a saudi-led arab coalition that began a bombing campaign against the rebels in late march.   the lsz particularly notes the chief justice’s remarks on the performance of some the high court judges.   the lucy beale murder case is continuing to cause chaos in the square, and ian and jane remain determined for the truth about bobby’s guilt to remain private.   the lull gave santoso the chance to go back to school, though.   the luxembourg-registered company, part of the business empire of the french tycoon vincent bollore, is embroiled in a bitter feud with local landowners in the malen chiefdom where it has its palm oil plantations.   the luxury truck splurge inside amazon's first brick-and-mortar store how much has where american shop changed?   “the machine is at an angle, so the first part of the move went through dirt on the lower end of the machine,” wsdot spokeswoman laura newborn said in an email wednesday afternoon.   the magazine's editor-in-chief cevheri guven wrote on his twitter account that police had confiscated documents to build a case against the magazine for creating "terrorist propaganda."   “the magnificent creatures would bring untold revenue to taiwan’s tourism industry if they were allowed to breed in numbers in the sea near kenting,” sanlougkao said.   the magnitude of the impact would depend on the size of the increase in benefits and contributions, as well as the broader functioning of the economy, the department concluded.   the mainau declaration is seen as a call to arms ahead of this year's un conference skeptics and deniers this "vast majority" excludes at least one laureate who made his own headlines earlier in the week at the lindau meeting as a climate skeptic.   the main deal depends on the iaea being able to inspect iranian nuclear sites and on iran answering its questions about possible military aims of previous research.   the main event runs pm to midnight on aug. . report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   the main group behind the protests, "you stink," said people were arrested.   "the main rescue work was done by the mountain guides," she told cnn.   the main risk factor is overexposure to ultraviolet radiation, such as the uv rays coming from the sun and from tanning beds.   the main source of revenue for transportation is the trust fund, which comes mostly from the .-cents-a-gallon gasoline tax.   "the main thing is to remember those that made the supreme sacrifice," parkes said.   the main thing to know about scott walker is he will be the number one alternative to jeb bush and his big-government, establishment-republican donors during the primary season, and furthermore he is extremely tough and does not give up.   the majority of care is bought by councils, but the group said they do not pay enough for care firms to cope.   the majority of people traveling over the eastern two-thirds of the nation should not have snow and ice to contend with from monday through wednesday, next week.   the majority of reactions were very positive.   the majority of those republicans surveyed that wants trump to remain in the race includes numbers of those seen as the core of the gop primary electorate: % of white evangelicals, % of conservatives, and % of tea party supporters.   the majority of uk households are on adsl connections at percent, with percent on virgin media cable, and percent on fibre-to-the-cabinet.   the major limiting factor of ivf market is the cost involved in the treatment.   the major story of the day is "clearly the employment cost index and its impact on the dollar, gold oil and treasurys," said peter boockvar, chief market analyst at the lindsey group.   the maker of the galaxy-series handsets and tablets said third-quarter operating profit jumped percent to . trillion won, in line with its guidance.   the malaria parasite has developed resistance to successive treatments.   the malaysia airlines aircraft disappeared en route from kuala lumpur to beijing on march , last year.   the malaysian government says the gst will raise an estimated billion ringgit ($ billion) in add … it hopes to trim its fiscal deficit to . percent of gdp in , compared to . percent last year.   the maldivian democratic party said the protest will continue for hours.   the malt profile is very well rounded overall, and lends a silky texture to the beer that makes this one dangerously easy to drink.   the manager, cortez bryant, confirmed to tmz that the rapper is partnering to release new music with tidal, the streaming service partly owned by jay z. earlier this month, the "lollipop" rapper dropped his new single, "glory," via the streaming service.   the manager, meanwhile, has expressed his support for the fans who booed the champions league anthem before the win over sevilla.   the managers very helpful and very friendly the grapes work product of mexico broker promised to follow up with the situation and contact the supplier.   the man appeared in court this morning in weyburn facing numerous charges including impaired driving, assaulting a peace officer, and resisting arrest.   the mandela-like frank was a fighter, fiercely committed to saving endangered salmon runs for the nisqually people, and forcing the question of tribal treaty rights.   the man demanded more pictures from the girl and threatened to distribute her topless picture further if she didn't comply.   the man has never met putin personally, but his boss did once - back when east germany still existed, he told dw, while refusing to give his name.   the man is freshly shaven, having spent the previous night with his family in a hotel.   "the man just fired shots into the officers' direction with a long rifle," said montreal police const.   the man then fled as the woman called police, who arrived at her home in the block of ravenna boulevard and began searching the neighborhood.   the man tied the child's hands and feet with plastic bags and blindfolded him with a jacket, the sheriff's office said, before he drove the boy to his troy home.   the manufacturer, named after a knitting machine union, merged with volkswagen in the late s and, then later, with audi.   the man vaulted between two trains in an attempt to enter the protected zone for eurostar departures, but touched a live overhead wire.   the man was arrested and taken to the gander rcmp.   the man was arrested around : p.m. in the community of kinburn, in western ottawa.   the man was later transported to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.   the man was taken to hospital where he was treated for non-life threatening injuries.   the man was transported to jamaica hospital, where he was declared dead.   the man who stopped the chase was intially detained by police but later released.   the man who was injured, -year-old joe st. laurent, was a warehouse manager for the company the statement added the company is waiting for word from the fire department.   the maple leafs host the new york islanders on monday night, and horachek said kadri is available to play — "if i want him."   the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives.   the margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus . percentage points.   the maricopa county sheriff gave soft-spoken and terse answers in his second day on the witness stand in the hearing that could lead to fines, increased oversight of his agency and a possible criminal contempt hearing.   the marine corps has identified the four men killed in an attack on military facilities in tennessee.   the mariners signed o’malley to a minor-league deal and he was a non-roster invite to spring training.   the marines announced that they hope to have infantry paired up with the new amphibious combat vehicles (or acvs) by .   the maritime fun group, owners of the shining waters family fun park, has acquired some of crystal palace's attractions, which will be used in two new projects.   the market has tumbled from its early june peak, prompting a massive government intervention that included banning sales by large shareholders and a pledge by state-owned brokerages to buy stocks.   "the marketing with the grocery stores has shown that, that they really are wanting to promote and put it out there that these are great farms, these are great people, so it's going to be great as a whole, even organic and the whole local movement."   the market's employers are businesses that bargain as a group, the union said.   "the market views it as pretty dovish," brent schutte, market strategist at bmo global asset management, said of yellen's comments.   the markit/cips monthly purchasing managers' indexes have also pointed to a divergence between solid growth in the services sector and a wilting upturn among manufacturers.   the marriage issue has been extremely useful as a rallying tool but also extremely problematic, in that it was almost too successful.   the marriage produced two daughters but was rocky; richards filed a restraining order against him in and filed for divorce while pregnant with their second child.   the married professor — while admitting to having an affair — said that the student had initiated it.   the martin luther king jr. memorial opened to the public in .   the massacre has again trained a spotlight on the divisive issues of race relations and gun crime in the united states and reignited a debate over gun control in a country where the right to own firearms is constitutionally protected.   the mass fish die-off has sparked fresh fears about the safety of the water for competing athletes.   the massive wheels of the boeing -, a -passenger energy-efficient jet.   the mass location, at quito's bicentennial park, was appropriate given that ecuador was where the first cries of independence against spanish rule arose in latin america in .   the matchup between the teams was a great deal closer than 's - score in favor of piedmont, but knights coach lance fendley isn't one for moral victories.   "the materials placed in there are a springboard to move this country to a brighter future for all peoples."   the maunder minimum was named by solar astronomer john eddy in after e.w. maunder, an english scientist who, along with german scientist gustav spörer, first noticed the decrease in solar activity in the s, according to the new york times.   the mayor, who has a biracial son, has also offered qualified support for the wave of protests triggered late last year by the black men’s deaths in new york and missouri.   the meaning of the above paragraph would not change in the slightest degree if he had substituted a euphemism.   the measure heads to the senate.   the measure is . percent below a -year high touched in march.   the measure is the brainchild of billionaire paul allen, a microsoft co-founder, who has sunk millions of dollars of his own money into the campaign.   the measure must be signed by lexington mayor jim gray before it becomes law.   the measure's co-sponsor, democratic sen. brian hatfield, of raymond, said the state needs "a path to citizenship" for medical marijuana, and the measure would protect the nascent recreational industry already bringing jobs to rural parts of the state.   the measure should have no problem clearing the house in coming weeks, as it did in by a mostly party-line -.   the measure was sponsored by illinois house democrats' assistant majority leader, rep. elaine nekritz of buffalo grove.   the mecum auction company is the world leader of collector car, vintage and antique motorcycle, and road art sales, hosting auctions throughout the united states.   the media immediately latched on to the term "zombie economy."   the media park in hilversum, kilometers ( miles) east of amsterdam, is home to the nos and many other dutch broadcasters.   the mediterranean diet, which is rich in olive oil, has shown several positive health results, including keeping weight down, according to zinczenko.   the mediterranean has become the world's most deadly crossing point for migrants.   the medway queen, moored at pier approach road, gillingham.   the meeting in vienna will seek to close the gap between the us and its allies, who support the rebels, and the key foreign allies of the syrian government, russia and iran.   the meeting on feb. would come about seven weeks before a deadline in peace talks between colombia's government and the revolutionary armed forces of colombia, or farc.   the meeting, supervised by u.s. and chinese representatives, ended with both sides agreeing to meet again, the foreign ministry statement said.   the meeting was attended by defense minister khawaja asif, adviser to prime minister on national security and foreign affairs sartaj aziz, army chief general raheel sharif and air chief marshal sohail aman.   the melbourne-based masters of medleys perform a variety of themed parody mash-ups covering a plethora of musical hits from the beatles, beyoncé, crowded house, backstreet boys, spice girls and eminem through to classical pieces.   the melted water is often poured into nearby storm drains - preventing it from refreezing.   the members of the lord's resistance army (lra) have attacked villages, tortured civilians in northern uganda, and executed some , people since the rebellion began, according to estimates.   the memo from mccullough to congress, dated thursday, also said that his office had identified the accidental release of national security information during the process of reviewing clinton's emails and preparing them for release.   the memorial scholarship fund was established in in memory of jackie schmid, a well-known civic leader in cheektowaga who passed away in .   the men are believed to have been plotting attacks on famous landmarks.   the men are members of yangon’s white new blood lethwei fighters’ club.   the men drove through security tape and into the midst of an active bomb investigation, the post reported thursday.   the men were convicted on charges of violence, kidnapping and torture stemming from the killing of protesters during demonstrations in .   the men were in june convicted of reckless endangerment and other misdemeanors.   the men who do not prioritize their family, they are often in charge of the company,” says josh levs, the author of “all in,” a new book about improving father-friendly workplace policies.   the merged airline scrapped a seniority system that us airways had used to allot seats while cutting the number of free, one-way “buddy passes” that retirees receive each year, from two dozen to eight.   the merged company is expected to garner revenues of about $ billion from its eight brands, which according to kraft would make it the fifth largest food company in the world.   the merger follows first savings ceo fred schea's decision to retire last year; his departure left the bank's board members feeling it was "an opportune time to evaluate their alternatives," according to the bank's statement.   the mers outbreak remains largely confined to health care settings.   "the message is clear: this is a new front, a new battleground," eyal zisser of tel aviv university told afp.   the message that had consistently emanated from the president's palace was that a member of his own family should succeed him.   the message, which was posted in english and arabic, was forwarded to multiple isis-affiliated telegram channels, according to business insider.   the metal is also on track for its longest weekly losing streak since june.   "the meteorology forecast is much better because it has (more) science behind it than what the old farmer's almanac has," he said.   the metrojet flight, an airbus a-, crashed around minutes after takeoff from the sinai resort of sharm al-sheikh on oct. on a flight to st. petersburg.   the metro on rideau street will be open all day and night.   the mets stretched their lead to - in the fourth on michael conforto's run-scoring single and struck for four runs on three hits in the sixth to seal the victory, the big hit being a wright single to score two runs.   the mexican government department in charge of civil protection did, however, advise locals to follow recommendations if the ash spread.   the mexican way of death is unique, issuing from a symbiosis of indigenous beliefs and practices with catholic rituals.   the miami-dade office of property appraisal resolved this matter with birchfield by reinstating his homestead exemption tax protections and promising to refund the excess taxes that he has paid.   the microhyla nepenthicola, a newly discovered species of frog, lives in the jungle on the island of borneo in malaysia.   the middle east usually has two or three language programmes.   the middlesex fire department’s th annual fireman’s day was also held saturday with food sales, bounce houses, live music and other attractions.   the migrants are settling in, and a refugee camp is being set up, hamilton said.   "the mild air will peak this weekend, allowing for some record-high temperatures to be challenged," duffey said.   “the milestones have four levels, each defined as designations that shift the focus away from just test scores; instead, capturing the progression of students’ learning.”   the militants appear to have killed one of the two japanese hostages they have been holding.   the militants shot dead danny haran, , and battered his four-year-old daughter einat's skull with rifle butts.   the military had previously said that some remains had washed ashore wednesday.   the military has ruled pakistan for about half its history and retains power over foreign relations and security, even during civilian rule.   the military said pte.   the military said that those who had returned alive from donbas, were intimidated.   the military says the assailant fled the scene.   the military, then headed by sisi, in july overthrew egypt's elected islamist president mohamed morsi who hailed from the muslim brotherhood, a move which led to differences among gulf states.   the military under jonathan was heavily criticised for poor handling of the insurgency and its failure to free more than schoolgirls abducted from the northeastern town of chibok in april last year.   the mine collapsed a day earlier, and the miners ended up trapped , feet underground for more than two months.   the mines were safely difused.   the mini-libraries are basically a wooden or plastic box with a plexiglass door and a shelf of books.   the ministry and the distributor, central partnership, decided that it would be "inadmissible" to release the movie in russia in the run-up to celebrations marking the th anniversary of the victory over nazi germany, the ministry's statement said.   the ministry denounced the "tense" statement by egypt's representative to the arab league, saying it "confuses the need to combat terrorism (with)..   the ministry has gained more concessions from china this time around, minister of finance chang sheng-ford (張盛和) told a news conference in taipei after a hearing with trade groups, taxation academics and accountants on the proposed pact.   the ministry of business, innovation and employment said it does not expect to require any further funding to complete the project.   the ministry said in a statement that overseas direct investment (odi) from china grew by . percent to us$. billion in january-may.   the ministry said robots in the automated category were required to finish a series of tasks unassisted, while the remote- controlled robots were required to throw and catch a ball, as well as write.   the ministry said the average pm. reading in the beijing-hebei-tianjin region stood at micrograms per cubic meter last year.   the mirror has a dramatic picture on its front page of police arresting a suspect.   "the missiles shall rein (sic) upon they who claim alliance, watch your heads..   “the missile system is likely to be deployed on small and medium-sized naval vessels,” the institute’s yen shih-jui (嚴世銳) said.   the missing couple's dodge pickup had a bullet hole and traces of blood in it when found on aug. near a waste disposal business owned by jeffrey navin, prosecutors said.   the mission aims to answer fundamental questions about the ninth rock from the sun and will send back the first close-up pictures of our elusive neighbour.   the mission of laura's house is to change the social beliefs, attitudes and the behaviors that perpetuate domestic violence while creating a safe space to empower individuals and families affected by abuse.   the missouri senator wrote in a passage from her book "plenty ladylike" -- which was excerpted in politico this week --- sharing how she spent $, polling missouri republicans, and that staffers on the akin campaign spoke with mccaskill's pollster.   the model can facilitate dramatic improvements in efficiency and transparency across the industry, simmons believes: "this gives us the ability to better manage our resources.   the model's pose and the lighting effect drew attention to her rib cage, which was "visible and appeared prominent," the ruling found.   the mode:me, on the other hand, was designed for the urban commuter.   the "modern family" star is just one of many celebs who have graced springfield in bit parts over the years.   'the modern underground railroad': crossing seven countries and an ocean with syrian refugees journalists sophia jones and hiba dlewati walked thousands of miles with those seeking safe haven in western europe.   the moment people have placed their orders, he's got a fair idea how they're going to pay.   the money from acoa will allow the club to spend more money on programs directly for the youth, says summerside boys and girls club executive director adam binkley.   the money is set to pay teams back for releasing their players to take part in the next two world cups.   the money is to come from other accounts within the veterans affairs department budget.   "the money they've offered is really too little, too late," she said.   the money will be given to the international rescue committee and mercy corps.   the mongols have disbanded in eugene, according to police.   the monitors will begin collecting data in october.   the monroe county district attorney's office and pennsylvania state police are investigating the officer-involved shooting, state police said.   the monroe doctrine, as it became known, was long a bedrock concept in u.s. foreign policy.   the monsoon season will last until the end of september.   the mood is darkest of all in alaska, where oil revenues pay for percent of state spending.   the moon is waxing.   the moratorium remains in place, but both iceland and norway continue to hunt whales.   the more exposure this content gets, the wider the pool of potential converts.   the more time men spent exercising vigorously, the greater the reduction in their risk of dying.   the more women work, the less the stringent rules are being enforced.   "the more you refresh the temporary pools that the mosquitoes are breeding in, you get more mosquitoes, and with horse flies and deer flies, the more mucky their pond margins, the more larvae will survive."   the most affected regions are in sub-saharan africa, where economic development could help reduce poverty and improve health.   the most common age of death was between and years old.   the most common reason not to complain was feeling it would be "pointless".   the most credible advertising comes straight from the people we know and trust, so seeing a friend’s check-in on social media will raise awareness for your store.   the most expensive teenagers in world football £m (rising to £m) £m (rising to £m) £m (rising to £m) where is the money going?   the most extensive violations were found in oklahoma, where the fda listed separate positive tests for listeria found on equipment and in other locations in the plant from march through february .   the most important news items of the day were the condolence messages of china's leading politicians, including president xi jinping and prime minister li keqiang.   the most important thing is for you yourselves to make music!"   the most intense transmission in guinea is in forecariah district, amid reports of "high levels of community resistance to response measures" in the area that is close to the border with western sierra leone -- the worst ebola hotspot.   "the most intriguing was the meeting i had with vitaly churkin because i know this guy," ahtisaari recalled.   the most recent heat wave delivered on its promise of high temps by breaking records across southern california.   the most recent poll by ipsos reid suggested no significant change in support since a poll conducted in february, before the death of sgt. andrew doiron, and actually recorded an increase in support since it first polled on the topic in october.   the most romantic valentine's day oil paintings in the world photos . the grand canal of venice (blue venice), edouard manet, – this wonderful painting may be a popular valentine's day choice because so many lovers holiday in venice.   the most severe injuries were on the lower part of his right leg.   the most successful networkers are good at making other people feel special.   the most teenagers college as a stock of a new phase of life only nineteen year old lauren hill was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer.   the mother came home and told babler she was going to take her daughter to the hospital but babler told her not to.   the mother-of-two tweeted on friday morning: “today my son is . i’m glad he is not old enough to go on internet and find all the people threatening to rape me.”   the mother's ex-boyfriend is accused in the fatal shootings.   "the motivation isn't there, because it's been years.   the moto g's white face isn’t its best look, but the phone looks good from basically every other angle.   the mountain had been named in for william mckinley, who later became the nation's th president.   the mounties said this was "consistent with levels of the past decade."   the move by cruz allies is the latest shift in the strategy of the keep the promise super pacs to win over social conservatives that are key to the cruz coalition.   the move comes a day after petrobras ceo graca foster and five other executives resigned.   the move comes after opm revealed last month that it had discovered a cyberattack that compromised data for at least . million current and former federal employees.   the move comes after trump and ben carson threatened to pull out of the faceoff in boulder, colorado, if the hosts didn't agree to their demands.   the move comes just a month after wal-mart (wmt), the nation's largest retailer and industry standard-setter, announced it's raising the wage floor to $ an hour for , full-time and part-time associates across the country in april.   the move could give watch producers using android software another tool to draw consumers, as the smartwatches previously linked only to android phones.   the move firmly places the democratic presidential front-runner's crime policies closer to the administration of president barack obama than to that of her husband, former president bill clinton.   the move follows several steps pandora has taken recently to make amends with the music industry over contested rates it pays to play music.   the movement proclaims the humanity of black people without apology or exception.   the move put a big strain on the gambling giant's balance sheet at a time when it would have benefited from more financial flexibility.   the moves will be accompanied by a $. billion writedown in its struggling mobile phone division, which will be reorganized.   the movie is strangely forgettable, and even with someone as talented as hardy giving all he's got in a dual role there's frustratingly little to get excited about.   the movie room, which is based on a best-selling novel, won the people's choice award.   the "movie theater but for foodies" will be able to accommodate up to five pop-ups at any given time.   the movie won two oscars, for best song and best music, and remains a much-loved family classic more than years later.   the moving operation involves lifting the tower, about meters tall and weighing tons, with jacks and putting it on a flat trailer that runs on rails.   the mp said in particular of some prior arrangement, and even an agreement with the authorities of both countries that the water will be transferred via pumps.   the much more cost-effective, constitutional, and humane approach is to provide permanent housing to homeless people.   "the mujahideen are pursuing them," a twitter feed affiliated to the group reported.   the mukilteo school was locked down, and police conducted a room-by-room search of the building.   the multnomah education service district spokesperson told katu it is investigating these accusations and taking this matter seriously but the district would not comment on a personnel matter while investigating.   the mumbai attacks left people dead and were blamed on banned pakistani militant group lashkar-e-taiba (let).   the murders took place on a beach, in what is called "wilyat trabulus," or the "province of tripoli" in their version of the globe.   the murders were never carried out.   the murder weapon has not been found.   the muscle matrix solution is available with software.   the museum has no permanent collection or endowment.   the museum is known for its collection of ancient tunisian artifacts and mosaics and other treasures from classical rome and greece.   the museum says the goal is to develop children's social, cognitive and motor skills and help them make sense of the world around them.   the museum staff had to process fifteen boxes a day, cleaning, recording, cataloguing, and sorting the contents into three groups: display quality, study quality, and uninteresting.   the museum will open in time to celebrate canada's th birthday, highlighting the country's history of scientific and technological achievements, benay said.   the museum will screen all three films in the series as a part of an upcoming robert zemeckis retrospective, which is occurring years after the first back to the futrure was released.   the music (a prerecorded score by scott colburn and live music by ivory smith and niehoff) adds to the tension as it alternates between crashing electronics and melodic tunes.   the music industry flat-out sucks, and has sucked since the beginning.   the music video for the "baltimore" cover features archival footage of simone and activist angela davis expressing their thoughts on the black experience in america.   the mv leviathan ii was modified in and some have since questioned its stability despite transport canada assessments.   the mv miner ran aground on the scaterie island more than three years ago.   the nadeshiko, who along with brazil were the only teams to win all three group-stage games, advance to the quarterfinal against australia on saturday at edmonton's commonwealth stadium.   then again, a movement's only as powerful as the people listening.   then again, anyone dropping $, on a tv is probably already familiar with that sort of thing.   then again, it seems that history is repeating itself once again.   the nairobi-based carrier is losing money, selling older aircraft and working with afreximbank on a bailout.   the nalani, a -foot towing vessel, carried , gallons of diesel fuel.   the name isis hates to be called cnn crew forced to run amid isis rocket fire isis and the power of terror peter bergen is cnn's national security analyst, a vice president at new america and a professor of practice at arizona state university.   the name merges chi-town with iraq -- as if chicago sinks like the godforsaken iraq, a hopeless war zone to the world.   the name of a facebook page dedicated to that goal says it all: "eagles of death metal for no. ." there's also an equivalent twitter page.   the names and nationalities of the four soldiers have not been released.   the name was changed to dscovr and the instruments were refurbished so that it could take real-time measurements of solar wind and send data swiftly to earth.   the name was on the mail slot on the door.   then, a month later, apple will launch its next-generation iphone s and iphone s plus.   the nasdaq composite average fell to ,.   the nasdaq composite gave up . points, or . percent, to ,..   the nasdaq led the way.   then at : pm ( gmt) rivlin is to give the member of parliament selected to form the next parliament an invitation to do so.   the national association of home builders/wells fargo builder sentiment index released tuesday slipped to in february from in january.   the national association of realtors said on thursday its pending home sales index, based on contracts signed last month, increased . percent to ..   "the national defence council agreed to prolong the participation of (egyptian) troops engaged in a combat mission" in the gulf, the red sea and the bab al-mandab strait, a statement said.   the national foreclosure rate is up % from march and % from last april, which realtytrac attributes to the increase in repossessions, but the spike in repossessions in april is still % below its peak during the housing crisis.   the national geodetic survey and national park service revealed the survey results on president's day, which also celebrates washington's birthday.   the nationalities of the other victims were not immediately clear, but sousse — located around miles from the capital of tunis — is popular with european tourists.   the national rollout of fairlife over the next several weeks marks coca-cola's entry into the milk case in the u.s. and is one way the world's biggest beverage maker is diversifying its offerings as americans continue turning away from soft drinks.   the national's gross domestic product per person is the world's highest at $,.   the national transportation safety board announced on march the probable cause of the accident was trespassing by the film's crew.   the national transportation safety board will investigate the crash in a process that could take up to a year before a final report.   the national weather service has issued a flash flood watch through friday evening for a large swatch of eastern missouri, including st. louis and washington counties.   the national weather service has issued flash flood warnings for many coastal areas and tornado warnings for other areas.   the nation had its first college football playoff in -- and ohio state emerged the victor.   the nation's third-largest wireless carrier is losing the man who helped roll out its network vision plan to replace its existing g wireless network and lay the foundation for faster g service.   the nato member opened its incirlik airbase to us aircraft and joined the fight against the islamic state this summer.   the nato soldiers involved in the incident were american, according to afghan police, and had been leaving the venue to return to camp gamberi in east afghanistan where they were stationed.   the natural arch and bridge society, whose indiana jones-like members go hunting for these rock formations around the world, makes this distinction: a natural arch is made of rock, with a hole formed by natural forces, they say.   the naturalization process bogged down for several years as tanzanian politicians debated whether the new citizens would be allowed to stay on the land they had settled or would be required to move to other parts of the country.   the natural resources defense council called the settlement a "huge victory," but said it won’t end the advocacy group's fight to protect marine mammals from navy sonar.   the natural surroundings of the “rural” school might drive other would-be teachers away, but this environment has been her greatest inspiration.   "the nature of the job i do it doesn't work, because i start early and end very late, after the trains don't run anymore," she said.   the naval rapid reaction force in the black sea drills consists of a united states flagship, the guided missile cruiser uss vicksburg, and ships from the six other participating states.   the navy said tuesday that the men clambered up ropes to get on board the logistics ship karel doorman while it was moored in dakar, senegal, then hid in a life boat and other parts of the ship.   the navy times report said rumors have been circulating since may about plans to send a ship through china's claimed territorial waters.   the navy took them first to a receiving center on the island of lampedusa, and then they were moved to another center in sicily.   the nazis were quick adopters of the new technology, utilizing its potential for their propaganda regime.   the nba and fiba, basketball's world governing body, also will invite two players and one coach from cuba to participate in an upcoming basketball without borders camp for the first time.   the nbc/marist poll had the trash-talking billionaire with a seven point lead in new hampshire and just two points behind the leader in iowa, another closely watched early primary state.   then, be the answer to your own prayers.   then, clinton is at % support to sanders' % and biden's %.   then: clinton ridiculed president bush in , telling usa today that the "moneyed class" had reaped all the benefits of his economy.   then comes the "landing burn," when the landing gear legs also push out for a set-down.   the ndp highlighted details of issues for a number of schools in the prairie spirit school division, near saskatoon, where funding for emergency repairs appeared to have been denied.   the ndp plan to offer subsidized daycare at a cost of $ a day for parents would create jobs, cann said, and help many cardigan parents re-enter the workforce after having children.   the ndp's critic for the great lakes, brian masse, said canada should follow the example of other countries and eliminate microbeads from everyday consumer products altogether.   then, during post-production on the movie, she received more bad news.   "the necklace would get pulled by the weight of the stones and the structure.   the need for flexibility "the thing is, having some flexibility is huge," she said.   the need for security of the data and prevention of accidental or intentional manipulation of hardware means that data centers are placed in well-constructed, sturdy buildings that house servers, storage devices, cables, and a connection to the internet.   the needs are endless, but we always point them to jesus as the answer."   the neglected drop in gross planet product by peter a.g. van bergeijk, voxeu.   the negotiators must resolve a series of difficult technical issues, including the timetable for a lifting of international sanctions, by a june deadline.   the negotiators will take a break from the talks on sunday.   the neighbors across the florida straits renewed their diplomatic relations in july after a -year standoff, but the latest talks were the first on law enforcement.   the neoconservative cult was just forming then.   the netherlands has been charged with leading the investigation into the cause of the incident and identifying the victims of the flight from amsterdam to kuala lumpur.   the netherlands striker hasn't scored in league games.   "the net is wider the pipeline is expanding," he said.   the network of rostelecom armenia is solely based on fiber-optic cable (foc) infrastructure covering % of the territory of ra and spreading for over km.   the network was launched by tech companies including google and dropbox and is meant to help protect members against patent trolls.   the new airstrikes, combined with reports of continued fighting in other parts of the country, including the southern port city of aden, dampened hopes that the saudi announcement would quickly result in a broader cease-fire."   the new album will only have three songs, but it will contain over minutes of guaranteed pure damnation.   the new american standards for school lunches are giving kids in the united states a taste of the good life already experienced by school children around the world.   the new apple tv is expected to feature a live tv cable-like package, priced between $ and $ a month, according to the report.   the new apple tv with its siri remote for touch and voice interactions.   the new budget tablet will be available starting september , with an option to buy a "six pack" of the devices at $, with one free.   the new cans will be marked with the words "now aspartame free" above the pepsi circle logo.   the new chips are intel's sixth-generation core processors.   the new coins have the same denominations and value as us coins, but can only be used in zimbabwe.   the new england patriots quarterback sounded under the weather during his session with the media on wednesday.   the new envoy, michael ratney, who was appointed to his position last month, had previously worked for the state department in the middle east.   the newer hires display generally more positive attitudes, shaped by “a youthful mindset” and the absence of nostalgia for a vanished past.   the newest class of academy members is more diverse than ever before, isaacs said.   the newest show from cbc sports follows the world of high performance sports in all seasons.   the new firefighting resources come one day after the obama administration approved washington gov. jay inslee's request for a federal emergency declaration to help firefighting efforts in the eastern part of the state.   the new gas-fired engines could cover around percent of the tube's annual power needs.   the new generation will fix it if we don't."   the new greek government aims to fundamentally change the euro zone, establishing more mutualized debt and fewer german rules.   the new heating and cooling unit will be delivered soon and will be installed upon delivery.   the new jersey couple tied the knot on this island known for its sugar-white sandy beaches during the bahamas ministry of tourism’s “ weddings, islands, one priceless day” promotion.   the new job will likely be highly challenging to messina for a number of reasons.   the newly expanded at&t leapfrogs the biggest u.s. cable company comcast corp corp. the company said it would serve more than million customers in the united states, latin america and the caribbean, making it the world's biggest pay-tv company.   the newlyweds took a honeymoon in joshua tree, calif., over the weekend without any cell phone service, and when casale got back home monday morning, he found a media maelstrom.   the new marketing strategy around le sac may just crack that nut.   the new mini clubman's interior will be highly customizable.   the new planet is called kepler-b and it is percent larger in diameter than earth.   the new proposal means that ab inbev now has until october to make a more formal offer.   the new regulations will allow americans to visit the island for any of a dozen specific reasons, including family visits, education and religion, without first obtaining a special license from the u.s. government as was previously the case.   the new release suggested she may also face additional charges of failing to stop for the police, and breaking her probation conditions.   the news broke about twenty minutes later, and the subject of conversation on the house floor quickly changed from the bill under debate to meadows’s effort to overthrow boehner.   the new screens have already entered mass production to be used in lg's upcoming flagship smartphone scheduled to debut the end of the month.   the new site is fully accessible.   the newspaper cited an owner of an aerial photography company as saying that when he began his business three years ago, there were only about competitors in the local market.   the newspaper says louis c.k. is preparing for an upcoming project.   the newspoll was based on a telephone survey of , voters nationwide from thursday until sunday last week.   "the news spread through our house like a fire!   the news was confirmed via kim's blog with a post that read, "kim kardashian west and kanye west welcomed the arrival of their son this morning.   the news was first reported by entertainment weekly.   the new town administrator will start work on july . there will be opportunities for residents to meet him.   the new vaccine, however, saved percent of the mice treated on day six.   the new vulnerability in the bash shell is the worst we've seen in many years.   the new yorker offers a signature blend of news, culture, and the arts.   the new york post reported on thursday that the rangers were seeking a first-round pick for the unflappable, technically sound talbot, who has made nhl appearances but never been a full-time netminder.   the new york times does not provide star ratings with reviews.   the new york times first reported late thursday that inspectors general for the intelligence community and the state department have asked the justice department to launch a criminal investigation into clinton's possible mishandling of classified email.   the next best alternative was to drop in and help, she said.   the next big product development will be personalized tips that help you improve over time in baby steps.   the nextbook . doesn't have powerful hardware inside but the specifications aren't bad for the price.   the next chance of any wet weather will likely be tuesday.   the next day, he’ll hop one of those planes for a meeting in tegucigalpa with the president of honduras about a potential project.   the next-generation opteron will use "many" zen cpu cores and deliver "disruptive" memory and i/o bandwidth.   the next major milestone? million installs.   the next part of the show is a little more complex.   the next phase -- the operationalization of the agreement -- will begin once the domestic political processes of various parties have conclusively approved the agreement.   the next race takes place on february , in the plymbridge woods near plympton, devon.   "the next step will of course be interviews.   the next week, the detroit fbi office officially opened an investigation into the death, fbi spokeswoman jill washburn confirmed to cnn.   then, five lines of text are redacted.   the nfl announced a tougher personal conduct policy in august , three months after hardy's incident and following widespread criticism over its handling of the domestic case involving ray rice.   the nfl is the preeminent sports league in the u.s. but it is woefully behind the curve when it comes to marijuana and players are suffering as a result.   the nfl rule book says "it is the responsibility of the home team to furnish playable balls at all times."   the nfl says about % of the tickets that it sells in london are to brits, rather than ex-pat americans.   then four shots explode through the air.   "then, get into bed." . strike a pose, say a prayer yoga, meditation, even prayer are all helpful tactics to coax your mind to wind down.   then he accused fernandez of covering up tehran's involvement to sweeten a trade deal.   then he caught himself.   then he holds up a touchpad, his company's first tablet computer, which is powered by a qualcomm (qcom) chip and hp's in-house operating system, webos.   then, he paused and turned to matthew.   then he was told that it was going to be a sexual harassment case.   then he wrapped himself in a sheet, turned out the lights, and went back to georgetown to meet elizabeth, after “the rocky horror picture show.”   "the nhs is now judged to be the best health service in the world.   the night is filled with amazing discoveries and silly games that make the shadows a little less scary and the adventure a lot more fun.   then i like a little chaos, too,” she explains.   "then i met eric and he was always talking about the northern lights and about going to yellowknife.   then, in late september, tribune publishing cut its outlook for the year, citing lower expectations for revenue and delayed cost cuts, particularly in southern california.   then it became full steam ahead, i want to empower people."   "then it flew up to the rooftop, which was crazy — i didn't know they could fly."   then i told the delegation head, 'do what the secretary-general of the u.n. wants to do,'."   then it's a popemobile parade by the national mall and prayers with several hundred bishops at st. matthew's cathedral.   "then it started improving.   then it was just a matter of toggling between the two sources via the clearly labeled membrane remote.   then it won't just be a liberal issue."   then i watched another funnel descending from the clouds and touching down.   then kuhar, whose body has been a magnet for inside pitches all season, was hit by a pitch for the seventh time this year to force in a run.   the nld has made no official comment on the disaster.   then much well deserved celebrating: just in case you wondered how it feels to be one of the world's greatest apex predators..   the nominations reflect the steadily rising tide of cord-cutting networks.   then, on august last year, a dog walker discovered a man's corpse in the grounds of st margaret's church on north street, barking.   then, on oct. , the day after the cal game, less than hours after williams had last heard his grandmother calling his name over the phone, dodd died at a hospital in southern california.   the non-profit faith-based group started handing out christmas meals in and the project has evolved and grown immensely over the decades.   the nonprofit pacific institute estimates that surface area of the -square-mile lake will shrink square miles by , salinity will triple over years, and fish will disappear in seven years without intervention.   the nordic countries took the top five positions of the countries in the ranking.   the norm has changed to one or none," said joan kaufman, director of the columbia global centers east asia and a long-time expert on china's population planning.   the north american meat institute argued in a statement that “cancer is a complex disease not caused by single foods.”   the north denies abducting south koreans, but has allowed some individuals that seoul says were kidnapped to meet their relatives in reunions.   the northeast is urging drivers to stay off roads as the fourth storm in three weeks drops snow that, for boston, has exceeded inches in february alone.   the north's official kcna news agency said the u.s. citizen it named as sandra suh had "produced pictures and videos with an aversion to the republic under the disguise of 'humanitarianism' and used them" in a propaganda campaign against the country."   the notes will be guaranteed by mcgraw hill financial's subsidiary standard & poor's financial services llc.   the notice from the california air resources board came less than a week after state and federal regulators disclosed that volkswagen group automakers installed software to cheat emissions tests on more diesels than initially thought.   the notice says violators could be fined $, a day or $, for each acre-foot, enough to cover an acre of land a foot deep.   the notification specifically tells congressional members that the working group will start with the presumption that transgender persons can serve openly without an adverse impact on military effectiveness and readiness.   "the notion that somehow we would be fearful of them — that our politics would somehow lead us to turn our sights away from their plight — is not representative of the best of who we are."   the notorious predator known for a tattoo of a teardrop under his eye has been linked by dna to crimes and is suspected of across the los angeles area, the innocence project said.   then rules himself back in the most ruthlessly ambitious actor in british political life ruled himself out ever becoming prime minister on friday, insisting he had “no ambition” in that direction.   then she adds something else about the restless captain.   ’ then she had a flop with ‘‘pay it forward’’ and, as she recalls, ‘‘went to movie jail and stayed there for a long time, which hurt like hell.’   then, she set off for brown chapel ame, on the edge of selma's largest black housing project, to help out before the march.   then, six days after the arrests and four days after his re-election as fifa president, joseph blatter unexpectedly announced last tuesday that he was stepping down.   the nso added appropriate atmospherics and bombast throughout the set on moodier songs like "u" or the horn stabs in "blacker the berry."   then the fur is sucked onto a large revolving cone while hot water is sprayed onto it, binding the fibers together and making the felt one of the world’s strongest fabrics.   then the price of oil tanked, plummeting by half in late and reaching levels this year not seen since the financial crisis.   then there are the specialized studies.   then, there is a third group of people who have probably come back to europe with the mission of waging jihad in western societies.   then there is the ongoing threat from jihadists, both at home and across its borders - saudi arabia is sandwiched between the islamic state (is) group to the north and al-qaeda in yemen to the south.   then there's the fishing port of centuri, renowned for its lobsters.   then there's the sinking russian currency.   then there was the bursting of dot-com bubble, when the tech-heavy nasdaq lost two-thirds of its value between and .   then the screen was gently turned away.   then the white house claims greater deficit savings than it otherwise could if it played by the budget rules followed by the congressional budget office, whose estimates lawmakers have to follow.   then they found that most of the mortuaries were full as well.   then things started to get ugly.   then treasurer at the iaaf, he stepped down within days of the program airing.   the nude, painted in -, provoked a scandal at its first exhibition in paris.   the number is lowest in ohio, where just % of voters say they'd smoke pot if it were legal, while it's highest in florida, where % say the same.   the number of competitors grew by more than percent this year, even though the club made it tougher this year to qualify, requiring hopefuls to have a higher level of agility titles.   • the number of county employees has grown since , but in was not at the level it was in .   the number of enslaved fisherman found on the remote indonesian island has now reached nearly , after a fact-finding team returned on thursday, april , to make sure no one had been left behind.   the number of insolvencies would rise by percent in and again by an additional percent the following year, predicts ludovic subran, the chief economist for credit insurer euler hermes.   the number of marriages registered was , more than in , and , more than in , the report said.   the number of u.s. oil rigs actively pumping oil has decreased for seven straight weeks, according to baker hughes.   the numbers: total spending: $. billion spending that needs congress' annual approval: $. billion, or about percent more than last year.   the numbers will be unveiled on "meet the press" beginning at : am et.   the nurse performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation (cpr) on the student and was joined by the school’s principal and other teachers, who continued the emergency procedure until an ambulance arrived.   then we actually would sleep together.   then we got into some extreme cold after the holidays, - c for about two months," he said.   then we're so blinded by the need to not let the bad guys claim a victory that we refuse to air our dirty laundry in public.   then what is the state going to do?   then when it launches in april, you can use the htc themes app to start customizing straight from your phone.   then you get gradation, with the greens almost into a metallic blue."   the nypd’s compstat (complaint statistics) website reports that through may of this year there were shooting incidents, up from the previous year’s total of , an increase of . percent and . percent over a two-year period, or victims.   the obama administration had big plans to get politics out of the process, but like a lot of good intentions, well..   the obama administration has placed greater emphasis on family detention in recent months, in an apparent effort to signal that woman and children who cross illegally into the u.s. from central america will indeed be detained and deported.   the obama administration rejected the keystone xl pipeline, which was a symbolic boost for efforts to get the world off of dirty fuels like oil and coal.   the obamas were not in the white house when the incident occurred.   the observance ends next tuesday, the birthday in of florence nightingale, who established the world's first nursing school in england in the th century.   the observatory said nusra front fighters were killed in the fighting and the airstrikes.   the observatory said insurgents were destroying cigarettes and tobacco, which many islamists view as banned in islam.   the observatory said russian warplanes conducted at least airstrikes on the edge of the rebel-held town of talbiseh and nearby areas, killing people including six opposition fighters.   the obstacle isn’t their families’ ethnic differences, an inconvenient child, or disagreements about living space.   the octogenarian correia, a paigc stalwart who now becomes guinea-bissau's third prime minister in the span of five weeks, has already served three stints in the job between and .   the odd ball every over was letting us down when it came to building pressure," boult said.   the odd one out?   the odds of receiving that specific form of lca is rare; it affects one in one million children.   the offender was taken into custody a short distance without further incident.   the offense, however, has been sporadic.   the offense needs to come together by then, or the season may very well fall apart.   the offer was slender indeed — three years of a wage freeze, followed by two years of one per cent increases.   the office has two separate departments: one that pays providers directly, and one that pays victims.   the office of congressional ethics will not comment on the allegations.   the office of naval intelligence said in its april report on the people’s liberation army navy that china had started to deploy its newest missile, but did not give precise details on its range.   the office of the alberta energy regulator says its investigation into the latest bird deaths will look at the systems set up to keep wildlife away from the facility.   the officer fired eight shots at the man in the truck.   the officer in this image is certainly taking the "approachable" part of that sentiment to heart, but as for making roads safer, the jury is still out.   the officer involved and the teen are both white.   the officer, michael thomas slager, has been charged with murder.   the officer noted there were no marks on her person.   the officer said it feels like she is constantly living with the flu.   the officers were moved from the jail in marksville to a lockup in the central louisiana city of alexandria after monday's bond hearing, for reasons no one would explain, citing the gag order.   the officer then took the phone, which the couple’s daughter was holding.   the officer was hit in the upper body, the washington post reported.   the offices are located in omak, colville and castle rock.   the official added that authorities were "investigating claims that the turkish military engaged positions held by forces other than isis."   the official also seized on hillary clinton's recent slide in national polls.   the official called the north's request a "one-sided demand."   the official korea central news agency reported that kim made the comments as he toured the phyongchon revolutionary site, which marks the feats of his late father kim jong il and grandfather kim il sung.   the official lamented that drones are "still circling our skies every day" and the only relief from them came when weather conditions worsened and there was cloud cover.   the official languages act gives people the right to communicate with the government and receive services in their choice of english or french.   the official news agency telam, meanwhile, said investigators had found a third access to the home, a narrow passage holding air conditioning equipment that connects to a neighboring apartment occupied by an unidentified foreigner.   the official said iran was "not self-inspecting" but would not deny that iranian inspectors will "play a role" at the site.   the official said the defense ministry used to deploy guards and military police to guard the rear of the presidential office building.   the official shop that's part of the exhibit is taking orders for a , yen ($,) tote bag with murakami's skull design, complete with a certificate.   "the official spokesman would like to reassure citizens that the situation is fully under control, denying reports that there was an alleged coup attempt, or military clashes or external attack."   the officials refused to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the investigation.   the officials said the program is aimed at terrorism suspects deemed “high-value targets,” the washington post reports.   the officials say the identity of those killed has not yet been determined.   the official, who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media, said that the accident occurred near a mining site controlled by triple one jade mining at around a.m. on saturday.   the official, who spoke on condition she not be named because she wasn't authorized to speak publicly, said police arrested of the migrants.   the oilfield services giant revealed a plunge in quarterly profits as continued low global oil prices hit oil producers, which has led to a drop off in drilling activity.   the older and larger a fish is, the more mercury it has accumulated.   the old-fashioned word for the practice is "gleaning," which was even promoted as an early form of welfare system.   the old saying--a crisis is never a crisis until it is validated by disaster--has never been truer than in the mediterranean and other migration corridors in asia and the americas.   the oligarchs undoubtedly did this, but putin engaged in a fair amount of sales himself too while he was in st. petersburg.   the olympics for plumbers, plasterers and other skilled workers have we underestimated our ancestors?   the olympics hunker down in the distance.   the one-day big wave event was last held on oahu's north shore on dec. , , and has only been held a total of eight times in its history.   "the one that stands out the most is the one in at turnberry where i played with jack in the last two rounds and i prevailed by a shot," said watson.   the one thing hillary clinton can't live without?   the one thing that's critical though, is the context of this discussion.   the one thing they all have in common is an understanding and value of their own soft skills.   "the one thing we need to be very careful not to do, and i'm sure tony agrees with this, what we must not do is play into the hands of our enemies and seek to tag all muslims with responsibility for the crimes of a few," he said.   the one thing you need to watch out for here is that clutter doesn't draw attention to itself in any way, meaning it's not going to give you an occasional pop-up saying "you have emails in clutter waiting to be read."   the one-time costs were mostly related to the company's plans to close between and stores early next year.   the one who targets the republic, the republic will catch him, will be implacable."   the online black market was shutdown in october , when authorities seized the website and arrested ulbricht at a san francisco library.   the online giant has just invested $ million in the chinese smartphone manufacturer meizu.   the only difference is seven innings for the women, and nine for the men.   “the only ‘discussion’ would be if the members have specific questions of the presenter,” she added.   the only freedom we have left is to choose whose orders to follow.   the only other presidential candidate who might see the world as it is, is donald trump.   the only other significant contribution with the bat came from lahiru thirimanne, who scored a cavalier from balls before he was caught and bowled by tahir in the th over.   the only parts of julie’s body that were spared were covered by her two-piece swimsuit.   the only problem is that he plays alongside david silva, who is better and as a result nasri is usually stuck out wide which limits his effectiveness.   the only responsibility for ramona skatepark champions is to fund the building and maintenance of the park.   the only sound you hear is wind and ice.   "the only true sense of time that exists in food is the time it takes for something to cook."   "the only unfortunate thing is that a lot of the bones were broken but those have been repaired."   the only way i wouldn't feel as nervous was to scope every single day.   the only way that we can ever hope to achieve equality is if we are willing to sacrifice to achieve equality.   the only way to change the situation, she said, is for states that pursue anti-missile capabilities follow the "universal principle" of not trying to strengthen their security at the expense of the security of other states.   the only way to reset an unhappy career is to look deeply in yourself and figure out what motivates you and where you want to end up.   "the onus should be on the insurance companies," levasseur said.   the opcw has since found chlorine has been "systematically and repeatedly" used as a weapon, though it is not mandated to lay blame.   the open championship moves to unfamiliar turf for the first time since when it will be played at royal portrush in northern ireland.   the openings along the bottom are also plenty big enough to easily plug in your microusb cable or headphone jack.   the openrov sells for $.   the operations, they say, are worthless.   the operations will be carried out as part of the recently announced deployment of up to us military personnel to neighboring cameroon, officials said.   the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of dan rather.   the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.   "the opportunity in gaming video is enormous, and others have clearly taken notice," he said.   the opposition must oppose, as ambrose and raitt have done over the water-cooler brouhaha of the trudeaus’ taxpayer-paid nannies.   the optimism of many of them took me by surprise.   the options it generated for us were more clearly delineated than those we'd been given in the past by a private-sector insurance broker.   the order adds a review of government watch lists to the background check that public safety officers already perform on anyone seeking a connecticut gun permit.   the orders, which are currently being challenged in court, resulted in a political showdown with congressional republicans who said the president had overstepped his constitutional authority.   the oregon employment department said tuesday the uptick is not a surprise because oregon's unemployment rate has consistently gone up during summer months since the great recession.   the organizers announced corrections to a few typographical errors, and tellingly switched one last “should” for a “shall” before fabius swiftly brought the gavel down.   the original purpose was to protect freedom of religion - particularly for minority faith communities, according to daniel conkle, a law professor at indiana university.   the original rolling stone article re-ignited a national conversation about sexual assault on college campuses that has continued to grow since the center’s investigation into the topic six years ago.   the orioles managed nine hits but stranded , with jimmy paredes' rbi single in the fifth inning baltimore's lone hit in seven chances with runners in scoring position.   the orphanage specializes in neglected children and provides food, housing, clothes, and educational and religious instruction.   the other big gun in demer’s arsenal is the double whammy of amazon subscriptions and clickable coupons.   the other candidates fell somewhere in the middle.   "the other costs pressures are much more significant and they're private sector costs like the costs of drugs, like the costs of technology," she said.   the other has to do with the reproductive behavior of the particular species of mosquito, culex tarsalis, which carries west nile virus in the western united states.   the other high-profile event of , the disappearance of malaysia airlines flight mh on a flight from kuala lumpur to beijing on march , , with passengers and crew, has become one of the biggest mysteries in the history of aviation.   the other investigations are ongoing.   "the other lever we have to pull is borrowing, because we do need to have cash to run the day-to-day operations."   the other oil crisis: while many oil producing nations, including brazil, grapple with falling energy prices, brazil must confront a another debacle.   the other option is visiting an apple store during a downtime and hoping to get lucky.   the other phrase is a reference to the repeated line, "the owls are not what they seem."   the other policeman, who works in the st andrew south division, said: "a police mek dance gwan or mek it nuh gwan; i don't hold any big stick over the people, but they know i support them in anyway.   the other reason list makers may be successful at keeping a healthy weight is that the effort may "reflect a conscientious personality."   the other seldom spoken about cost of emv is the time lost on upgrading/training.   the other silver medalists were chang ming-huang (張銘煌) in the shot put, ted hooper (侯育伯) in the long jump and chen chieh (陳傑) in the men’s m hurdles.   the other three live in kenya.   the other two start a series with norfolk on friday.   the other was for best single ad idea, an ad for premier family eyecare.   the other was to take medicine that would damage the fetus and cause extensive bleeding.   the other would make the state a combatant against internet piracy of music and movies.   the outbreak started on jan. at a farm in da-lin township, chiayi county and killed , out of , birds, the taiwanese authorities said in a report to the paris-based oie.   the outbreak was first confirmed on may , but seems to have leveled off, the ministry said on friday.   the outdoor gear specialists explained: "there are times when you want to know exactly where your cash and other valuables are and times when you want to ensure no-one else does.   the outer canopy is part of eight layers of cladding comprised of , star-shaped pieces of aluminium and stainless steel, the largest of which measures metres in diameter and weighs . tonnes.   the outlet notes that this is the worst road accident in france since july, , when more than people, including dozens of children and teens, died when a bus crashed in the town of beaune.   the outreach is a new approach for hezbollah, which has generally preferred to keep coverage of its involvement in syria's conflict confined to its official media outlets.   the outside pool is a feature both in the daytime and also at night, when it is lit up.   "the overprescribing of these powerful drugs has created a national epidemic of abuse and overdose," adams said.   the overt iranian role and the prominence of shia militias in the campaign have raised fears of possible sectarian cleansing should tikrit, an overwhelmingly sunni city, fall to the government troops.   "the overwhelming majority of that group said, 'i believe you will fly, and i believe it's safe to fly, but i just don't know when and i want to do something else with that money," pomerantz said.   the overwhelming number of applications has led to lengthy backlog in the system.   the owner of a $, home in king county will pay an extra $ in property taxes this year for mfte, according to city officials.   •the owner of a business on east jones chapel road reported that several items have been taken from the business over the past several weeks.   the owner of the hotel told police they arrived in a gold-colored car, one similar to the description of tong's beige toyota camry.   "the p+ remains united on the subject of iran."   the pac- was next with .   the padres, by the way, still have never pitched a no-hitter.   the painstakingly restored painting is the centerpiece of the exhibition "rembrandt?   the painting, titled "congo belge ii," was made in the s and depicts a period in the history of the democratic republic of congo (drc) (previously know as zaire), a former belgian colony.   "the painting was revolutionary for a public accustomed to more formalised classical nudes.   the pair also unveiled the scottish business pledge which aims to promote "fairness, equality and sustainable economic growth".   the pair bought another building that housed a gourmet sandwich eatery and a local seattle landmark, a woman-friendly sex shop.   the pair first appeared onscreen together in the same scene in 's "heat," to much fanfare.   the pair reportedly split after farrow found out about allen's sexual relationship with one of her adopted daughters, whom allen married in .   the pair said the revisions were designed to address the concerns of home sharers, housing and tenant advocates, and the city's planning department.   the pair were media favorites.   the pair, who met on the set of "bull durham," have two sons but never married.   the palestinian authority said -year-old ahmed manasra was killed by israeli soldiers, but then the israelis released video of the arab boy -- very much alive -- recovering in hospital.   the palestinian decision to join the hague court came after the u.n. security council last month rejected setting a three-year deadline for an israeli withdrawal from palestinian-claimed lands.   the palestinian health ministry said that the assailants were mohammed sabaaneh, aged , and nur eddine sabaaneh, , from qabatia near jenin in the north of the israeli-occupied west bank.   the palestinians hope icc membership will pave the way for war crimes prosecutions against israeli officials for their actions in the occupied territories.   the panel opted for flüchtling because it represented the "dominant theme of the year."   the panel voted - against approving the drug.   the panthers (-) extended their regular-season win streak to games.   the panthers fall to - and look to improve their next week as they take on east hall at panther stadium.   the panthers were able to cut the lead to - on a glotta -pointer with : left in the game but that was as close as they would get.   the paper acknowledges that equality between the genders is the norm, but at the same time, traditional, rigid views of the church are still apparent.   the paper reported on a -week experiment which showed that inoculated animals thrived even after being injected with four times the dose needed to infect macaques in a "control" group.   the paper reports that tsinghua unigroup ltd., china's largest chip design company, has offered to pay $ billion for the boise-based chipmaker.   the parade is part of a series of high-level events organized to mark japan's defeat years ago.   the parade is viewed by up to million people, in addition to those watching on television.   the parent company of dapl, texas-based energy transfer partners, hopes the have the pipeline fully constructed and operational by the end of , according to the dapl website, daplpipelinefacts.   the parents of four tourists who died in the crash near fox glacier later wrote to new zealand prime minister john key urging him to improve safety measures in the industry.   the paris prosecutor said the mastermind, abdelhamid abaaoud, planned another imminent suicide attack in the city's main business district.   "the paris terrorist attacks have demonstrated that terrorists will pose as refugees to enter our land.   the park covers more than , hectares of forest on the west side of vancouver island.   the park is known as one of the best in terms of environmental sanitation and management.   the participants' ability to perform activities of daily living well, and their degree of depressive symptoms were also assessed.   the participants and the researchers were aware of their assigned treatment group.   the participants do group work, support each other, and practice the new behaviours between course sessions.   the participants will have their head movement tracked and represented within the virtual world, operating a simulated wd vehicle via the headwear.   the partnership began over five years ago.   "the partnership with the u.s. mission prevented the anti-israel majority at the u.n. from blocking the resolution," the israeli mission said in a press release.   the party atmosphere inside the stadium provided a stark contrast to the gloom and despair that has hung over the sport since fifa was rocked to its core by the arrest of seven senior officials as part of a probe into widespread financial wrongdoing.   the party got nearly four million votes at the general election, but returned only one mp - former conservative douglas carswell in the clacton constituency.   the party is also running ads across the playoffs.   the party said everyone who had not voted or said they did not have a ballot had received a final email reminder on tuesday.   the party was already split when some lawmakers reluctantly nominated corbyn for the leadership after facing what one senior labour member described as an awful selection of candidates.   "the pas rcmp sent me to the winnipeg police.   the passenger was released after being interviewed by deputies.   the past few weeks have shown that there is still too much confusion over what the gender pay gap even means, with many continuing to conflate it with equal pay.   the past few weeks we have battled with injuries to many key players and the guys that have filled in have done a heck of a job.”   “the past was the present at some point, and it was just as boring as the present.   the path leads to chengyun palace, the most imposing of jingjiang's buildings, which for centuries operated as its administrative center.   the patient should feel no pain, according to reports.   the patient was admitted to the same hospital as other laboratory-confirmed mers-cov cases during the days prior to the onset of symptoms; however, he had no direct contact with these cases.   the patient, who has comorbidities, tested positive for mers-cov on october.   the patriarchate's department of foreign church relations, which kirill ran, earned $ million from the sale of tobacco.   the patrol said in a news release that investigators found five rocks that tested positive for methamphetamine, a small amount of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and numerous handguns on the rapper's bus.   the pattern of assistance through institutions that the afghan state cannot sustain is not the product of mistaken models.   the payment was made by drawing on the country's foreign exchange reserves, which showed a balance of $. billion monday.   the pc giant is also refraining from taking the low-price road, with no system anywhere close to the $ price point that was expected for more windows computers than we've seen so far.   the peace negotiations were hosted by tanzanian president jakaya kikwete.   the pearland international festival is an annual event of pearland foundation for the performing and visual arts (pfpva).   the penguins are in a minor freefall lately, going -- in their past eight games.   the peninsula's pro-kremlin leadership denies a crackdown is underway.   the pentagon leadership was concerned that i was inadvertently encouraging the iraqis to move south into saudi arabia.   the pentagon plans to use the new survey going forward.   the pentagon this past week estimated that when iraqi troops abandoned ramadi, they left behind a half-dozen tanks, a similar number of artillery pieces, a larger number of armored personnel carriers and about wheeled vehicles like humvees.   "the people enjoyed the lakeside view."   "the people he has here are willing to go out and knock on doors, they adore him so much," fulton said.   the people in his taxi are a mixed bunch.   “the people of benghazi always wanted to be part of the international community,” the foreign ministry spokesman for libya’s internationally-recognized government salah belnaba said.   the people's bank of china slashed interest rates at the weekend to keep prices from weakening too quickly.   the people who get sick from listeria are often already weaker and more vulnerable to disease.   the people who run shelters and organizations that deal with problems like domestic violence and addictions will all testify that christmas can be pure hell for many people.   the people who went on the tele for labour don’t talk like me," he said.   the percentage of people in new orleans paying percent of their income for housing jumped from under percent in to over percent in .   the percentage of u.s. homes using their barbecue grill for a main meal in a typical two-week period slipped to percent last year from percent in , according to market researcher npd group.   the perfect storm of crises has in recent months brought to the surface divisions that have long been papered over in pursuit of a union of nations and million people, together the world's biggest economy.   the performance of midsized energy companies is represented by s&p midcap energy index, made up of firms with a top market value of $. billion.   the performance of phoenix nights live was cancelled after he fell to the floor during the opening night.   the performance won her an initial bump in her poll numbers, but her momentum soon faded and she's back near the bottom of the pack.   the perks they get in return for waving the black flag of isis include affiliation with the fastest-growing terrorist group on the planet and a bustling propaganda machine with a strong social media network.   the permafrost creates a natural refrigerator -- even if the power failed, the temperature inside would eventually stabilize at - degrees celsius (. degrees fahrenheit) -- low enough to keep the vault's precious contents safe for decades.   the permanent revolution eats its own.   the personal appeal is part of a larger public relations effort.   the personal care industry is searching for solutions.   the person probably won't get killed from the gun (pictured below).   "the pertussis vaccine is part of the routine childhood vaccine schedule, which is given at two months, four months, six months, and months old, at four to six years and again at to years of age."   the pga tour of china, set up with the help of the u.s. pga tour, was designed to increase playing opportunities and liang was sure the young domestic players would show their worth when a number of major events come to china over the coming months.   the phantom isn't just about the camera, the drone's been updated to include indoor positioning sensors (so if you film inside, it's less likely to crash) similar to what we saw in the inspire , and gps has been improved with support for glonass also.   the phenomenon is known as “rate lock,” and analysts said it could result in tight inventory for years to come.   the philippines cannot go up against a giant military power like china, but "it is important for us to have something legal in terms of a resolution".   the phillies have rookies on their active roster, tied for fourth most in the majors.   the phillies have internally discussed exposing asche to the outfield in the spring, but that decision hasn't been finalized, general manager ruben amaro jr. said.   "the phone doesn't work," he said of chafee's campaign.   the phone has four face buttons, two joysticks, a directional pad, a touch screen and — in a mark above the vita — four shoulder buttons.   the phones will officially hit retail and online markets this friday.   the photographer vahan stepanyan took , of these pictures for the installation "red hail" the photos are based on documents of the norwegian missionary bodil katharine biorn, who worked in armenia in an orphanage in .   the photograph was actually taken in a remote village in vietnam back in .   the photo has gone viral this weekend as netizens praise the officer’s extraordinary show of professionalism and grace under such trying circumstances.   the photo is captioned, simply, "i love you," in french.   the photo service had also labeled a white woman wearing face paint as "ape" and "animal," so flickr's algorithm does not appear to be taking a person's skin color into consideration when auto-tagging them.   the photoshopped images have been collected on imgur under the album title "create the duck state."   the picture generally for the european union is depressing, with france and italy both over percent.   the picture immediately sparked a gun debate on facebook from viewers of the tlc reality show.   the pictures showed a still very beautiful girl, but someone whose adjective was probably closer to 'cute' than 'hot'."   the pictures show large ice mountains, the tallest of which peaks at around , feet (, meters), almost as high as the canadian rocky mountains.   the picture that emerges is less that of a firebrand antiwar radical than a pragmatic liberal who regards military force as a second choice in almost any situation — but a choice that sometimes must be made.   the pilgrimage has experienced tragedy in the past, mainly from stampedes as pilgrims hurry to complete rituals before returning home.   the pilot killed in the crash was identified as patrick mahany, . he had been a pilot for flight for life since , and was a vietnam veteran who received the bronze star and purple heart, summit county government said in a news release.   the pistons never trailed again.   the pitcher dashed off the mound and into the dugout.   the place was gutted, and everything was destroyed.   the plaintiffs and edison both agreed that there is a duty to monitor, but they disagreed over what that entails.   the plaintiffs in the remaining four lawsuits that have been settled are unknown.   the plaintiffs originally filed the lawsuit in , claiming the defense department failed to consider the base construction's potential harm to the dugong.   the plan allows the first-term u.s. senator, who's running for re-election and making a likely bid for president, to get around a kentucky law that prohibits candidates from appearing on the same ballot twice.   the pla navy last month conducted live drills in the south china sea, where china has been asserting its claims to more than percent of one of the world’s busiest waterways.   the plane disappeared on march , , and the search for it has been ongoing since early .   the plan envisages gradually phasing out around . gigawatts of brown coal capacity and putting it on reserve for use only in emergencies, duin said.   the plane received a bomb threat while in mid-air, en route from toronto to saskatoon.   • the plane was flying at , feet when it disappeared from radar screens, the egyptian civil aviation ministry said.   the planned increases are implemented at a slower pace than a similar proposal made by mayor eric garcetti.   the plan now is to continue the growth and much of their revenue is reinvested in the business to make this happen.   the plan to spin off alibaba stake would have been far simpler, he added.   the plant's owners want the dumping to continue, say environmental groups.   the plan was implemented in , but terminated in , chen said.   the plaque was presented to mr martin bould, ceo of digicel group cayman and rahul nicholson-coe, chief operating officer of digicel cayman.   "the plastic cube just above your right eye allows you to interact with the device.   the players are mostly those who didn't quite make it.   the players come into the first-team squad from the b team and they are more developed and are slightly older around . "our boys here are playing in the third division.   “the players want to get home to their families.   the play opened in london in , transferred to the west end and won an olivier award for best comedy.   the plea agreement includes terms of thompson's cooperation with both the government and other "interested parties in connection with the matter," said thompson's attorney ben dusing.   the pleas in chicago federal court came one week after his cousin, jonas edmonds, , of aurora, pleaded guilty to similar charges.   the pledge comes before a summit in paris to strike a global deal on climate change.   the pledge included $ billion over four years (-) from the united states.   the plot: alex, a high school student, has been spending a lot of time partying with chris — and his girlfriend, kim, is not happy about it.   the plot gets tangled -- by fixing one thing, mcfly and doc br..   the plume ultimately emptied into lake powell in utah nine days after the spill.   the pnc bank in the block of east rd street was robbed wednesday afternoon.   the point is we believe that the biggest successes only happen when you put everything on the line.   "the points system is very complex and tedious," paddock said.   the poland family first spoke to cnn in april.   the police board ultimately discharged mcdermott in october.   the police department is sympathetic but at the same time asks the public to remain patient while we work with the hamilton county prosecutor’s office to properly adjudicate these matters."   the police released the statistics on monday as a reminder to the public to be cautious, particularly when the weather is cold and the temptation is there to warm up vehicles and leave them running and unattended.   "the policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the blackberry i carry around, all those records are available and archived," mr. obama said.   the politically disastrous decision to give prince philip the nation’s highest honor — knight of the order of australia, on australia day, has been cited as the beginning of the end for abbott.   the political, social and economic challenges are enormous, compounded by the fact that host nations themselves are currently grappling with waves of jihadist terrorism on their own territory.   the politician, who led the country from to , lost in the presidential election to socialist rival francois hollande.   the poll by the corporate research associates was conducted for the guardian between april and , interviewing prince edward islanders over the telephone.   the poll came ahead of an industry report on stockpiles due at : p.m. edt ( gmt) from the american petroleum institute (api).   the poll found no surge in support for same-sex marriage since the court's ruling june . if anything, support was down slightly since april, when percent said they were in favor in another ap-gfk survey.   the poll put uk independence party unchanged at percent, the liberal democrats at percent, up points, and the greens unchanged at percent, the newspaper said.   the polls differ on third place, however.   the poll was billed as a reflection of the country's political climate after last month's terror attacks in paris.   the polymer tube released a compound called gaba, which is a neurotransmitter that suppresses nerve function.   the pond is about the length of a football field.   the pontiff allowed several acolytes on the tarmac to take selfies with him.   the pontiff spoke on his flight from cuba to the u.s., where he will visit a prison later this week.   the pope's tour, which also took him to sri lanka, was his second trip to asia in five months, in a nod to the region's growing importance for the church as it faces declining support in europe and the united states.   the pope will stop in cuba in september for a visit, part of a pilgrimage that will then take him to washington, philadelphia and new york.   the popularity of poroshenko's government has plunged as utility bills soar and other belt-tightening measures bite under the terms of an austerity pledge kiev gave to world donors in return for $ billion ( billion euro) in help.   “the population is exploding — restaurants, the orchestra, the ballet, the stadiums — most all of it walkable.”   the population swelled, and the housing market spun out of control.   the portion of the suit against ayers was not dismissed.   the portrait's first owner was henri matisse, who paid francs for it in .   the positions taken this past week raise pressure on tsipras to abandon the rhetoric that got him elected.   the positive partner was fully suppressed on treatment, and the couples were having unprotected sexual intercourse.   the positive train control system has garnered plenty of attention after officials determined it was not installed on the philadelphia railway where amtrak regional hurled off the tracks tuesday night..   the possible tie between one of the paris attackers and the refugees from the syrian war flocking to europe this year has intensified concerns about how to handle the influx of people.   the post- paris agreement ends decades-long rows between rich and poor nations over how to carry out what will be a multi-trillion-dollar campaign to cap global warming and cope with the impact of a shifting climate.   the post also said it has submitted new information about rezaian to a u.n. working group on arbitrary detention.   the postmaster cancels outgoing mail with a stamp of the starship enterprise, while star trek-themed hotel rooms are booked solid during an annual spock days festival.   "the post-sleep boost in memory accessibility may indicate that some memories are sharpened overnight.   the post stocks end two-month rebound on fed fears appeared first on investorplace.   the potential juror excuses are treated with heavy scrutiny.   the powerful blast in northern cairo’s shubra district came in the middle of the night, a journalist said.   the powerful love of a mother – and it was the little milestones that would bring tears of joy to her eyes.   the power of poutine new york is the only u.s. city to make the top . not all big cities have a handle on safety though, with plenty sliding down to the other end of the scale.   the power of yoga as a major and long-lasting prop to the desire of people to live forever, or at least until , and look good doing it," cramer said.   the power outages also affected the sporadic water supply in karachi, where those who can afford it rely on tankers of water being delivered to their homes.   the power/pairing slider button is on the edge of the right earcup as well, positioned at the back so that you can easily flip the switch with your thumb.   the powers hope that this will make it virtually impossible for iran to make nuclear weapons under the guise of its civilian programme and end a crisis raging for years.   the pp took just percent of sunday's overall vote, which covered , town halls and regional parliaments.   "the practice of law is a privilege.   the preliminary investigation does not point to a hate crime, he said.   the premiere of the single's music video opened the billboard awards, so it's kind of a big deal.   the premier was responding to the release of a report from the truth and reconciliation commission, which looked into the legacy of residential schools in canada.   the presentation explores issues that affect the ability of it and the cio to drive greater value in relationships with other parts of the company.   the present from bolivia was unveiled behind argentina's presidential palace.   the present status quo will kill ukraine.   the president also said that congress would be able to review the details of the deal and warned them to consider the alternative to negotiating with iran.   the president and his wife, michelle, also have prominently showcased such r&b and soul talent as patti labelle and b.b. king during state dinners, music history events and the annual easter egg roll.   the president argued on friday that workers in countries like vietnam would fare better under the trade accord.   "the president believes we should end the era of manufactured crises and mindless austerity," the white house said in a statement.   the president congratulated "the lady," as she is popularly known, for leading her party to victory.   the president got acquainted with the construction works and the conditions created at the sports base, provided for more than athletes in the area of about square meters.   "the president has made great strides in protecting the arctic, but we are really disappointed with this decision," said nicole whittington-evans, alaska director for the wilderness society.   the president made six points and republicans rejected most.   the president of the cahors blues festival, where rammant was a volunteer for many years, told the associated press that rammant died while shielding his wife, marie do, who survived.   the president of the european parliament, martin schulz, on tuesday welcomed the planned participation of a number of eu nations in a new china-based development bank for asia, the asia infrastructure investment bank (aiib).   the president of the lansdowne market said in june that some vendors pulled out due to lower than expected foot traffic.   the president said he's dispatching defense secretary ash carter to the middle east monday afternoon, with a first stop in turkey to discuss the fight against isis.   the president said that what civil rights marchers did years ago "will reverberate through the ages.   the president's chief secretary "has prohibited the printing of christmas and new year cards at the government's expense," the presidency said in a statement.   the president's move followed congressional orders to lower flags at the u.s. capitol.   the president’s overthrow triggered a government crackdown on his muslim brotherhood movement.   "the president speaking like this, to the point of criticizing our government, may wear out the government."   the president’s speech ended shortly before : p.m. with an exhortation to the crowd to fight for democratic values and for murray’s re-election.   "the president's unlawful amnesty provides work permits, medicare, social security, and free tax credits to million people illegally present in the united states - taking jobs and benefits directly from struggling americans," he said.   the president visited the families of three people killed tuesday, the second day of demonstrations against the un in gao, as well as wounded protesters being treated in hospital.   "the president wants to blame an inanimate object — the gun," the organization said in a statement.   the press office of the bank has told arminfo that the new product is gold-secured lombard loans for - months at % interest rate.   the pressure cued more strange behavior.   the previous owner had charged cars a small fee to use the road to the beach, which is bordered by cliffs and features seals bobbing in the surf.   the previous year, the year of the horse, is generally considered to be an auspicious time — never mind that asian airlines had a string of high-profile disasters.   the price fell as low as $., the first time it's gone below $ in more than five years.   the pri, green party and panal did well in the election for the seats awarded by relative majority, according to the ine estimate.   the primary aromas are of saltwater and yeast with gentle grassy, lemon flavors that spread across the palate.   the primary issue was one of atmosphere: piëch felt like he wasn't being sufficiently included in decision-making.   the primary reason for this is that we're doing too much shifting and not enough elevating.   the prime minister is expected to call a vote by next october’s fixed election date, and his every appearance now appears groomed to that goal.   the prince suggested the slow speed with which they were being replaced arose out of pressure on the defence budget.   the prince, who is the vice patron of the welsh rugby union, was in cardiff on thursday to watch his beloved wales take another giant step towards the quarterfinals with a - win over fiji in cardiff.   the prison commissary fund picks up the other $ cost.   the prisoner on the other side of the table is said to be an emir, an officer in the army of the "islamic state" captured during fighting near the city of tal afar.   the private rented sector is housing more and more people that it wasn't designed to cater for - individuals and families who might ordinarily have been in social housing or supported housing.   the private units are small, but they are complemented by various shared living areas, semi-public balconies, an exhibition space and a café.   the prize organizers – including cbc books - also revealed the five contenders for the corresponding french language prize, the prix de poesie.   the probe is a response to a petition signed and submitted by district residents who cited cain's alleged chronic absence from town council meetings.   the probe will continue beaming data home for a year or more after the close encounter, and mission team members have proposed sending new horizons on to study another object in the kuiper belt, the ring of objects beyond neptune's orbit.   the problem in canada, he says, is that we’re moving to a rip-and-ship philosophy.   the problem is it is an all cash business because the feds consider marijuana money bad news.   the problem is, of course, that christmas is never the cause of domestic violence, it is a combination of elements that build up to form one catastrophic trigger for abusers.   the problem is particularly acute in the u.s.: between and , real average household disposable income at the top percent rose . percent, while in the bottom percent it fell . percent, the oecd said.   the problem is that when in the midst of being upset, no one thinks their feelings are unjustified, and thus they feel unheard and put down.   the problem is, the order is delayed.   "the problem is, there's a whole host of specimens that are in the middle — and somewhere you get into a range where we just don't know," he added.   the problem is you stay under the shower for five times as long, you end up wasting more water than you would've the other way."   the problems facing bethlehem are but a microcosm of those facing palestinians in the west bank as a whole.   the problem was (and still is) that microsoft office tools were not meant for product management.   the problem with the un is not "council deadlock" or "absence of political will."   the problem with this strategy is twofold.   the problem with trying to lose weight through dieting is that it is hard for people to stick to a diet for a long time, newman said, and that's why developing a pill for obesity would be helpful for weight loss.   the procession of food trucks that worked the crowds over the last three years were ousted last week, a point that led to grumbling among their ranks in this feature today on the billy penn site.   the process of finding “death qualified” jurors slowed down jury selection.   the product is used in plastic drinking bottles and in the lining of some canned food containers, among other purposes.   the product of a young man by the name of suchao prowphong, this pc case was built from scratch as an homage to the recent thor movies and to serve as a powerful piece of art.   the program aims to train a total of afghan pilots and afghan maintenance personnel during a four-year period, moody air force base said in an august release when the program was announced.   the program allows analysts to selectively pick out usernames and passwords, browser history, emails sent and received, social media data, and even locations and detect whether or not a computer is vulnerable to certain kinds of malware or other threats.   the program identifies patients with high blood pressure and offers them help with managing it.   the program is a servant leadership incubator sowing seeds for two generations—the children served and the “servant leaders” who teach and serve them.   the program is available in eight new cities, including atlanta, nashville and charlotte.   the programme will be run by peace corps volunteers in countries and promote girls' education.   the project has not been without its setbacks though.   the project's maze of serpentine, run-down buildings housing , people gives gangs plenty of cover to mount ambushes against officers with pump-action shotguns and gasoline bombs.   the project was first discussed in and the build took three and a half years.   the project was unveiled in november and will run for five years.   the project would reuse a -year-old natural gas pipeline that runs by shoal lake — where winnipeg gets its drinking water — near the manitoba-ontario border.   "the promoter is deeply concerned and is recommending that the show be cancelled," reads the minutes of that meeting.   the proof is right there!   the proof is they did not put any dates in those emails," bergen said.   “the property chill has increasingly spread from greater taipei to taoyuan and taichung,” hua said.   the property sits opposite the entrance to popular fallsview park.   the proposal by interior minister thomas de maiziere appeared to catch at least part of chancellor angela merkel's governing coalition by surprise and created new confusion over the government's crisis response.   the proposal comes almost a week after pro-mayor muriel bowser freshpac disclosed that it has raised more than $, for a reelection bid.   the proposal from above proposals follow an art deco style however, according to the application, that option is no longer possible - and the building will need complete replacement.   the proposal has supporters among provincial scholars of tourism, who say that guilin and yangshuo and their two rivers should be regarded as equals.   the proposal to remove the eastern cougar from the endangered species list is now available for public inspection.   the proposal to scrap gcses comes as ministers are pushing for an even greater emphasis on academic gcses, with plans for all pupils to have to take core academic subjects.   the proposal, which proponents say would help bridge that digital divide for millions of americans who are unable to afford internet service, requires a vote by the full commission before it becomes part of lifeline.   the proposal would not affect the overall amount of grant money available.   the proposed deal comes as a judge considers a verdict in a separate civil action from the men seeking to have their convictions overturned.   the proposed elimination of the city’s cable franchise districts is part of a package of cable code amendments that murray’s department of information technology (doit) has sent the council.   the proposed new laws "would provide a new legal framework for britain's gchq and other intelligence agencies to crack the communications of terror suspects if there was specific intelligence of an imminent attack", the paper says.   "the proposed regulations will result in critical safety improvements, and we hope they will spark a robust dialogue moving forward about pipeline safety in the united states," dominguez said.   the prosavana project, which emerged from a cooperation pact with brazil and japan, concerns million hectares or just over a quarter of mozambique’s arable land.   the prosecution is likely to unfold as former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton pursues her democratic presidential bid and as a special house committee seeks answers about the attack.   the prosecution said a grand jury would consider whether to bring formal felony murder or other charges against him.   the prosecutor says canoy also agreed to waive his right to appeal or protest the sentence.   the prosecutor’s office has a separate inquiry involving the interior ministry, which is supposed to determine whether a criminal act took place.   the prospect for doing harm is there.   the prosthetic is made of plastic, covered with nail polish and sealed with a special polymer made from the castor oil plant.   the protesters also want the ivy league university to institute cultural competency training for staff and faculty, and add a cultural space on campus dedicated to black students.   the protesters, mostly members of the solidarity party of afghanistan and women activists, staged monday's protest outside of the same shrine where farkhunda malikzada was killed by mob.   the protesters said the firm had ignored public opinion and the work would threaten marine life.   the protests led to the fall of the left front state government of west bengal in after years in power.   the protocol was implemented by high-resolution ultrasound video-clips showing in real-time the pulsation, or throbbing, of the carotids and jugulars, synchronized with electrical activity of the heart as illustrated in an electrocardiogram.   the province also is headed toward negotiations with nova scotia doctors.   "the province's labour market landscape has changed dramatically and more than ever before, employers are challenged to find the skilled workers they need for hard-to-fill positions."   the province's ministry of labour is investigating.   the province will spend an extra $ million a year to pay for about , patients annually to have one cycle each of in-vitro, says the powerpoint slide deck.   the provincial government has asked that the number be increased.   the provincial government is currently sitting on a private-members bill that would allow local, small-scale artisans to sell their products to customers in their own distilleries.   the provincial government issued a similar statement saying it will defend nova scotia's interests in the case.   "the psychology behind that is women by nature tend to be long-term planners."   the psychology of it is simple to understand: happy endings matter.   the public is always looking for good stories, captivating images and characters they can connect with.   the public sessions wrap up wednesday afternoon.   the publisher told the associated press on thursday that the book is currently untitled with a planned mid- release.   the purple orchid is located at richmond street in el segundo photo courtesy of tiki no this is part of the crop of new-school tiki bars that have popped up recently.   the purpod has been designed to look different from other coffee pods, so it cannot be confused with non-compostable products, he said.   the push to expand infrastructure financing by asians for asia signals a shift for the region, which in decades past relied more heavily on the world bank and other u.s.-dominated global institutions.   the putinist "night wolves" biker gang has come a milestone closer on a ,-kilometer (,-mile) "victory tour" from moscow to berlin to celebrate the th anniversary of the soviet union's world war two victory over nazi germany.   the quake also reportedly caused a landslide near pakistan's hunza river.   the quake was felt as far away as india's capital, new delhi, where buildings swayed more more than a minute and people ran into the streets, reuters reports.   the queen doesn't run britain before we get on to the candidates, let's dispel one common misconception.   the queen in germany queen elizabeth has visited germany seven times during her reign.   the queen's speech is the centerpiece of the ceremonial state opening of parliament and follows the may election that gave britain its first all-conservative government since .   “the question is, where does it stop?”   the question is whether the archives should be opened up completely, skeletons and all.   the questions and comments the alexanders have heard from family and strangers alike are seemingly endless.   the rabbi has spent the past decade targeting muslims and jews and doing what he says the state has failed to do: promoting dialogue.   "the race is on.   the race stock got off to a strong start on its first day of trading, ending firmly above the opening price and raising nearly $ billion.   "the racial inequality that was here in this province and part of the nation for a long time, to see that peoples' hearts are turning and are really recognizing that it's not the language or the country you come from, but who you are."   the racing course was hosted by road atlanta and put on by nasa southeast.   the ragù floods a stecca that has been heated in the oven, smeared with fresh ricotta and crowned with crisp fried herbs.   the raid comes as a nearly two month-long outburst of israeli-palestinian violence shows no signs of abating.   the raiders then pulled away with three more in the fourth inning to increase the lead to -.   the raiders won just seven games his first two seasons before being competitive this season with a - mark heading into the final two games.   the raids came on the same day that barrel bombs dropped by president bashar al-assad's helicopters killed more than civilians, including children, in the northern province of aleppo.   the raises in the tentative agreement were lower than the percent the union had proposed over three years at one point, and less than the . over two years it had asked for sunday.   the rally initially was organized by a phoenix man who says he is a former marine who fought in the iraq war and believes islam is a violent religion.   the rally's website says in , digby's population grew by around , for the event.   the rampage killed a police officer, garrett swasey, , and two civilians, jennifer markovsky, , a mother of two who was at the clinic supporting a friend, and ke'arre marcell stewart, , an iraq war veteran and father of two.   the ramp from ste-anne-de-bellevue boulevard to highway west will be open.   the rand corporation report, released on thursday, highlights the challenges facing the department in winnowing down a huge pool of applicants in ways that are fair and cost-effective, a problem other urban u.s. fire departments also encounter.   the random costs come from every direction.   the rangers also had two one-goal outcomes at the end of the stanley cup finals loss to los angeles; the straight is a record.   the rangers recalled -year-old mackenzie skapski from hartford of the ahl to be on the bench.   the rangers who were employed to monitor the animals needed a place to stay, so this little house was built.   therapists can be trained online to deliver cbt-e, which helps patients to be treated quickly.   the rapper has had trouble with fans getting on stage before, a rep told billboard.   the raptors led by as many as points in the latter stages of the third quarter before the bucks cut it to four when giannis antetokounmpo hit a jumper with minutes, seconds to go.   the rare cars that time forgot photos the cars that time forgot – this hispano suiza hb cabriolet had begun to collapse under the weight of the years.   the rate increase would then only affect any future borrowing. . charging to your credit cards most interest rates on credit cards are variable and are often tied to the prime rate, just like helocs.   the rate of using butter on bread fell from percent to less than percent and one-third of the population began to drink skim or percent milk, up from zero at the outset.   the ratings rely on centers for medicare & medicaid services data for patients and older, as well as data from the american hospital association annual survey and clinical registry data from the society of thoracic surgeons.   the ratio was down from . months in february.   the rays beat cleveland -.   the rbs were able to replace the injured jeremiah johnson with an even better running back in william powell.   the rcmp said that at : a.m., at least two two men broke the lock on the front entrance of the rental hutch and went inside.   the rcmp, who closed the highway for several hours, believe alcohol played a role and are reminding people not to drink and drive.   there, abu bakr al-baghdadi met the men who would years later become the branches of isis's senior leadership.   the reaction of the leagues the premier league: "clubs are working hard to keep grounds as full as possible, with the past two seasons showing they are doing a good job with record occupancy at %.   the readings are being webcast live and broadcast on national tv and radio, with nighttime intermissions.   the reading was the highest since july, and falling to the lowest level since june.   the real estate magnate spoke at a reception in bedford shortly before christie's town hall event tuesday evening.   the realities and the steps toward conversation . privilege is real.   the reality is that much of job growth is out of the hands of the president or even congress.   the reality is that the change is slow, marked by international agreements inching forward due to the various geopolitical tensions — but without international agreements on these critical environmental issues, it seems we will never get anywhere.   "the reality is, we cannot afford to go towards socialism," he told fox.   the real risk of a falling stock market underlies the financial fragility of the chinese economy.   there are , parcels of personal property listed this year, up from , last year and the real property count is ,, down slightly from the , last year.   there are , to , cases per year worldwide, with per cent of those in china.   “there are to dogs around in cages, and you just have to spot that instant connection or love-at-first-sight feeling,” curry says.   there are about gene mutations linked to pancreatic cancer.   there are about french soldiers stationed in burkina faso as part of operation barkhane, a counter-terrorism mission launched in august and covering five regional countries spanning from mali to chad.   there are a few reasons why the stock may be suffering in the fact of a strong “star wars” performance: ) this old wall street adage: “buy the rumor, sell the news.”   there are a lot of annoying facebookers out there, so which one is your pet peeve?   there are already pictures of scantily clad women everywhere you flippin' well look.   there are also a couple weak disturbances expected to move across the area over the weekend that could produce one or two isolated showers, and may justify having an umbrella handy for the weekend.   there are also reports that headbands, which look not unlike sweatbands, can reduce the risk of concussions, but the data so far are not convincing, fields said.   there are also two computers on board the robot, buchli told reuters.   "there are always challenges as you go but it's been a complete kick to put this together."   “there are always fights on bike nights, so we expected the usual,” commented sara, a waitress who according to her facebook page is also a college student and mother.   there are amazing people around the world, intellectuals, professionals, people that do not have ulterior motives.   there are another , applicants who have still to get a place.   there are a number of tools and websites for turning movie files into gifs.   there are approximately million devices running windows , according to microsoft's estimates.   there are a series of connections between members of the development team and bowser’s campaign, and critics, such as neighborhood activist eugene puryear, say that those connections have stood in the way of city action.   "there are assets that are there, and the idea is for them to be developed in accordance with the planned use.   "there are casualties among the individuals, ammunition and the communication centres belonging to them," saqer al-joroushi said on egyptian state television.   there are concerns about danger, sure, but also cost, after climbers lost all that money over two seasons,” he said.   there are concerns on the indian side about the massive trade deficit of over $ billion the country has with its northern neighbor.   "there are costs, in other words, of not providing transition-related care."   "there are countless tales of celebrities, music stars, and wealthy socialites in the s willingly using quaaludes for recreational purposes and during consensual sex," the lawyers wrote in the filing.   "there are creepers everywhere," he said.   there are currently cameras in the network monitored by the police department's cctv unit, in addition to the recently deployed mobile cctv units that can be moved on-demand to 'hot spots' and major public events.   there are early signs of an impact at least on short-term debt.   there are eight states in the nation which require employers to cover in vitro fertilization through their employer-sponsored health insurance plans.   "there are going to be stretches during the season when you run into pitchers who throw a good game," brewers manager craig counsell said.   there are homeless babies, huddled with their families against the cold, living in cars, for whom a tent city can be a welcome relief.   there are, however, people who continue to support manson.   there are kids around.   there are kurds, including osso, in some other factions that will attend.   "there are lawmakers in both parties who have pledged to work hard on this issue and see gay and trans-gender people included in the law and i think next year they will do that," said lafavour.   there are lounge chairs and blue umbrellas, and a small flight of stairs leading down the turquoise-blue aegean sea.   there are many accounts of the heroic, all-japanese-american nd regimental combat team, thousands of americans who chose to fight for their country even though they and their families were held captive by their government.   "there are many commercial uses for the smallest uavs," said guinn, an executive at california drone maker d robotics, who previously helped develop the wildly popular dji phantom quadcopter.   "there are many more jobs reports to get back to normal, but this is a step in the right direction."   there are many popular solutions for this, such as basecamp and producteev, to help you get a bird's-eye view of what your employees are working on, and if they are excelling or falling behind.   "there are many promises, but at the end there will be nothing.   there are many reasons why woods became such a compelling brand proposition, but one of them has been his transferability -- the ability to appeal to a wide audience.   "there are marvels in the contemporary perfumery creation," costa webster said.   there are medicines and pharmaceuticals, packages of certain antibiotics, certain medical things.   there are more than enough of them to go around; they number in the thousands and include headline artist colleagues of the th and st centuries.   there are never enough hours in the day for pms to please upper management, engineering, sales, support, and marketing.   there are new teams that are necessary to deal with new threats."   there are no vegas helicopters that go to the south rim (those travelers seeking to do the south rim can take a -minute plane tour that includes a helicopter ride).   there are now branches around the world, including the kirche des fliegenden spaghettimonsters in germany.   there are now more than , child asylum seekers in kent that includes asylum seekers who have turned but arrived in the county when younger and remain under the statutory care of social services.   there are now more than . million canadians of chinese ethnic origin and chinese is the third most common language spoken in canada after english and french.   "there are no words to describe the contempt i have for him and his comments."   there aren't that many companies in the world that think about their next billion customers.   there aren't that many people like that in germany."   there are odd holes in the surface from volcanic materials erupting out of the ground and boiling off into space.   there are others who have won elections but haven't consistently taken on big fights.   "there are presently about million kraft shares outstanding.   there are several crucial reasons why the us government, israel, the international community and american jews, as well as palestinians, arab states and others should be focusing on this as a priority, from all their different vantage points.   there are several different kinds, but all contain a flavorful stock, some kind of thickener, meat and/or shellfish and the all-important combo of celery, bell peppers and onions (the holy trinity of cajun cooking).   there are several reasons why a company or an industry migrates to cloud.   "there are several victims among the islamist fighters.   there are several ways for startups to score media coverage, so roll up your sleeves and get cracking. . provide ways for your initial customers and early adapters to create buzz.   there are several wwii russian submarine shipwrecks in the baltic sea, that isn't unusual.   there are so many."   there are so many former catholics in the united states, in fact, that if they formed their own church, they'd be the country's second-largest religion, after only the catholic church itself.   “there are so many resources now that can provide help and support and give young people hope,” she said.   there are some examples at the moment in the southern ocean, like thunder, a vessel which is on the interpol list, is fishing illegally, and is extremely difficult to deal with.   there are some private rehabilitation centers, but the costs are prohibitive for most users.   there are some saving graces.   there are sound reasons for rewarding excellence and sponsoring institutions that do important scientific research.   there are still others who wish to be a famous country music singer, a famous rapper, or a famous "real housewife."   there are "striking similarities" between emwazi and the man known as "jihadi john," according to asim qureshi, cage's research director.   "there are studies out there that show gps really do save lives.   "there are tensions abroad where people don't understand our attachment to the freedom of speech," hollande said.   there are too many good things in life that i want to experience."   there are too many parts of the economy that are doing well."   there are two movies contained in marielle heller’s “diary of a teenage girl,” the one that’s on view and the one that it implies, and the latter is far superior.   there are two particularly notable extremist groups in syria, firstly isil, and secondly al qaida-linked jabhat al-nusra.   there are two restaurants: one gourmet and the other mediterranean.   there are two schools of thought on road trip snacks.   there are very few things in any contemporary automobile that have not been either directly developed or improved by racing.   there are ways to honor veterans every day (cnn)"what day is veterans day?"   there are weather reports of dust blowing off of the lake's dry beds on feb. , and the computer program projected that dust would hit eastern washington and northeast oregon just before the rain started.   the reasonable republicans, the john kasichs and the jeb bushes, have been left with little polling support to the point they may wilt, despite the fact that they are the kind of candidates who can win the presidency.   “the reason for our existence is our land, where we have our own governance, economy and cultural practices,” said lyndon pishagua chinchuya, , of the yanesha community in the peruvian amazon.   the reason for the air pollution is an increase in road traffic and the booming industrial sector.   the reason for the lower sales outside of the us is that the devices are mismatched with infrastructure and consumer expectations in those markets, according to gartner.   the reason for the moderate reaction is that many analysts had expected worse, having been prey to their own exaggerated fears.   the reason no one is hating on landline phones and fax machines is that they don’t impact our daily lives anymore.   the reasons for that outcome go beyond the party's nationalist ideology and include israel's sense of geographic vulnerability, its fragmented politics and a master campaigner in netanyahu himself.   "the reason that it's breaking temperature records is because you have the el nino event on top of the fact that the planet is slowly warming," said donner.   the reason why i wanted to do bedroom kandi, is because i wanted to make a product that you don’t have to see a porn star on the box.   the rebel group gave dibb until february to meet their demands.   the rebels have been at odds with khartoum for decades.   the rebels were not properly prepared to fight off an enemy attack, and were sent to syria in insufficient numbers, the times said.   the reboot, a six-episode run, begins in january.   the recall comes in reaction to a demonstration by wired magazine in which two hackers were able to take control of a jeep suv and control it remotely while a journalist was in the driver's seat.   the recalled cribs and furniture were sold in a vintage grey paint finish under the brie, braxton, heritage, everything nice and legendary collections.   there can be a one- to two-month lag between the time a person takes antibiotics, or antimicrobials, and when he or she develops a c. difficile infection.   "there can be no social equality unless you have economic equality," she said, "and you can't have economic equality unless you are employed."   the recent crisis in russia has caused huge capital flight.   the recent shipment was the first of those exports.   "the reception has been phenomenal.   "there certainly seems to be a marginalization of their lives and their experiences.   the reconciling cold war foes are now building deeper trade, military and political ties, spurred on by a desire to limit china's regional clout.   the record high for this day came in , when temperatures climbed to . c, sauder said.   the records obtained thursday by the associated press show that syed farook's mother, rafia, described her husband in as "irresponsible, negligent and an alcoholic."   the record supports this position, regrettably.   the record was always meant to overstay it’s welcome in parts.   "there could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," he told air traffic control.   the red army liberated auschwitz, and that's a fact.   the red cross said two of the children were spending the weekend with another family member and were not home when the fire broke out.   the red devils, who started with wolfsburg's kevin de bruyne, moved level on points with high-flying wales, but are ahead of the british nation on goal difference.   the "red dragons" conceded just four goals in nine matches, finishing second behind belgium.   the redhawks trailed - at halftime and outscored the eagles - in the second half.   there didn't used to be parades and primetime games.   therefore, excess revenue should not go to lowering taxes, he said, but to growing workforce talent.   therefore, i am very honored to present you invisible us.   therefore, i have decided to seek other leadership opportunities, where my skill sets at strategy-making and building organizations and systems will add value."   therefore, many who might be eligible don't bother applying for asylum, figuring that it is either superfluous or, worse still, might eventually be an impediment to their gaining the right to remain in germany by other means.   there for me to see.   the reform is aimed at speeding up land acquisition for billions of dollars worth of stalled infrastructure and other development projects to boost the economy.   the regime’s repression of the iranian people and its detentions of american citizens continue.   the regional water company, donbas water, says it is still safe to drink.   “the region has a lot of parity,” said drake.   there, governor rotimi amaechi had been feuding with president jonathan ever since defecting from the pdp to buhari's apc two years ago.   "there has also been a real effort on the government's part to fix the worst of their problems, and be seen fixing the worst of their problems," said barr.   there has been almost no rain in this part of the country, an hour's drive from the capital pyongyang and one of the country's main rice-growing regions, according to farmers and local officials interviewed by the associated press.   there has been a torrent of revelations lately about the ability of governments, hackers and essentially anyone on the internet to track your online movements.   there has been no shooting on the front for a week," poroshenko said in televised remarks.   there hasn’t been any further confirmation, but as you can see in the imagine above, the tagline for the event is: “we never hit pause.”   there has to be a stopping point, it's the circle of violence and addiction, there has to be a stop to it."   there have been confirmed rabies cases in raccoons and skunks in new brunswick over the past year.   there have been reported incidents.   "there have been increased battles in the latakia area," he said.   there have been many nights i've cried myself to sleep in pain or frustration and have wished more than anything she would just walk into my bedroom and sit on the end of my bed like she used to do.   there have been some rebounders, though.   there have been talks about this going on in koreatown, though it sounds like it's exclusive to people who speak korean, and there's another app competing for the same business, called bemydd—however, luxe appears to be cheaper.   there have recently been case reports of infections with borrelia miyamotoi, which is related to the bacterium that causes lyme disease.   there have to be charging stations everywhere.   there, he said he faced a brutal, mind-numbing reality that was nothing like what he'd envisioned.   “there inevitably will be a price change,” said richard mollet, chief executive of the publishers association, a british trade body.   there is a % increase for health insurance.   there is a difference. . accreditation status.   there is a front-page report in the herald on the story, which quotes former prime minister gordon brown as saying the plan threatens the future of the union.   "there is a letter in sweden, written by me, stating that, if something happens to me, i could be buried here."   "there is a likelihood of increased displacement due to active fighting currently ongoing," the red cross said around p.m. ( a.m. et) saturday.   "there is a lot of research going on in the area," he said, adding that seismic stations have been set up in northeastern b.c. in the last two years to help scientists get a better look at the small earthquakes in the region.   "there is already a shortage of workers in the care sector and it has the highest turnover rate of staff in japan because of poor pay and conditions."   there is also an overarching reason as to why germany wants a strong greece.   there is also the ben hogan-style cap the southern methodist university senior wears when he plays, and the rare distinction that added him to a group of elite golfers: jack nicklaus, phil mickelson, tiger woods and ryan moore.   there is also water damage in the area from damage to a water main."   “there is a moral imperative to save the planet, and to do so we need to end the fossil-fuel era now.   "there is a negative sentiment largely driven by oil prices..   "there is an expectation of a conservative aversion against environmental measures," writes the university of bergen's sondre båtstrand.   there is an old expression in aviation that safety improvements are written in blood.   there is another positive economic finding from the poll -- worries about job loss have dropped since last year.   "there is a picture of a woman with a -inch scar on her throat.   "there is a real danger these policies are forcing victims rather than institutions to take responsibility for addressing difficult situations," the fight against lad culture report read.   there is a reason he has them and you don't.   there is at least one relatively well-known name confirmed at bouzincourt -- though in the village cemetery, not the caves.   "there is a very big risk: ttip will restrict our democratic rights.   "there is bipartisan recognition that obamacare will reduce take-home pay but the president is showing once again that protecting his law is a higher priority than protecting these workers' wages," buck said in a statement.   there is camaraderie among the women as they support one another and speak about how they have taken up surrogacy to support their own children.   there is certainly some skepticism over his shift in position.   there is currently a shortage of over , housing units in jordan, and rising rent prices caused by the inadequate supply of homes negatively affect refugees as well as jordanian nationals.   there is flexibility that you can use if you really have to, flexibility to devalue the national currency and to shovel funds into your banking system without having to consult frankfurt.   "there is, i guess, a notion, where people become lifers.   there is indeed a great potential, space and momentum for further, enhanced cooperation.   there is, in other words, according to cowen, a moral but not legal obligation to give credit where credit is due.   "there is just a pattern here where the other side keeps using the same old tired, failed policies.   there is little substance to commenting all day, aside from the fact that posting gets issues off your chest.   "there is more competence, more willingness to compromise and more preparedness - data, numbers, etc," said an eu official familiar with the talks.   there is much more work to be done though.   there is no allah that supports the torture, murder or rape of innocent women and children.   there is no call to action in this article or question to pose to the readers.   “there is no change in any of the math used to calculate benefits.”   there is no clear explanation for this, but it is thought it may be due to the replacement of peat with more environmentally friendly ingredients such as sawdust and bark.   "there is no cyprus problem" he had answered.   “there is no division, there is no split,” kerry said at a security conference in munich.   there is no doubt that we must do this.   "there is no evidence of when it was shot and where it was shot," he added.   "there is no evidence that mr. said's actions were specifically intended to target the united states for attack," defense lawyer silvia pinera-vazquez said in her court filing.   there is no evidence that ukraine were the first to open fire.   "there is no further threat of deportation," bobley said to huffpost.   there is no gloating about that as players are respectful of woods' former greatness and aware that he is still the biggest draw the sports has worldwide.   there is no immediate word on how much damage west vehicle incurred.   "there is no indication at this point either that there is malicious activity involved," said the spokesman, josh earnest.   there is no intake of whole foods at all.”   there is no mention of the more than women who've claimed the -year-old entertainer sexually assaulted them.   there is no mystery to this.   there is no other option."   "there is no other post-doctoral training like this is dentistry.   "there is no place… for corrupt people among us, for corrupt individuals who want to destroy the institution of the military," he said on tuesday.   "there is no question that depository institutions occupy a very important place in today's larger payments universe," he said.   there is nothing that i enjoy more than reading.   there is nothing that we can do.   “there is no tolerance for those people who question the dignity of others, no tolerance for those who are not willing to help where legal and human help is required," merkel told reporters and local people.   "there is not really a sense of national security anymore, it's more of a risk society in a sense in that what happens far away is eventually our concern."   there is no video of the shooting itself, though security camera footage from classic buick gmc dealership's parking lots shows taylor walking around and damaging some vehicles.   there is no way to always be "clean" for anal sex.   there is precious little discretion in the system, with providers potentially going against the terms of their contract if they don't raise such 'doubts'.   there is provision for the registrar to issue advisory opinions on the application of the act but none have been issued to date.   “there is quite a discernible shift in sentiment because production declines are quite high,” amrita sen, chief oil market analyst for energy aspects ltd in london, said by telephone.   "there is room for everyone.   "there is room in the primary for anyone who has enough resources," said tom rath, a longtime new hampshire power broker and romney ally.   "there is significant work to be done in order to regain the trust of the public and to fundamentally reform the way in which people see fifa," scalia said.   there is so much distrust of law enforcement in this city.   there is still work to be done to stop human trafficking, but this will help."   there is strong evidence — not just from our study — that this is a consequence of the long-term decline of the gulf stream system, i.e. the atlantic ocean’s overturning circulation amoc, in response to global warming.   • there is substantial interest in social impact bond/ pay for success financing to fund the creation of supportive housing.   there it flows south all the way to antarctica.   the relationship between major japanese corporations and the japanese state is famously tight, so much so that it can be hard to know where one ends and the other begins.   the relationship has been occasionally strained, however, with ongoing rumors that he could yet leave the club at the end of the season.   the relationship has mainly gone one way, with china providing economic assistance and political backing to pakistan.   the (relatively) leafy district known as walthamstow village was first to fall, with the stripped floorboards and tasteful front door paint gradually spreading further afield.   the remaining female members of the species, najin and fatu, are also unable to reproduce.   the remains from the nov. , , crash of the u.s. army air force c-b cargo plane are the first to be recovered in malaysia.   the remarks from yellen confirmed that," said collin martin, director of fixed income at schwab center for financial research in new york.   there may be enough spin in the atmosphere for some storms embedded in the squall line to produce a brief tornado.   the remote, rugged terrain has posed an enormous challenge for investigators.   the reorganization included the consolidation of components and offices from different agencies to create a unified department focusing on homeland security.   the replacement of hung — who is believed to have been backed largely by, and whose cross-strait policy was masterminded by pro-unification groups — is a red flag to beijing as well.   the report by finnwatch and swedwatch explores the employment conditions of migrant workers in thailand's poultry industry.   the report cites many individual cases, including that of edward thomas.   the report claimed french and british intelligence services were activating long-standing contacts with tribal leaders in libya, encouraging them to establish a breakaway, semi-autonomous area.   the report concludes langridge had "long-standing personal issues” left over from his parents’ divorce when he was five years old.   the report documents a complaint made by lynn peplinski, a local resident and dog team owner on aug. , of an oil slick in the creek.   the report found lonmin, a london-based company, "did not use its best endeavors to resolve the dispute that arose between itself and its workers" who took part in an unprotected strike, zuma said.   the report is also expected to examine ways the industry communicates with the province on fuel supply levels.   the report listed “ clusters that focus primarily on three areas: politics, technology and entertainment.”   the report looked at the last five years of data based on the former district health authorities and concludes that your location has a huge effect on whether you survive a major trauma.   the report, “lynching in america: confronting the legacy of racial terror,” documents the lynchings of , black men, women and children in southern states, and argues that lynching was racial terrorism and that its impacts are still with us.   the report notes insects are bountiful, widely consumed and contain high levels of protein, fat, vitamins, fibre and minerals.   the report on eu citizens attitudes towards smoking showed a downward trend in tobacco use across europe.   the report particularly highlights offensive conduct by fans of moscow clubs cska, dinamo, lokomotiv and spartak, and zenit st. petersburg.   the report refers to the new standard as an embedded sim — or an e-sim — which would remain inside the phone and give consumers the ability to switch carriers without getting a new card, rather than locking them into a specific carrier, as they do now.   the report said there would be a percent reduction in jobs, with between , and , classified under “transformation savings,” including streamlining information technology projects.   the report states there were problems with the work rowe's and atcon did on the bridge that had to be fixed, and the cost of the repairs to the work done by rowe's should be subtracted from the money owed to the company.   the report was published this weekend and cites a "major u.s. source," alleging that president barack obama's administration cooperated with pakistani intelligence officials to kill bin laden.   the report, which could not be independently verified, said at least four pkk leaders and female rebel fighters were among the dead.   the report, which tracks "modern slavery" such as forced labor and the sex trade, is usually released in june but has been delayed this year.   the reptrak® database is normative, examining stakeholder groups in more than industries and more than countries for more than , companies.   the republican-controlled congress, while sharply criticizing nhtsa earlier this year, refused to provide additional funds to expand the agency's office of defects investigation, for example.   the republican from boise was first elected to the idaho house in .   the republican presidential candidate has become so widely known for his weight loss on the "paleo" diet that when he indulged in some fried goodness at the iowa state fair on friday, he was frequently questioned by voters and reporters about his splurge.   the republican presidential contender has held two press conferences over the past two days to address the flooding and the government's response.   the republican presidential front-runner's remarks seem to bolster the russian line of response to the report, which was released on tuesday, and previous accusations that the government could have been involved in the missile launch.   the republican presidential hopeful and unabashed football fan ruffled some feathers with some college football trash talk, and the president of the university he dissed is fighting back.   the republican, who won an upset victory in november in a heavily democratic state, said he had noticed a painless lump along his jaw earlier this month.   the request was made on june via a diplomatic note, the spokesman said in response to a question from reuters.   there’s a . twist, too: the chair has its own twitter account, while most of the chairs have been embedded with a gps chip so that they can be tracked online in real time.   "there's a , worker job gap in the logistics industry that companies can't fill today," wise tells me.   there’s a better option going forward.   there's a greek saying that goes, "the wet man is not afraid of the rain."   "there’s a huge opportunity right now to change trucking," says ceo dan lewis.   "there's a liberty interest in not being arbitrarily denied the opportunity to live with your spouse through the erroneous application or interpretation of law," din's attorney, mark haddad, told the justices.   “there’s almost no rhyme or reason as to what will make something go viral.”   “there’s a lot of ’em that have tried and a lot of ’em that came into it with the same fanfare that he has.   "there's a lot of exploration happening in the territory, but the companies leave a lot of garbage behind," said david ningeongan, the president of the kivalliq inuit association.   there's a lot of information out there.   "there's a lot of people who like some of the older tv shows or like being able to go back to older episodes," he says.   "there's a lot of time to go, there's a lot of conversations to be had, there's a lot of debates and laying out solutions, whether it's dealing with our economics, whether it's dealing with our security, whether it's dealing with our foreign policy.   there's a lot to unpack in there, and it's pretty nice to look at too.   “there’s a lot we can do with her twisting skills.   there's also a cleaning cartridge that will scrub the resin tank clean if your next job uses a new color.   there’s also a drawdown from the strategic petroleum reserve, reforms to crop insurance, and savings reaped from a justice department funds for crime victims and involving assets seized from criminals.   there's also a level of optimism inherent in that definition, a little engine that could puffing "i think i can, i think i can" as it trudges up the mountain.   there's also been some speculation that the company might partner with tesla for a partnership concerning both companies' self-driving car technology.   there’s also restrictions on filetypes, so while you can see a thumbnail preview of text in a document created with textedit on a mac (stored on icloud), you can’t access the document or edit it.   "there's always good and bad, there's always winners and losers in everything," commission chair bob shannon said.   there's a major drawback though.   "there's a number of players in australia who would be in their number one picked test team.   “there’s a part of me that’s known as a bit of a lioness.   there's a reason the role of ben mitchell has been recast so many times, and this serious storyline was transformed into a rather ridiculous one, thanks to the not-so-great acting from this young star.   "there's a sense a republican can't win in a presidential year in illinois," gaines said.   there's a sense of strategy with all that you hear.   there's a well-known personal finance expert who's been known to tell people on his radio show not to give to united way, because he apparently doesn't have a good grasp of this issue and is offended by what some out-of-town united way did.   "there's a working assumption that god is supposed to do whatever we want," ali continued.   there's bangkok's world gourmet festival, on from september to at the anantara siam hotel.   “there's been a few on kane so it’s more than just one place."   there's been a fourth-quarter rally in every election year since – except in , and that was largely because we were in the great recession.   there's been so much happening already.   the researchers also estimated that unhealthy lifestyles were responsible for almost percent of heart disease cases in younger and middle-aged women.   the researchers are now creating a computer model to calculate an individual woman's lifetime risk of breast or ovarian cancer depending on her exact brca and brca mutations, rebbeck said.   the researchers did their initial experiments on pig skin, to limit the amount of mummy skin they needed to use.   the researchers reported their non-invasive way of controlling brain cells in the journal nature communications, and stated that it could help improve optogenetics, which uses light instead of sound.   the researchers speculate that light can help regulate metabolism, and that even to minutes of bright light between a.m. and noon is enough to impact your weight.   the researchers suggest this gap may result from long-lasting social experiences between chimps and humans.   the research isn't quite at that stage yet, but they have been able to change the hue of the rose's leaves by applying an electrical current to the system.   the research, she said, "is showing that climate extremes can very rapidly fundamentally alter the biology of an organism."   "there's enough darkness out in the world.   the reservoir will be located a bit south of highway , east of highway and north of highway . (google maps ) comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   there’s even a nifty pc and mac installer that bypasses apple’s security features to install an ios app without requiring a jailbreak.   there’s even a registration form to prove your qualifications.   "there's going to be a lot of people that won't be able to afford to access the y," she said.   there's good news in the daily star for parents not keen to brave the threat of court action by taking a term-time break.   there, she never used to cry at bedtime.   there should be a law against that.   the reshuffle, announced in a presidential decree on friday, expanded the cabinet to members from a previous and is seen as an attempt to silence critics who say the bongo family has too much control over the oil-rich central african country.   the residents of lesbos show how: with calm, business savvy and the sometimes alarming pragmatism of local authorities.   "the residents of the district of columbia grieve with the savopoulos and figueroa families," cohen said.   the residents were not informed of the purpose of the study and were simply asked to do their best and to notify the researchers when they completed a closure.   there's little question, in light of blackberry's continuing decline, that the canadian company had to switch to android if it was to stand any chance of remaining a player in the mobile market.   "there's lots of funny jokes you can make about poo brew, but more importantly there are few professions out there that care more about the quality of water than brewers.   there's no better time for sunni and shia to sit down together and address not just isis but the injustice, intolerance, and inequality that birthed it.   "there's no doubt the rcmp do a fantastic job, but an . per cent increase seems to be astronomical," peddle said.   there's no finer time for cigar aficionados to get their cubans straight from the source.   there's no guarantee that foxconn will again be the partner for any new smartphone projects, though given the two companies' established collaboration, it would seem to be a probable candidate.   "there's no lack of ideas and concepts for a fair refugee policy in europe," he says.   there's no lawsuit in sight for carusone, so far, but trump has already threatened to sue univision and nbc after they cut off ties to trump and canceled their upcoming broadcasts of the miss usa pageant -- which trump partially owns.   there’s none of siri’s trademark attitude — asking it to divide by gets nothing — and it can’t set timers, convert units, or look up random facts on wolfram alpha or the web.   there's no one that's going to fight for my child, only me.'   “there’s no question francis will be the star of the show when he’s in town,” john allen, author, of “against the tide: the radical leadership of pope francis,” said in an interview.   "there's no question" that there's been an increase in these factors, smith said.   there's no single answer; what one investor considers an acceptable tradeoff may be quite different from what another deems appropriate.   there’s no soft spot in the economy, that’s over.   there's no such reprieve next year.   "there's no 'swiss army building' that's going to be right for any one particular purpose."   there's not any excuse why no one is talking," he told wxyz.   there's not a shortage of issues right now," edelman said.   "there's not a whole lot to say," arizona state coach herb sendek said.   there's nothing to say he didn't walk away from his home, nothing to say someone didn't do something to him, nothing to say there was not an accident.   "there's no water or food on the other side of , and we checked all along the freeway for anything she might be looking for.   “there’s no water pressure,” he complained.   "there's no way i can tell my employer i can't work for five days because my internet is not working," branch said.   there's no word on the cause of the pile-up, however blowing snow has been causing visibility issues in the area today.   there's no word on the value of stolen merchandise.   there's no word on what kind of weapon was used.   there's only one song i made while not being pregnant," she said.   there's others who have a different perspective.   there’s really nothing anybody can do or say to make me feel any better,” she said.   there's really two different kinds of lies that come into play in election campaigns.   there's respect also from postecoglou, who has spent much of his coaching life in australia.   "there's some real cognitive dissonance around allowing the expansion of a dirty and polluting industry in your backyard that makes no long-term economic sense."   there's something great about that.   "there's something wrong with that."   there’s so much talent out there.   "there's still going to be memories when i see my guys, anyone of the teammates i had when i won a championship or even lost a championship because we gave so much to each other and we sacrificed so much," he said.   "there's still plenty of chances to see perseids."   there’s still time to run out for an extra box of chocolates.   “there's structural support that looks substandard, issues with ceilings collapsing, there's a lot of items here,” said building inspector aaron sanders.   the rest can go back to ignoring the game for another year.   the rest is history.   the rest is offered in store credit or a prepaid visa.   “the rest of europe knows that greece has long struggled to manage migration,” karl kopp, director of european affairs for pro asyl, a frankfurt-based refugee rights organization, said.   the rest of the -minute shorts that followed thumb wars, like bat thumb, thumbtanic, and frakenthumb, were released on dvd in the early s.   the rest of the republican party, however, seems horrified.   "there's too much anxiety living that way, right?   the rest was given to their driver once they reached europe.   the rest will arrive by the end of february .   the rest will be elected from national lists, with party leaders deciding who gets a ticket.   the resulting blackouts severely impact the tourism and finance sectors of the economy.   the resulting flooding may overwhelm the city's pumps and parts of the city could remain under water for days or weeks," accuweather meteorologists said the day before katrina's landfall.   the resulting flood spreads to the kitchen.   the resulting tweets provide chilling commentary on rape culture, sexual assault and the all-too-common experience of being a survivor in a culture where people are primed to think you're lying.   "the result is everyone draws a line around their own territory."   the result is the online equivalent of a flaming car wreck for all of us to rubberneck.   the result of peppler’s case will have implications beyond the district.   the results, according to the study, point to a "remarkably drier future that falls far outside the contemporary experience of natural and human systems in western north america, conditions that may present a substantial challenge to adaption."   the results are a telling reflection of what this country cares about.   the results are proven.   the results derived from this study could also have implications for patients on earth in the treatment of bone disorders related to disuse or immobilization, as well as metabolic diseases such as osteoporosis.   the results include less than two weeks of sales reporting by volkswagen after its admission to rigging diesel engines with software that deceived regulators about pollution levels.   the results of our team’s study of this comparison (don’t worry, it didn’t take much time) were quite enlightening.   the results represent a gain of percentage points for carson since the last nbc/wall street journal survey in mid-october, and a -point decline for trump.   the results were evident immediately.   "the results were lower and lower year after year.   the result was an additional $ million.   the result was a rough estimate on deaths and costs to society based on a certain amount of pollution triggering each death.   the result was smoke and debris that drifted over richmond, and a large number of people became sick.   there's virtually no control over what is dumped, so all manner of industrial and commercial waste burns when fires start, often sparked by arsonists.   the retailer recently launched a clothing and accessories line in partnership with univision host rodner figueroa that offers bright prints and is geared toward the latina shopper.   "the retail industry is at a pivot point, where digital experiences are redefining how customers shop and engage with brands," gap ceo art peck said in a statement tuesday.   the retail trade, professional and business services, and education and health services sectors gained the most jobs, while the government, manufacturing and financial activities sectors lost the most.   the retail vaporizer industry is predicted to reach $. billion this year.   the retired drainage engineer said: “it’s a lovely hobby.   the retired neurosurgeon also pledged to stand by donald trump if the businessman is elected as the gop nominee.   the retired neurosurgeon and unlikely conservative star had been exploring the idea of running for president for a few months before the may announcement.   "there used to be students.   the reuters poll also suggested that u.s. crude oil stocks had fallen for the eighth straight week.   the revelation has raised questions of child protection, race, religion and political correctness.   the review found lang's work "has adhered to cbc's journalistic standards."   the review was prompted by the disclosure that clinton, in a departure from predecessors, relied exclusively on the private account for emails about government business.   the review will be formally announced by shadow cabinet minister angela eagle at conference and will also look at the "use of technology" in the policy-making process.   the revival of portrait painting, the reception of cubism, the influence of primitivism and the search for new, straightforward motives from everyday life all interacted in this international cultural exchange.   there was a bigger discrepancy this year but nevertheless there was always a reduction in the results of the english students," tremblay said.   there was a comfort for these people in knowing what to expect from their experience, from their meal, from those crazy-delicious desserts.   "there was a coroner's inquest into the shooting deaths in mayerthorpe," he said.   "there was a discussion, but it was not on the record and therefore, i will not divulge the content of that discussion," he said.   there was a large crowd — not sold out, but busy, loud and decked out in red.   "there was a little foyer/porch before you actually got inside the house.   "there was a lot of push from community to do another production, and this is a result of that."   there was also a debutant in the fleet side, lloyd harrington, who was playing his first competitive game for the club since joining from dover in summer .   there was also praise for germans' recycling rates, which at percent are among the best in europe.   there was an even greater increase in awareness that breast reconstruction could be done using a woman's own fat tissue, as opposed to synthetic breast implants, the researchers found.   "there was an expectation that i would be england manager.   "there was a question over whether the trajectory and demand for wearables in the apple ecosystem was there and real," he said.   there was a "small army of people behind the counter for the opening," reports scott lynch, who was on the scene for today's debut of the counter service section of the restaurant.   there was a time in which his gate was fast and he would meet the children half way up the street.   "there was a very heated debate," van zeller acknowledges.   there was bipartisan support in , so why the commotion over a similar law in , some ask?   there was dancing in the streets.   there was even a hint of jasmine in the air.   "there was intense pressure to produce results under 'the challenge' initiative," the report said.   there was little instruction in math or english.   there was little wind and the oc water was flat on a oc day with puffy clouds dotting blue skies.   "there was my father driving, my mother in the passenger side, myself, my sister and my -year-old niece in the back.   there was no appeal from watling or other players behind the wicket, but boult made a half-hearted appeal that was turned down by the field umpire.   there was no claim of responsibility, but the proximity to syria suggested it could be related to the conflict.   there was no connection to the mystery drone flights over the past two days, the spokeswoman said.   there was no conversation,” peskov told journalists.   there was no difference in cpr performed by first responders or ems over that period.   there was no fog that day.   there was no government confirmation of the loss of territory.   there was no immediate claim of responsibility of the attack.   there was no immediate kremlin comment on his odessa appointment, but andre purgin, a top eastern ukraine separatist leader, called it “mockery and an absolutely unprecedented step.”   there was no immediate word from either side about what was discussed.   there was no indication that was connected to the flags.   there was no sign of violence but sentiment was palpably tense, with one migrant holding up a sign saying, "we are under siege."   there was nothing more i could have done in terms of being ready to play and it gave me some invaluable one-on-one time with the coaches.   there was no timetable on when he would start rehabilitation or when he would return.   there was, of course, a backstage area, but not a v.i.p. area.   "there was one window in our room," she says.   there was so many questions i still had, and i thought it was worth exploring further.   there was stiff competition but, when the dust settled, a quartet from jonathan grant high school emerged winners in the junior category.   there was the slow clopping of a horse-drawn cart.   there was worse to come.   there were deaths in total, six in alberta's rockies and eight in b.c.'s columbia mountains.   there were write-in votes in the race, some of which may be reclassified as nonvotes monday, herbold said.   there were about of us.   there were a bunch of nearby bars and everybody left them and wandered over to the zoo.   "there were all sorts of different ideas pitched over the past three years," said abrams.   “there were also no physical obstructions present on the road.   there were also reports of debris in the water at the same site.   there were children and women among them, he said.   there were complications, and doctors “nearly lost” both of them in the process, kim said.   there were fewer than government employees when he arrived.   there were intelligence reports of the shanty town being used as an underground railway and stowaway for illegal migrants.   there were intensive contacts.   there were many intimate discussions about what can be done to lessen the likelihood that people will choose to attempt to bring an end to their own lives.   there were no disruptions inside the show at the centre in the square in kitchener wednesday and the crowd applauded cosby as he took the stage, but a small group of protesters outside the venue chanted slogans like "rape is not funny!" outside.   there were no government officials present at tuesday's commemoration.   there were no injuries and only minor damage to both vehicles.   there were no losses among the military.   there were no reports of any injuries caused by the tampered candy.   there were no reports of serious injuries.   there were no victims in the helicopter accident in djougou," marie-cecile zinsou, who is also a member of her father's communications team, wrote on her twitter feed.   there were numerous sightings in the days immediately following, including her in various locations throughout the -acre park along the west bank of the willamette river.   there were, of course, young women from a variety of backgrounds, but at least one category wasn't included: transgender women.   there were reports we received that the deer had on occasion knocked down children, and had jumped on people when they were putting canoes in the river, etc. this caused concerns for serious injury or worse," he said.   there were several days of clashes about two weeks ago, muslim protesters barricaded themselves inside the mosque while hurling stones and fireworks at police.   there were sirens going constantly; a few stragglers trying, and failing, to hail cabs; plainclothes riot police making the rounds in packs of , wearing jeans and helmets and bulletproof vests and carrying guns as long as my arm.   “there were so many elderly people in their wheelchairs with foreign caregivers, and they were just languishing there with nothing to do,” he said, adding that he thought they needed activities and entertainment.   there were so many people involved in this one, as in most, that eventually everyone sort of became like one big blur.   there were thin metal spikes attached to the windowsills.   there were unconfirmed reports that the warehouse contained tonnes of sodium cyanide, stored in wooden boxes or iron barrels.   "there were whispers for a long time."   there were whistles of approval as he tackled the issue of corruption, and called on african countries to end the "bad tradition" of female genital mutilation and of child marriage.   there will always be those individuals that will take as much advantage as you let them.   "there will be a letter from the foreign ministry to the relevant parties in the security council," syrian tourism minister bisher yazagi told reuters.   "there will be a military component to this," the president acknowledged wednesday.   there will be excessive overcrowding so tensions are sure to intensify."   there will be improvements in the skills of community teams who support them to achieve this.   there will be more search warrants on marijuana dispensaries at some point, said palmer, but "it is still not going to be the no. priority for the vancouver police department."   there will be multiple appeals," gertner said.   there will be no shortage of hometown competitions.   there will be records at this fair that have made the trek from as far away as georgia.   there will be some prompts on the screen, asking you, for one, to verify the amount of the transaction.   "there will be some unions that will be extremely worried about jobs and trade, and secretary clinton is going to have to deal with that."   there will, however, be one hurdle for developers.   "there won't be as many turkeys as last year, but a shortage means you can't get them, which is not the case," he said.   there would be a stringent division between the two, he told the tv station.   there you are, stuck in traffic as you try to get on the bay bridge, while that lane sits there, practically empty.   the rhythm section of dennis and bobbie hackney is also pretty damn good, and when it all comes together they whip up a mad frenzy of punk power that will make the kids cower.   the right wants more money for the military, the left wants more money for welfare - guns and butter - that's what we are going to have, guns and butter, but as a consequence i think they are destroying the country by adding more debt."   the rink at high park, located near grenadier pond, is regularly resurfaced and has separate areas for hockey players and leisure skaters.   the rise came despite anxiety over china's economic slowdown.   the rising air current is powerful enough to lift the gliders (many of which weigh just a few hundred pounds) to tremendous heights.   the risk is that business execs may stick with email and attachments to collaborate.   "the risk of being struck by lightning is about the same," said levine, the ut southwestern medical center professor.   the risk of birth defects from these drugs is greatest if they're taken during the first few weeks of pregnancy, a critical time for organ formation.   the ritz-carlton, hong kong, international commerce center, no. austin road west, kowloon, hong kong china; w hong kong if you have only one nice swimsuit, save it for the w hotel hong kong.   the rivalry had intensified in recent years, with seatme attempting to poach employees from opentable, the former opentable employee said.   the river in hardin is predicted to rise by about one foot tuesday, ktvi reported.   "the river is going to start to rise again," said kharley smith, the hays county emergency management coordinator.   "the river levels are low and we're having difficulty in maintaining water levels in the village.   the riyadh meeting called on the united nations to pressure the syrian government to make a series of confidence-building moves before peace talks start, including suspending death sentences against opponents, releasing prisoners and lifting sieges.   "the rjc is an excellent and skilled organization at bundling dollars in favor of preferred candidates," troy said.   thermal blankets before going to the center of internment.   the rnc had also considered holding the convention in june before deciding on the july date.   the roaches say they've been saving to pay for their daughters' university education, but will spend a little of their winnings in the short term. "for now, i'm getting an atv that i can use when i go hunting," he said.   the road from brendan's home to the park runs through a suburban neighborhood with big lots and large homes.   the road to this courtroom has been a long one.   the robberies were among over eight months that prompted a police news conference on jan. . police said saturday they’re investigating whether the men arrested in the la insurance and rite-aid robberies were involved in any of the others.   the robots aren't done, says betterment ceo jon stein.   the rockers have already been linked to a spot on the pyramid in , having been forced to pull out of their headline slot this year after dave grohl broke his leg.   the rocket fire came as mohammed allan, a palestinian detainee who islamic jihad says is one of its members, ended a two-month hunger strike over his detention without trial by the israeli authorities.   the rockies had a chance to cut into the lead when they had runners on first and third in the fourth, but j.a. happ fanned brandon barnes and pinch-hitter kyle parker to get out of the jam.   the romanian was the highest ranked player in the field at no. . hide caption of photos: who will take serena's title?   the rookie linebacker, who was born in jamaica and grew up in miami, also put down roots with ottawa's jamaican community.   the roots of the current conflict lie in houthi anger over a proposed new constitution that, they said, would unfairly distribute most of the country's resources to the south, leaving their areas in the northwest even more impoverished.   the roundabout theatre company said tuesday that the oscar- and emmy-winner will join gabriel byrne in a revival of eugene o'neill's play in march.   the route took them through the busy burgate and buttermarket and along rose lane to westgate towers via the old weavers.   theroux, who also wrote the script for "tropic thunder," is referring to a protest of that film by disabled groups for actor robert downey jr.'s use of the word "retard."   the royal canadian mounted police said it was using police dogs trained to detect explosives to sweep the plane that landed at halifax as a precaution.   the royal navy confirmed on tuesday that -year-old william mcneilly had earlier been detained.   the royal newfoundland constabulary and k services are investigating the break and enter, which happened after a.m. saturday morning in the elizabeth avenue area.   the royals iced the jays with a - win broken up by a rain delay friday night.   the royals led - after the initial eight minutes and held the lead until meyers’ simran mangat hit a mid-range jumper for a - advantage at : of the third.   the royalties fund language and cultural programs -- and also show up in the form of three-times-a-year checks to all members, said dana wilson, vice-chairman of the tribe.   the royal victoria hospital's allis-chalmers artificial kidney dialysis machine, thought to be the last of its kind in existence.   the rubels express while it has not been an easy road that there is no question of the love they have for the children.   the rule also had been brutally enforced through forced sterilizations and abortions, experts say.   the rule is expected to become effective in march , and will be phased in over months, giving foreign suppliers time to make changes needed to comply with the usda's requirements.   the rule of thumb here is best described as, "hope, pray, and run."   the rules around disqualifying senators say that he automatically vacates his seat if he's "attainted of treason or convicted of felony or of any infamous crime."   the rules gave muslims many of the same rights, like religious education in state schools, as catholics, protestants and jews.   the ruling also "blew the doors wide open" for other victims who previously believed they were outside the statute, said daniel kiss, the altoona attorney who filed the petition on behalf of spinelli.   the ruling coalition, which has whittled down the number of municipalities from to as part of a reform of local government, says it is confident of a "spectacular victory".   the ruling communist party under president xi jinping has promised to make china's economy more productive by opening more industries to private and foreign competition.   the ruling drew harsh criticism from the three dissenting justices and legislative republicans, who accused the court of taking on the role of policymakers.   "the ruling focused on services directed to european users, and that's the approach we are taking in complying with it," said the spokesman.   the ruling socialist party won seats.   the rumor proved untrue, however.   the running with the bols event happens every day at p.m., it's described as a tug-of-war with the wind and bols are parachute-type kites you run with.   the ruptures could increase momentum for rules aimed at further reducing the risk of shipping crude by rail.   the russian defense ministry released a cockpit video sunday, which it claims shows its fighter jets hitting isis positions in syria - including a command center, a training camp and an ammunition depot.   the russian market bled the most as volkswagen suffered a .-percent sales cut, amid continuing western sanctions over moscow's involvement in the ukraine crisis.   the russian scientist mendelev envisioned the entire complex organization of the periodic table of elements in a dream.   the rvsv-ebola vaccine was developed at the public health agency of canada's national microbiology laboratory in winnipeg under the direction of dr. gary kobinger.   the s arrived at the height of the selfie craze and since then phone manufacturers have moved wholesale to better front-facing cameras.   the sacp could also support him after falling out recently with the anc rump, even though its political ideology runs in stark contrast with ramaphosa.   the sadness and loss that drew thousands to nemtsov's funeral is unlikely to add vigor to the small and marginalized opposition, or dent the broad public support for president vladimir putin.   "the safety of our patients, associates and visitors is paramount to us and is our top priority at this time," lozano added.   "the safety of our visitors is our primary concern.   the salad debuts tomorrow, july th, and will be available through september th.   the sale, completed in april , was the biggest ever property deal in northern ireland.   the sale does not cover the dungeness nuclear power site, the two lighthouses, the pilot pub, romney, hythe and dymchurch railway station. or the neighbouring rspb reserve.   the sale has ended.   the sale is scheduled for wednesday.   the sale "should be concluded in the first quarter of ," nokia said in a statement, adding that it expected net proceeds from the deal of just over . billion euros.   the sales will take place in limited areas of ohio stadium.   the sale will be con­duct­ed sub­ject () to con­fir­ma­tion that the sale is not pro­hibi­ted un­der the u.s. bank­rupt­cy code and () to fin­al con­fir­ma­tion and au­dit of the sta­tus of the loan with the hold­er of the se­cur­i­ty deed.   the same goes for olives and capers, according to still tasty.   the same heckler had earlier yelled out, "we don't love you" while cosby was on stage, to which the comedian responded with "ok" before carrying on with his joke.   the same is happening with other police departments around the country.   the same is true of reading ebooks and comics or browsing through your photos: all are a better match to the ipad’s : than the widescreen options that have been on offer from android tablets up until now.   "the same justice report that you're basing all your opinions on cleared him %."   the same month saw the untimely death of new romantic pioneer steve strange at the age of . the fade to grey singer was hailed by his friends and fellow music stars as "a major face of the 's" and "a maverick to the end".   the same scheme could be applied with a ---- format.   the same software is used for other areas of fluid dynamics.   the same way love begins, it continues.   the sample images look great, and it sounds like shooting in auto mode, which is what the majority of people do, will result in high quality photos.   the samples are used to diagnose genetic disorders, infections and other abnormalities, says shieh.   the samples google showed off certainly are impressive, but we're going to have to put it through its paces in the real world before making any judgments.   the samsung logo is quite discreet in the image, so it's too early to tell if the company inked a product placement deal for every bit of technology in the film.   the samsung touchwiz software is the same as you will find on the s and s active with the typical samsung add-ons.   the sanctions do not bar officials from u.n. events, but the fourth world conference of speakers of parliament is organized by the inter-parliamentary union, which only has observer status at the united nations.   the sanctity of contracts and the freedom of decisions to deploy capital also impose de facto limits on arbitrary intervention by the state in economic life - which is a necessary condition for freedom in any part of life.   the sandisk extreme portable ssd on the left and extreme on the right.   the san francisco company is speaking out for the first time about the practice, which it describes as anti-competitive, michael says.   the sargasso sea is a major habitat for species such as sharks and the nursery for both american and european eels.   the sarvodaya movement is deeply imbued with this philosophy, whether in listening to the priorities of villagers or in microfinance programs.   the saturday service in downtown chattanooga comes nearly a month after mohammad abdulazeez shot and killed four marines and one navy sailor at a navy operations support center.   the saudi officials met with un secretary-general ban ki-moon to discuss the relief effort, which has raised questions about the saudi role as both coalition leader and aid donor.   the saudi press agency carried a military statement thursday saying the houthis launched two separate attacks there wednesday night, killing three saudi soldiers.   the saudi royal court said medical tests showed the king had a respiratory infection.   the saving rate edged up slightly to .% of after-tax income in september, compared to .%in august.   the scandal first broke in the us in september after the environmental protection authorities found that vw cars produced up to times the permitted amount of nitrous oxide pollution under real-world driving conditions.   the scandal, which has already felled his former vice president and a string of top officials, comes as guatemala prepares for elections sunday to choose perez's successor.   the scene combines dozens of images taken by curiosity's mars hand lens imager (mahli) on aug. , .   the scene is a peaceful one.   the scene that greeted them was stranger than fiction.   the scheme was set up off the back of worrying research from the charity which showed that hundreds of children in medway are leaving primary school without having reached the national standard of reading.   the school board of gadsden county reserves the right to reject any or all bids and to waive irregularities in the bids and in the bidding process.   the school board said the student was in a park adjacent to school property when he used a pellet gun to shoot five students who were playing on school grounds.   the school district says there are often problems at the start of a new school year, and it's monitoring the results after sending a satellite to the school.   the school division doesn't know how many families will sign up.   the schoolgirl had just moved from tenerife to corbera de llobregat near barcelona.   the school had employed the teachers on a series of one-year contracts.   the school has funded the additional staff and materials needed to run the ib program with more than $ million in state and federal grants, but needs to line up another funding source.   "the school is designed to give children an aim so they can study for something, not just for the sake of acquiring certifications.   the school is great,” said deng cui, from the academy’s urban design school, who wore a white hanfu gown with green trimming.   the school nurse wasn't there, so emts were called.   the school resource officer assigned to the high school is doug hallmark, who lives in frazier park.   "the schools admissions system had broken down," he says.   the schools are accepted as part of the education system, and charitable and religious foundations are working to improve standards for teaching and facilities, since many still lack enough furniture, books or teachers.   the school's focus on place-based education will instill in students a commitment to improving and enhancing their city and their neighborhoods.   the school's head teacher says behaviour at lunchtime has been improved by the increased activity in the classroom.   the school was founded in , and, five years later, moved into a small building on hillside avenue, with an enrollment of eighty students.   the scientists also said population declines are more widespread in the bird's range from washington through northern california.   the scientists are still assessing the sediment samples, tom miller, the coordinator for the scientific team, said thursday.   the scientists detailed their findings in tomorrow's (jan. ) issue of the journal science.   the scientists first implanted arrays of microscopic wires in the primary somatosensory cortex of the rats, the brain region linked with the sense of touch.   the scientists were worried they wouldn't be able to repeat the feat.   the score was - in favor of midlothian.   the score was green bay, and kansas city, . attendance was ,.   the scottish football association wants answers about why it platini was paid so long after the work was carried out.   the scottish liberal democrats have previously urged ms sturgeon to introduce the "pupil premium" in scotland similar to the additional funding given by the uk government to schools in england to raise attainment among disadvantaged students.   the scream: belgrade's artists are making themselves heard with a cultural revolution in the savamala district.   the screen also has a % higher resolution.   the sculpture - which was taken in july - was removed during opening hours, according to museum officials.   these , premises will have construction under way or planned by the end of december .   the sea also borders the west bank and jordan.   these agreements are a package that the us is using to reposition itself in the world against china by constructing a new grand enclosure.   the seahawks had to play without left tackle russell okung, who was out with a calf injury.   the seahawks, meanwhile, did not claim any players.   "these allegations are sickening," said suffolk county district attorney daniel conley.   these all occurred before african-american authors such ralph ellison's invisible man, books by toni morrison, james baldwin, richard wright, langston hughes, alice walker, and ta-nehisi coates.   these and other questions remain unanswered, but i’m told by microsoft that these questions will be answered closer to launch.   the searches come a day after hundreds of officers poured into willsboro, n.y., a community kilometres away, in a fruitless effort to find the men.   the search firm also unveiled a tablet, called the pixel c, which will go on sale later this year.   the search for airasia flight qz photos writing could be made out, showing the airasia insignia and other identifying features.   the search for mh photos malaysian air force members look for debris near kuala lumpur on march , .   the search for richard matt and david sweat has ranged around new york state and beyond since the two convicted murderers busted out of a maximum security facility more than two weeks ago.   the search for the missing plane west of the australian city of perth has yielded no results.   the search giant's latest trick, dubbed machine learning, to determine which messages should be marked as spam is helping to keep less than . percent of email in the average gmail inbox as spam.   the search of the rubble was still continuing.   the search will be called off later tonight, to resume in the morning.   "these are ambitious goals, but we know they're achievable goals," obama said at the energy department, where he toured a rooftop solar panel installation after signing the executive order at the white house.   these are complicated enterprises that pay out fat dividends but are heavily leveraged.   these are dangerous people."   these are kids who are five times more likely to be raped or otherwise sexually assaulted than in juvenile facilities.   these are not words that are usually recognised by chelsea and roman abramovich but everton have said them loud and clear.   "these aren't just kings, these are ordinary people," mitchell said.   these are people fleeing the brutal dictatorship of eritrea, the brutalities of syria and afghanistan and the vicious anarchy of other failed states.   "these are people with children who should be getting that money -- didn't get that money, and again this year we're looking at (families) totalling $,," he said.   these are pretty fool-proof, so it would be hard to mess them up.   these are some of the stories we're following at nbc news: . million at risk of severe weather after weekend twisters suspected tornadoes have killed at least two people in arkansas and damaged a city in texas.   these are the people who build you up, whom you can bounce ideas off, and above all else, they will be the people who will be there for you when you are having moments of self-doubt.   these are the questions worth asking — and they deserve better answers than simply "they'll adapt."   these are the signs which allow you to interpret his mood and character.   these are the words of un high commissioner for human rights zeid ra'ad al hussein presenting on september his organization's long-awaited report on war crimes and abuses committed in the south asian nation between and .   "these are treasures.   these are worthy endeavours but aren't going to move you closer to making a living doing what you love.   the season began on jan. at kapalua, and there was a tournament (or two) every week until it ended nov. at the tour championship.   the seattle budget office estimates the law will raise $, to $, a year.   these authentic lands will have two signature attractions.   the sebastian county prosecuting attorney's office is assisting with potential property and monetary seizures.   these blurred lines are significant.   "these buildings are really old and built by local, unqualified guys without any proper checks," leading to poor foundations and structural work, he said.   these can often set you back at least a few hundred dollars, but for a limited time, atom depot (via amazon) has the skylink sk- home security system for $., shipped.   "these changes should continue the process of restoring confidence in the court, alleviating fears of the consequences of appearing in court, and giving many residents a fresh start," judge mccullin said in a statement.   these characteristics suggest it was still a juvenile, de souza carvalho said.   these children were raised by people complicit in the torture and murder of their biological parents, and often were well into adulthood before they learned of their true origins.   "these clients are now resuming their search and i think we will see an increase in activity," mcdowell said.   these clues aren't terribly important in the first few rounds, as the words are fairly obvious from the fragments.   these college students are in the spokane police department's cooperative education program.   the second legs take place next tuesday.   the second one, shove it all in a vat of boiling water.   “the second pile was deemed non-ecclesiastical, and we were invited to take anything we wanted.   the second set of suspects is a group related to or on the fringes of the muslim brotherhood.   the second story narrated how minority hindus were brutally attacked and killed and their homes torched under chowdhury's leadership.   "the second term doldrums do exist, but time does seem to heal all," douglas astolfi, a professor of history at saint leo university, summed up cnn's findings.   the second type of innovation is important," suh said at a press conference earlier this month.   the sect is a radical offshoot of mainstream mormonism whose members believe polygamy brings exaltation in heaven.   these days, as cheesy as it may sound, no matter how fearful i am or how little confidence i have, i want to challenge myself.   these days, spence works at the group home where she lived growing up.   these days, the story is often told as a generational split, a case of a -year-old dylan rebelling against straight-laced older folks, but yarrow and wald say there was more to it than that.   these deals are "available, one per customer, until either the promotion period for the deal expires or all the available promotional discounts are claimed."   "these decisions are not taken lightly, but they are necessary steps to transform our industry," said maersk line chief executive soren skou.   these definitions, observers say, amount to a narrow read of civil-rights law.   these efforts will all be helped directly by china's recent policy pronouncements, and we're excited to continue our work with support from these new reforms.   "these events are highly regulated.   "these factors contribute toward the economic feasibility for a cloud vendor to run its business in that country or region."   "these figures along with youngminds' previous research demonstrates the 'double whammy' that children and adolescent mental health services face as both local nhs services and local government cut funding."   these figures show a profound change in attitude.   these findings are concerning, cogswell said, because research shows that kids set their taste preferences early in life.   "these findings are so new, so emerging that policy-makers have not yet had a chance to fully digest them or understand the implications," skowronski said.   these findings are useful for this older group of teenage cancer survivors, said heather conklin, an associate faculty member at st. jude children’s research hospital in memphis, tennessee.   these findings arrive on the back of several other studies that have found rises in self-harm, depression and other diagnosable mental health problems amongst uk children.   these friends can come in handy.   "these impressive numbers are likely to catch the eyes of policymakers in other states that could use a little help closing their budget gaps," tom angell, chairman of the advocacy group marijuana majority, told the huffington post.   these included delicious greens, yams, black eyed peas, cornbread, and banana pudding.   these include greece's younger generation, many of whom have been driven to suicide after they couldn't handle the financial turmoil.   these include rape, kidnapping, sexual harassment and molestation.   “these information sheets will be available on the city of wanneroo's website in the near future, with the draft revised signs policy to be advertised inviting public comment following this,” he said.   these measures come a day after the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution strongly condemning the escalating violence.   the semiofficial anadolu agency quoted energy minister taner yildiz as saying the cause of the outage was unknown.   these mistakes, the general manager said, can't keep happening if they plan to keep customers in their store.   "these murders show how the grave risks journalists face in syria have metastasised across the porous border with turkey."   these myriad bacteria species quickly spread and cover an infant's skin, mouth and digestive tract.   the senate can't move as quickly as the house, and it's unknown if mcconnell would be willing to pass legislation that came from speaker boehner after he has given up the gavel.   the senate committee on the judiciary is not involved.   the senate's contract with restaurant associates, the company that won a bid in to run senate restaurants, is up at the end of the year.   the senator had a record january fundraising haul, beating all of his goals, according to an aide.   "the senator is wildly off in his estimates — as surely he knows from the very public work that's been done on this question.   the senators also said drilling in the arctic contradicted president barack obama's efforts to limit emissions linked to climate change.   the senators’ letter expressed concern that the obama administration lacks a plan to address the negative impacts of federal coal.   the sendai reactors, on the coast of kagoshima prefecture in southwestern japan, are "very close" to getting final regulatory approval to being operations, an official from japan's nuclear regulator told reuters earlier this month.   the senegalese, , netted three goals in two minutes and seconds in the - win against aston villa on saturday.   "these new revelations continue to raise serious questions about hillary clinton's judgment as secretary of state," allison moore, the republican national committee's spokeswoman, said in an email to reporters.   these new rules don't regulate any content or application on the internet, or dictate how the internet operates or where traffic is routed.   the sentiment was true and kind, but somehow the analogy seems temporary.   these officers of all ranks gathered alongside their families, children, and community members to celebrate the “progress within our diaspora,” as the program of the day stated.   "these organizations are known," he was quoted as saying by russian media.   these past five years, my work has been non-partisan, and i've kept away from political activities.   these people have fled war, hunger, terror, poverty and found shelter here, where they are met with fire," said mona lindgren, a retired shopkeeper in this sleepy town just north of malmo, sweden's third largest city.   "these people weren't on the radar," he added.   these pint sized supermodels in training will then strut the latest in children's couture from around the globe down the glowing pink runway.   these procedures also come with a risk of overdosing on alcohol or drugs because patients’ smaller stomachs and intestines may no longer be able to tolerate the same amounts of libations or medications that they could before surgery.   these projects are partially funded by the provincial and federal governments.   the septuagenarian has suffered from heart problems during her detention, but seemed “reasonably healthy,” mo said.   the sequence extends his winning streak of rallies to four and few will be betting against the flying frenchman making it five in a row at the next rally in mexico in march.   these recommendations were not created with the goal of helping people lose weight but to promote better health, tobias said.   these remarks by ivan savvidis, a preeminent figure at the forum and president of the federation of greek communities of russia, speak to the core of the thinking of the fourth and fifth generations of pontians since their uprooting.   these restaurants are becoming magnets for discerning diners, appealing not only to residents of cairo's poorer neighbourhoods but also drawing well-to-do clients willing to travel across town.   “these returns will have a positive impact on the daily life of the people of okinawa,” kennedy told reporters at the prime minister’s office.   the series also includes three one-day matches.   the series certainly would not be the same without her.   the series developed a loyal following and ran from september through may .   the series featured his estranged wife, taylor, grappling with the aftermath of his suicide.   the series has sold more than million toys, and last year expanded from consoles to tablets.   the series is on applying to one's life the wisdom and philosophy found everywhere, from ancient texts to pop culture.   the series, which premiered in , is currently in its ninth season.   these rubber boots have a quilted pattern and lug sole for a look that’s part duck boot part moto boot.   these rules had set clear benchmarks for jordanians who want to become muslim under a time-consuming process designed to stop christians from converting to islam as a short cut to ending family disputes, including divorce and child custody.   the service also makes heavy use of wi-fi for calling and data access.   the service is intended to provide a safe environment for kids to browse content without running into inappropriate videos.   the service offered still-grieving charleston -- in another era, the american capital of the transatlantic slave trade -- a chance to mark what many argued was its triumph in thwarting the shooter's reported aim to foment racial hatred.   "these same people we are bringing to canada are the main victims of these terrorist groups."   these security problems have also raised concern about the turkish economy, which just in this brief spurt of turmoil has seen the turkish lira fall by about percent.   the sessions run through the summer, and the next one is scheduled for sept. . report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   these statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ.   these successes can also be attributed to the mentorship program from the c, a non-profit, member-driven organization supporting canadian entrepreneurship.   these sunscreen products will soon be labelled spf+, the society noted.   these symptoms represent a worrying trend of private interests taking precedence over the public interest and conservation in our national parks," said anne-marie syslak, the executive director of cpaws in southern alberta, in a release.   "these systems are going to explode in popularity."   these talks have reportedly stalled.   these tank cars, called cpc-s, are the new workhorses of the soaring crude-by-rail industry, carrying hundreds of thousands of barrels a day across the two countries.   "these things are wake-up calls certainly for us, so we certainly would review again what we are doing to keep our staff and the public, and domestic animals and the wildlife that we handle, as safe as possible," she said.   these three sport current yields of .%, .%, and .%, respectively, or .% on average.   these tips will save you time and trouble, making it easier for you to enjoy the party itself.   "these (two) projects are not linked to each other..   these two women, one taiwanese and one chinese, are to run for the presidency, one representing the country’s reconstruction, and one representing the colonial system.   the seventh-seeded bouchard won the match in minutes.   the seventies on cnn thursdays at p.m. et/pt why we made "the seventies" monday at p.m. et/pt what's your 's personality?   the severe weather turned deadly earlier wednesday when a tree blew over onto a house in arkansas, killing an -year-old woman and trapping a one-year-old child inside, authorities said.   “these were some of the things i trained in for a number of years with the australian military, and then experienced for almost years in afghanistan.”   these were the biggest hacks at black hat and def con read more ubrani noted that fitbit only sells basic wearables, a category that is expected to decline over the next few years, as opposed to smart wearables such as the apple watch.   the sex crimes unit is investigating.   the sexualized non-state torture they suffered has not been named until now," she said.   the shanghai composite is now officially in bear market mode after a %-plus selloff since mid-june.   the shanghai health department said in an emailed statement to reuters it had been difficult to identify all victims immediately as some of the injured had been unconscious and it had contacted relatives as quickly as possible.   the share of mothers who were unemployed in the u.s. rose from % in to % in in the u.s., according to a pew study.   the shares climbed in each of the previous six years.   the sharpest barbs came from chicago teachers union president karen lewis, who called rauner “(wisconsin gov.) scott walker on steroids.”   the sheer number and caliber of respondents who took part far surpassed our wildest expectations.   the shellfish giant: 'the lobster' makes a big cannes splash by jill lawless hours ago cannes, france (ap) — yorgos lanthimos has people in cannes imagining themselves as animals.   the sheriff failed to produce the related paperwork, and said the deputy who certified bates now works for the us secret service force that protects the president and his family.   “the shift from traditional to online advertising is accelerating, and clearly impacting tv,” ben swinburne, a morgan stanley analyst, wrote in a july note to investors.   the shi'ite-led government in baghdad has intensified security in the city this week ahead of plans to ease access to the fortified green zone and eliminate no-go zones set up by militias and political parties.   the ship is missing its portside anchor, which trotter believes implies that it was deployed and ended up becoming detached.   the ship was off the coast of brazil when two torpedoes sank it.   the shocking photos helped catalyze public opinion behind a high-profile crackdown on militant activity by australian prime minister tony abbott, as a result of which the government has secured expanded but controversial security powers.   the shock revelation was made in a joint report by political think tank demos and multinational accounting firm pwc.   "the shoes we got are awesome," tarun observed.   the shooter, chris harper mercer, was not treated at the hospital.   the shooter was a man dressed in a light gray jacket, black pants and black shoes.   the shooting happened just before :pm on wednesday night.   the shooting in pasco, an agricultural city of , that is mostly hispanic, was captured on video and widely viewed on social media.   the shooting occurred about a week after the conviction of james holmes in the aurora, colorado, theater shooting that left people dead and people wounded.   the shooting occurred shortly before noon sunday in the block of san pedro.   the show also examines how artists of color influence dominant culture and are influenced by it.   the show has totally been set in a real environment.   the show runs nightly on a loop from : p.m. to p.m. until jan. . watch her interview with cbc ottawa's adrian harewood above.   the show was taped for broadcast on wfuv.   the show will feature classic s hits holding out for a hero and let's hear it for the boy and of course the unforgettable title track, footloose.   the signatories included leading figures globally in academia and business studying artificial intelligence — the idea that computer systems could replicate tasks normally requiring human intelligence, such as language translation or visual perception.   the signing is only supposed to last three hours.   the silver-haired mattarella, a widower with three grown children, has been living in the modest quarters of constitutional court justices in rome.   the similarities between the characters don't stop there.   the simple en-suite rooms have stunning balcony or terrace views of the mediterranean sea.   the simulation/tribute band 'queen: it's a kinda magic' does an incredible job of recreating the queen sensation.   the singapore-based startup, which aimed to release the buccaneer early in , says it has only fulfilled around percent of its total orders due to a lack of cash flow.   the singer/actress wore a leopard-print jacket, a graphic tee and a pair of tight leather pants.   the singer had been dogged by substance abuse problems throughout his career.   the singer handed himself in at a toronto police station, where he was mobbed by fans and tv crews.   the single currency hit a nine-year low of $. last week on expectations the european central bank will soon launch a large-scale program of government bond purchases to help ward off the threat of deflation in the flagging euro zone economy.   the single from the recording session in hamburg was released only in germany.   the sistine chapel was designed by architect giovanni dei dolci.   the site also explains of the institute's founding couple that "steve and lokita carter are equal, creative and sexy tantric life partners.   "the site has already suffered four years of conflict, it suffered from looting and represents an irreplaceable treasure for the syrian people and for the world," she said in a statement.   the site is also home to the saint hormizd monastery, carved out of the mountainside.   the sites also listed on average less than one of the four safety tips recommended by the american academy of pediatrics: . keep guns unloaded. . store ammunition separately from guns.   the site's new gateway, which has restaurants, shops and a visitor's center, subtly transfers the visitor from the dense urban setting of wadi musa to the serene journey into petra.   the situation had worsened since russia launched air strikes three weeks ago, he said.   "the situation has improved since i arrived," dobrescu tells dw.   the situation here is symbolic for the confusion along what has become known as the "balkans route."   “the situation is quite critical,” said jay famiglietti, a senior water scientist at nasa told the washington post.   "the situation is simply too volatile, too dangerous, and it is not going to lead to the outcome that people want, which is to have a peaceful resolution of the differences," kerry said.   the situation seems unpromising, if not downright depressing.   the sivuliqtiksat program, which provides on-the-job training for beneficiaries who want to work in management, has been in place since .   the six-month u.s. yield is basis points and the euro zone equivalent is - basis points, giving a spread of basis points.   the sixth convict, vietnamese woman tran thi bich hanh, was executed in the boyolali district in central java.   the six were the first people executed under new indonesian president joko "jokowi" widodo, who has disappointed rights activists by voicing support for capital punishment.   the size of the doubled search area, the equivalent of more than , square miles, would be bigger than the u.s. state of pennsylvania.   the skull belonged to a young adult of unknown sex and human species.   the sky+ box quickly became the best recording system due to its simplicity and ease of use, and led to a huge increase in subscriptions to sky as a direct result of this extra functionality.   the skylark unit consists of a ground control element and three drones, which provide battalion-level commanders with real-time information.   the slain women's father, psychiatrist mohammad abu-salha, addressed members of congress at a public forum on violence against muslims in october.   the slide struck on a clear saturday morning after weeks of heavy rains.   "the slide will be built on a platform so the participants will enjoy the excitement of the ride," says lee.   the slogan "press on" has solved and will always solve the problems of the human race."   the slovenian born model now has her own jewelry and caviar-cream skincare lines.   the small chain already has , instagram followers.   the small crowd included britain's prince harry, in new zealand on a short official visit.   “the smaller ones we sell as baby leaf kelp—it’s real thin, sort of translucent, and has a subtler, slightly sweeter base.”   the small town of thorhild, north of edmonton, is reeling following the devastating loss of one of their landmark churches.   the small venue strategy is intentional, though.   the smartphones will be the standard-bearers for android ., also known as marshmallow.   the smithsons could be elegant designers when they wanted to be.   the smokehouse at cormier brothers fisheries in cap-pelé was destroyed by the fire.   the smoking ban is perhaps a good case in point.   the snapdragon processor keeps things running smoothly, the battery life is solid, android marshmallow is great, the fingerprint scanner is quite and reliable, and the camera is the best we have ever seen from htc.   the sneaky malware has been found lurking in software designed to help poker fans play better, said the security firm that found it.   the snow also delayed until wednesday jury selection for the federal trial of the accused boston marathon bomber, dzhokhar tsarnaev.   the snowden revelations in june caused an international outcry, despite us administrations insisting the programme has been fully authorised.   the snowplow had stalled on a set of train tracks in mont-st-hilaire.   the snow storm is part of the same weather system, known as a pineapple express, that is bringing heavy moisture to much of the province's coast.   the snow will slowly taper off this evening with clearing skies overnight, environment canada says.   the so-called core capital goods orders were previously reported to have declined . percent in february.   the social breeder incident has already become legendary.   the social democrats plan to enter into a unity government in october and are to work with a caretaker cabinet named by gruevski's vmro-dpmne party.   the social network is testing multiple news feeds inside its mobile app, as the feature is live for select users.   the social network said it would utilise the function more widely in the wake of november's terrorist attacks in paris.   the society has bottle collection sites, formerly operated by child find alberta, inside businesses around the city.   the society is collapsing, while the elites are murmuring amid dying economy and international isolation.   "the socio-economic benefits this will bring to the area will be immense and demonstrates our commitment to the regeneration of this priority borough in london."   the software maker will also likely detail its plans for the spartan browser across pcs, phones, and tablets.   the solution developed by the johns hopkins team was to create a literal barrier between the children and the dangers of bangladesh's many waterways - in the form of locally made wooden and plastic playpens.   the solution, he argued, would be to increase response capabilities in order to deter any possible russian aggression.   the solution must be in line with the minsk agreement, she said.   "the song celebrates the positive contributions of immigrants in the united states as a balance to the negativity being expressed publicly," it said.   the song's namesake album held the title of the best-selling country lp by a solo female artist from until shania twain broke its record in , rolling stone magazine said.   the son of cuban immigrants, rubio has used his family's rags to riches, american dream story to paint a picture of himself as connected to ordinary americans and to illustrate his economic policies.   the son of one of argentina's richest men, mr macri was already signing business deals aged with us tycoon donald trump.   the sons and grandsons of confederate soldiers had recently fought alongside the descendents of union men, president mckinley noted.   the sooners have won five straight nonconference road games since , including wins against no. notre dame in (-) and no. florida state in (-).   the soon to be shooting in the bay area motion picture is the version with the rights to walter isaacson's acclaimed jobs biography.   the sordid tale of sex, race and violence has inspired others to tell mccollum's story, with different conclusions about her motivations.   the sound of , amateur yodelers isn't the most pleasant sounding in the world.   the source said authorities had not yet identified two of the stadium attackers or the other man killed in the saint-denis residence in addition to abaaoud, but identification efforts were still underway.   the source said revenue would grow month-by-month in the remainder of this year to achieve record-high annual revenue this year.   the sources had no details on the new weapons that would be displayed, but china has an ambitious high-tech development program, including anti-satellite and anti-aircraft carrier missiles as well as stealth fighter jets.   the sources said the deal was likely to be announced on monday.   the source warned against expecting romney to endorse anyone in the near future, or perhaps at all, saying the gop nominee will be out helping the party, but not necessarily for any one candidate.   the sousse attack represented the second blow in three months to tunisia's tourism industry, an important sector for the country.   the south african government insists it was a legitimate payment to promote caribbean football.   the south african is betting on the "lohas" (lifestyles of health and sustainability) market, among the fastest growing consumer groups in the united states and estimated to be worth almost $ billion, according to the natural marketing institute.   the south african recorded one eagle and eight birdies but also bogeys and a double bogey over the four in his first irish open appearance in years.   the south carolina general assembly is now debating the issue of the confederate flag on its statehouse grounds.   the southeast asian nation was suspended from all international competitions by fifa on may due to governmental interference in the operation of the game.   the southern movement has been staging a regular sit-in in central aden since mid-october to demand secession.   the southern poverty law center, which researches u.s. hate groups, said the attack illustrates the dangers that home-grown extremists pose.   the souvenir shop mixes creativity with the traditional craft, and sells not only fabric and clothing, but also stationery and household decorations made from banana fiber.   the s&p is coming off its sixth straight weekly gain, a streak that pushed it within . percent of its may record.   the s&p posted new -week highs and lows; the nasdaq composite recorded new highs and new lows.   the space prioritized the voices of trans women of color, and included prominent activists, speakers and musicians such as jennicet guttierez, ashley love of transforming media, jennifer thompson of csu fullerton and alexandra grey.   the spaceship was launched from kazakhstan on april, but control was lost soon afterwards.   the spd finance expert also warned angela merkel's cdu party against influencing domestic politics in greece.   the speaker of the house and the vice president traditionally sit behind the featured guest during a congressional address.   "the special coordinator underlined the importance of effective and urgent decision-making by the cabinet," the statement said.   the special investigation faces fresh scrutiny months after it was empanelled, with democrats charging it is more interested in ruining clinton's campaign than reaching conclusions about how the executive branch handled the attack and its aftermath.   the special master found several problems, and his report set the foundation for negotiations between inmates and prison leaders on what needed to be fixed to close the lawsuit.   the special use permit will only be valid for one year and must be renewed annually.   the specific diagnosis depends on the time of night when you have the nighttime symptoms.   the spectacular crash and street race between the drivers of a lamborghini and a dodge viper, dec. on highway was captured on dash cam video.   the speed of innovation is accelerated with disruptive technologies like mobility, social networking, big data, cloud computing, mobile apps and the internet of things.   the speedy giants hit four triples in a game for the first time in years, including a pair by belt in a - win over the san diego padres on thursday.   the spending comes as trump continues to adjust to the new realities of an evolving campaign in which he is no longer the undisputed front-runner of the republican field.   the spending cuts could actually cost the government money, koskinen said.   the spending measure — dubbed "the omnibus" inside the capital beltway — is an amalgam of spending bills distributing the $. trillion portion of the budget that's set each year at the discretion of lawmakers.   the spice mixture also shows up in a less traditional format at the bar, where the restaurant’s signature bloody mary is rimmed with togarashi.   the spill happened overnight, between saturday and sunday.   the spill made its impact far greater and more evident, disrupting thousands of lives and livelihoods.   the spill was the largest to hit the ecologically sensitive shoreline northwest of los angeles since a massive blowout dumped up to , barrels into the santa barbara channel.   the spinoff may now hinge on the opinion of skadden, arps, slate, meagher & flom, the law firm assessing the tax implications of the deal.   the spitfires host essex eagles at tunbridge wells on sunday (.am) having enjoyed a run to the semi-finals of last year’s inaugural competition and topped the south group in this year’s natwest t blast, securing a home quarter-final next month.   the spokesman points out that it is standard procedure to look at every possible factor.   the sponsor is simeon snow and the coach is ella loveless.   the spread they found was not dependent on location, leading researchers to believe that national media coverage of a mass shooting might play a role.   the spy agency has previously declined to comment on the stuxnet attack against iran.   the squaws defeated tattnall county, to ; appling county, to ; and west laurens, to . the squaws are now and four overall.   “the staff were a bit surprised by our visit and tried to reassure us that the stoles were not made from real fox fur.   the stains were in the upper left chest area and on both sleeves, said wentzell.   the stakes are high as the country is still digesting one of the most historic terms in recent history, which included blockbuster cases on obamacare and same-sex marriage.   the stamp, unveiled at nelson mandela park public school in toronto, features a photograph taken on mandela’s first visit to canada in , just four months after his release from prison.   the standard & poor’s index lost . percent while the stoxx europe tumbled . percent and germany’s dax index extended its two-day slide to percent.   the standoff between president obama and republicans in congress over whether to raise the ceiling in caused u.s. debt to lose its aaa rating.   the standoff ended after the cabin caught on fire when dorner took his own life in the cabin's basement.   the star back was injured on the first play from scrimmage in the - loss.   the star gathered that the police were summoned after unsuspecting persons who went to use the atm, were left in shock and fear after seeing two car batteries and a gas cylinder hooked up to the machine).   the star isn't known for sharing much about her private life, but when she does she drops some doozies.   the start is really tricky here.   the state appealed young's ruling, and the th circuit court of appeals granted a stay that put each of those marriages in limbo.   the state budget in disarray, eight years of cuts to higher education, too many of our roads and bridges in complete disrepair and too many of our best and brightest having to leave the state for good opportunity," vitter told supporters.   the state campaign director, longtime new hampshire democratic activist kurt ehrenberg, said that he and his small staff were just trying to catch up with the budding “movement” that sanders has generated around the country.   the state cant even make it mandatory for kids to wear helmets, what makes you think and adult needs to wear one.   the state constitution calls for a special election that will come in november .   the state could still ask the supreme court to issue a stay.   the state democratic party will decide this month whether to strip the names of two slave-owning u.s. presidents, thomas jefferson and andrew jackson, from the moniker of its -year-old annual fundraising dinner.   the state department also revealed that it plans to release , pages of clinton emails by january .   the state department first acknowledged our request, and agreed to expedite its processing.   the state department of corrections and community supervision did not immediately respond to a request for comment from nbc news.   the state department of transportation has also started treating roads where snow and ice is expected.   the state department of transportation says two males and one female were on board.   the state department said tuesday they will be published online after that review process, which will take months.   the state department's worldwide travel alert warns us citizens to possible risks of travel due to increased terrorism attacks by groups like isis, al-qai'da and boko haram.   the state doesn't work.   the state gave scituate permission to dump snow into the ocean because there was nowhere else to put it.   the state legislature, which lost state sen. clementa pinckney, emanuel's top pastor, in the shooting, responded by voting overwhelmingly this week to take the flag down.   the statement also said a ypg vehicle came under heavy fire from the turkish military in a village east of the devastated border city of kobani.   the statement goes on to say dillon hillier would need time to re-adjust and reunite with friends and family before any further public statement is made.   the statement of claim asks the court to demand the restaurant to destroy its menus, signs, packaging, promotional material and business cards with the donair king name.   the state of illinois executed serial killer john wayne gacy, , for the murders of young men and boys.   the state of the world's volunteerism report is the first global survey of volunteers' impact in this sphere.   the state prosecutor said in a statement on its website that it had begun the indictment process into liao and sun and that both had been placed in detention.   the state requires notification when an officer is fired for misconduct that could lead to decertification, including convictions and noncriminal activity.   the state's renowned golf courses are limited in how much water-thirsty grass they can plant.   the state’s youth are more susceptible than most.   the statewide commission has already approved eight charter schools, with six scheduled to open next fall.   the state will spend $ billion (£ billion) on an income of $ billion.   the state with the second-highest number of measles cases is arizona, which has seven, the cdc reports.   the station had skipped its usual news cut-ins at : and : am.   the statistics are certainly concerning: years back, players used to run around five kilometers per game, these days some players run kilometers a game.   the statue, currently in possession of a dutch private collector, was being housed at the hungarian natural history museum as a part of a european tour.   the staunchly independent country artist was always a thorn in the side of music row's record executives.   the stay request is widely considered a long shot, at least when it first goes to hanen.   the st. john's team will continue as the icecaps.   the st. louis area’s racial and economic segregation is the result of decades of discriminatory housing practices and unregulated suburban development.   the st. louis county economic development (stl) partnership says that in total buildings were burned in the aftermath, and businesses were damaged by protests, looting and loss of foot traffic.   the stock jumped more than . percent to boost the dow transports more than . percent.   the stock market has been crazier than miley ray cyrus' outfits at the mtv video awards.   the stock plunged .%, and that’s a pretty good setup for step . step . put an end to the ceo drama.   the stock prices of the five largest for-profit insurers have tripled and in some cases quadrupled since the law was passed.   the stock repurchase program will expire march , .   the stonehenge bluestones are of volcanic and igneous rocks, the most common of which are called dolerite and rhyolite.   the stonewall riots, which took place at the stonewall inn, a popular gay meeting place, went down in history and are remembered each year with gay pride events in various cities around the world.   the stop in hialeah was one of three bush made in florida on monday.   the store owner later apologized to henson and issued a statement saying that "racial profiling is never acceptable, and we deeply regret how the circumstances unfolded."   the stories sparked a congressional investigation that eventually led to president nixon's resignation in .   the storms will continue sunday in areas from the gulf of mexico to new england, according to weather.   the story demonstrates how tuborg always aspire to bring colors of fun to people.   the story of escobar's rise and fall is as bloody and dramatic as anything you'd find in fiction, and the -episode series will have the opportunity to chronicle it in painstaking detail.   the story opens with bradley’s brother, sterne, rear-ending a car that stops suddenly in front of him.   the story reported the results of a six-year study that found the women were almost five times as likely to develop the disease, prior to menopause, as women in a control group.   “the story simply does not hold up to scrutiny – and, sadly, is in line with hersh’s recent turn away from the investigative reporting that made him famous into unsubstantiated conspiracy theories,” writes fisher.   the story: the bar stool rodeo burger fits right into the electric-rock vibe at the latest restaurant and bar from jackie greenbaum (el chucho, bar charley).   the story was also accompanied by a photo of eramo, which she described in her letter as "cartoonish" and "doctored" to make her look like she was flashing a thumbs-up to a crying victim.   the strain on family life is something mps are asked about when they recruit new candidates, liberal mp chrystia freeland says.   the strategic environment is always challenging and driving the university to search innovation and new institutional values.   the strategic 'horse' is therefore all important - the challenge for clients once they have a digital plan they can believe in to drive business success is in breaking out of the huge gravitational pull of their existing culture, technology and budgeting.   the street is one of the city's busiest.   the street where the accident took place is about meters ( feet) wide, with tall gates to the left and right.   the stress and anxiety of christmas is often raised, for many, many families but particularly where there is domestic violence evident.   the strike hit a compound in the afghanistan-pakistan border region, according to the us government.   the strike was called by the labor union verdi, following a similar move in hamburg and lower saxony on tuesday.   the students fundraised more than $, to travel to europe — a 'dream trip' organized by student support teacher heather mcisaac.   the students say revisions to high-school textbooks present a warped version of history slanted toward china and are aimed at brainwashing them to accept a "one china" policy.   the student was "very, very close to death" and is back in the hospital, boyle said.   the studies will evaluate the vulnerabilities of the waterfront and which areas are priorities to fix.   the studio says a director for "temple" will be announced shortly.   the study also showed that of the random killers lived with their parents.   the study analyzed episodes involving active gunmen, where a shooting was in progress when law enforcement officers responded.   the study by measure of america found the bakersfield-metro area has the second highest rate of disconnected youth in the country.   the study compared students attending schools assigned at random to either receive or not receive the botvin lifeskills training (lst) high school program, which was adapted from the evidence-based lst middle school program.   the study drives home the long-term dangers of bullying and highlights the need to stop it where it starts, bowes said.   the study identifies some key segments that drive current category growth, and also builds an awareness of where opportunities may be stronger for future growth," explains escobedo.   "the study in question was a social science based survey conducted by wada and a team of researchers at the athletes' village in daegu.   the study published thursday, for which researchers reviewed . million u.s. accounts anonymously, acknowledges an “echo chamber” effect in which users predominantly see views they agree with.   the study team recruited pregnant women being treated at a university of maryland outpatient clinic for an anonymous survey.   the study team sent out electronic visual surveys and received responses from plastic surgeons in countries.   the study was inspired by some new metadata, the data behind the data, that provided clues that scientists weren’t properly accounting for certain types of measurements.   the study was presented at the british psychological society annual conference in manchester.   the study was published recently in the journal frontiers in psychology.   the study was published thursday in jama oncology.   the stunning arena, which has remained largely empty since then, was sparked into life with a passionate and very vocal chinese crowd.   the subscriber gains overshadowed a per cent drop in netflix's second-quarter earnings as the company invested heavily in an international expansion aimed at making its internet video service available throughout the world by the end of next year.   the subsidies are what make obamacare plans affordable for most enrollees.   the success of soular sunday depends in part on a welcoming, relaxing atmosphere, one that competes with the troubled history of the park.   the sudden increase caught motorists off guard on wednesday afternoon, including burrows mla melanie wight.   the suggestion by republican john mccain and democrat dianne feinstein is a direct challenge to the president, who has said he doesn't want to increase the u.s. military presence in yemen despite the deteriorating security condition in that country.   the suit states dickinson has been re-victimized and her reputation has suffered because of pointed denials by cosby's attorney that the comedian drugged and raped her in a lake tahoe, california, hotel room more than years ago.   the summer after graduation, the couple raided their savings account to put down a down payment on a reasonably priced home with two apartments.   the summit has also provided a chance for a show of public unity between afghanistan and pakistan at a time of tension between the two neighbors.   the summit, which opened with a -gun salute and later friday will feature a state dinner, comes at a time when the two great powers are seeking to find areas of cooperation on issues like climate and terrorism.   the sunday times has a photograph of the man it says was piloting the plane.   the sunflower - now the khaosan world reservation-only facility for foreign travellers - is the latest "love hotel" to be converted into a backpackers' hostel following a surge in foreign tourism and a declining number of young people in japan.   the sun goes with the rather clever headline "'halloumi left' win in greece", describing it as a "stunning" result for alexis tsipras's party.   the sun looks like another planet.   the sun rises behind the billowing chimneys of a power station in berlin, november , .   the supermodel was reportedly being "disruptive."   the supporting cast is filled with expert comic players, many of them culled from the past and present snl ranks.   the supporting cast of the cavaliers will be critical as will the health of all-star guard kyrie irving who missed two games of the conference final due to an ailing left knee.   the supreme court has never struck down an immigration classification on the basis of race or any other reason, said temple university immigration expert peter spiro.   the supreme court now has to rule on measures enacted by his administration that would shield four million undocumented migrants from deportation.   the supreme court on tuesday reduced his sentence to months in prison, and acquitted him of one of the charges.   the supreme national security council will be the responsible authority for this topic.   the surge came as donors cut back on funding for groups supporting syrian refugees.   the surge comes after stewart had declared his team unworthy of making the chase in august.   the surgeon puts their hand inside an exoskeleton with magnetic sensors that measure the hand's position.   the surp giragos church is the largest armenian church in the middle east.   the surprising thing is that they express love for their jobs more often than they express hate.   the survey also found that marijuana users are more likely to find themselves in an accident, mostly because they are more likely to be in groups at higher risk of crashes, the nhtsa survey said.   the survey comes a day before boe officials publish their latest economic outlook and interest rate decision, which economists polled by reuters predict will be split for the first time this year.   the survey data, which offer the most recent detailed picture of cancer trends in taiwan, showed that percent of those diagnosed with the disease bypassed treatment, because they were old and did not think it was necessary.   the survey had a margin of error of . percentage points.   the survey had an interactive design in which the surgeons were shown an image of a model and were asked to adjust the image to display smaller or larger areolas and fuller or less full upper area of the breasts.   the survey showed mixed views about the merits of government surveillance.   the survey showed that % of respondents were focused on improving risk management processes in , linking information resource protection to business objectives.   the surveys measured areas that are predictive of high-performing cultures and combined those scores with the employee net promoter score to create a cumulative cultureiq score (ciq), which is what determined the ranking.   the survivors managed to live for nearly a month — in winter — despite struggling to shore with almost nothing.   the suspect allegedly tried and failed to cut tejada off in traffic, and proceeded to exit his car with a baseball bat in hand.   the suspect, named by media on sunday as omar abdel hamid el-hussein, was shot right by the norrebro train station on the corner of a busy intersection marked by brightly lit shawarma grilled meat cafes, currency exchanges and other shops.   the suspects and sullivan's car were later found in wyoming.   the suspect was described as a white man in his early s.   the suspect was taken to a hospital but later died.   the swiss even stepped up his intensity to start the second set, needing just a few strokes to win the opening game.   the swiss franc slid against all of its major peers and crude oil fell.   the swiss government is our protecting power in tehran that, since we don’t have an embassy there, they pass messages for us.   the syrian army said at least five civilians died and scores were wounded as a result of what it said was "terrorist shelling" of residential areas the city.   the syrian city, also known as ayn al-arab, had been under assault by isis since mid-september.   the syrian observatory for human rights confirmed the ypg had reestablished control over the tel abyad district raided on tuesday.   the system calculates the speed by using data gathered by sensors under the road and on ramps and putting it through an algorithm from the university of alberta's centre for smart transportation.   the system detects movements through a radar sensor in a car’s grille that scans the road ahead and through a light-sensitive, high-resolution camera on its windscreen.   the tablets are available in january.   the takeover of kobani, which the u.s. says is now percent complete, has put the extremists on the defensive.   the takeover reflects verizon's growing video ambitions and its desire to marry that with its own mobile prowess.   the talented -year-old offensive tackle said he planned to take a "year or so" off to allow his "brain and body" time to heal.   the taliban's rise and fall photos afghans look into omar's bedroom as they go through his compound on the outskirts of kandahar on december , .   the talks have been going for almost two years.   the target of the deal is steelbrick, a startup making quote-to-cash software.   "the task was set up to ensure the transformation of more than shareholding companies, design bureaus and research institutes into joint-stock companies in a short period of time."   the taurid shower generally shoots about two to meteors across the sky per hour, the society said.   the tax strategy was recommended to municipal council tuesday because finance officials are concerned about a "softening" of the economy and a lacklustre real estate market.   the tdsb had previously said it would have to input . million entries to produce report cards.   "the teachers, the students, the fans far and wide, are all a part of a masterpiece that exhibits 'bulldog pride,'" williams said.   the teacher was sacked in december , having been at the school for three months, she added.   the teals program, which was placed in partner schools in states this past school year, relies on the help of local volunteers with computer science degrees to educate students within their communities.   the team admits its product is in the early stages of development.   the team can register up to players, including three goalies, who are not involved in the nhl playoffs.   the team found the seal while sifting through archaeological remains from a trash heap found outside what was once the royal building, essentially the food pantry for the ancient kingdom.   the team has one more group stage match against nigeria on tuesday.   the team he's assembled is young, but what they lack in experience, they make up for with enthusiasm for carson and his message.   the team is down - in the american league championship series against the kansas city royals.   the team of had been recovering bodies at the crash site, some kilometers ( miles) south of the peninsula's northern city of el-arish.   the team said that already has plans to create new impacto modules for the abdominal region and shoulders.   the teams came back for one over during which zimbabwe, chasing a revised target of in overs under the duckworth-lewis formula, added eight more runs without losing a wicket.   the team’s findings point to the continuation of a trend that apple and its investors enjoyed very much in and the first half of : ever-increasing iphone asps.   the teams on the bracket fence dodged a bullet saturday when rhode island lost to dayton in the atlantic semifinals.   the teamsters wanted browning ferris to be named a joint employer so it would have to join leadpoint at the bargaining table.   “the team tasked with asset allocation will take charge of that,” he said.   the team was fired upon when they entered the home and returned fire, killing the nine men.   the team will work all day—from around a.m. to p.m.—running empty cans from nearly ceiling-high pallets through a conveyor belt of carbon dioxide injectors and lid sealers.   the team won the city championship in and , before the ussr league system formed a year later.   the tea was decorated with lilac tablecloths and vases of tulips.   the tech giant is expected to unveil its latest products at its annual developers conference.   the technical standards & safety authority originally laid charges against the water park for alleged safety violations in and , but prosecutors withdrew nine of those charges in february due to lack of evidence.   the technique currently has an accuracy of about %, which is not enough to protect “a room or computer full of secrets,” as new scientist puts it.   the technology is designed to use the copper wiring built into walls as an antenna to gauge moisture and temperature in homes and businesses.   the technology raises questions about privacy rights and intrusion, and adib said the team gave serious thought to those implications.   the tech of computex computex never fails to surprise its attendees with what can be done with technology, some items though, should never have left the drawing board.   the teenager was stabbed to death in a frenzied knife attack in an alleyway off london road, greenhithe, almost years ago on january , .   the teenager who committed the crime pleaded guilty to gross indecency, but the parents say the daycare where it happened has received only a slap on the wrist.   the teen was sentenced to five years in the ohio department of youth services, followed by an additional three years for the gun specification.   the teen went underwater at around p.m. sunday, seattle firefighters said.   the telegraph's editorial says the decision to exclude the igcses "makes a mockery" of the league tables.   the televised diamond league meetings that i compete in are plagued by athletes returning from bans, some of whom have made the wrong choice not once, but twice.   the temperature of surface ocean water can vastly affect the temperature of nearby land areas.   the tension in the middle east is escalating."   the tensions over policing and crime come when, for the first time in a generation, unusual political forces have aligned and the nation appears on the verge of relaxing tough criminal sentencing laws.   the term january forces refers to those who took part in the uprising that led to mubarak standing down the following month.   “the term of the previous laureate, julio marzán, a puerto rican poet, had just ended.   the terms of his release have not yet been made public, but will in all likelihood allow him some movement and to get a job approved by prison authorities.   "the territory where torture occurs and people are held in legal limbo isn't under cuban jurisdiction."   the terroir of his home, however bountiful in the short summer, was barren in the long winter, providing challenges that led redzepi to forage in fields and the shoreline for ingredients.   the terrorists in sirte, on the other hand, are free to move to the west and into the sahara.   the test had to be cancelled, a team doctor said.   the testimony from each side depicted sharply different conditions for the whales — one caring and nurturing, the other harsh and heartless.   the testing process should take about years to clear the backlog.   the tests have been recognized internationally as violations of the right to non-discrimination and the prohibition of "cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment" under international human rights treaties that indonesia has ratified, hrw said.   the texas rangers are investigating the circumstances surrounding bland's death monday, july , in a waller county jail cell in hempstead, texas.   the text is not absolutely neutral.   the thai investigation into the bangkok bombing is gaining momentum, says the bbc's jonathan head.   the theft happened in april last year.   the thefts have occurred in the west and southwest section of the city and most belong to get a cab.   the theory is the further someone has to click on google or bing to find negative information about a person, the less likely that info will impact their lives.   the thing he brought from home to teach so many to make, and still makes.   the thing is, when i did, he seemed to get it.   the things that'll be constant will be housing and the consumer.   the thing that always surprises me most when i talk to clemantine is her human-centric outlook on life.   the thing that's weird is as much as jay z's been talking about this radical transparency and this new paradigm, he's made absolutely no reference to numbers, to actual royalty rates, none of that stuff.   "the thinking all along this year was we could move to increase it, some sort of a modest increase," the official said.   the third man, who was unharmed, received $,.   the third rate, known as the simadi rate, was just introduced in february.   the third-seeded fighting irish will play no. northeastern.   the third song from the last was richards’s growly take on the old standard “goodnight irene.”   the thought of being left all alone with his angry neighbours was just too scary.   the threat for severe weather will diminish into the second half of the weekend as the system moves on to impact the northeast on sunday and into the next workweek.   the threats were part of an audio message purportedly from the group's spokesman.   the three accused killers, morrison haze lampley, lila scott alligood, and sean michael angold, were observed hanging around the haight for a while prior to their alleged robbery and killing spree, "acting so edgy they even spooked the street folks."   the three alleged smugglers were sent home to china —where it is unclear if and when they will face charges.   the three are among eight youth activists who petitioned the state last year to adopt stricter science-based regulations to protect them against climate change.   the three are now charged with sex trafficking.   the three candidates have been going to constituencies across the province, seeking support from those delegates in advance of the convention.   the three days of horror in january left people dead.   the three donations of $, each in , and were made to the foundation set up by former president bill clinton because of the organization's work on global aids prevention and deforestation, stephanopoulos said.   the three girls, aged to , flew to turkey from london on tuesday without leaving any messages behind.   the three most commonly-advanced hypotheses that i am aware of: . “investors are more likely to sell stocks as they return from their summer vacations.”   the three others were expected to survive.   the three parties sponsoring today's debate say abandoning trident renewal would be one of their key policy demands in a hung parliament after the general election.   the three researchers — tomas lindahl, paul modrich, and aziz sancar — have contributed to our understanding of how cells are able to constantly diagnose and fix the barrage of problems.   the three rivers west shell station in three rivers sold the only winning ticket in the $. million drawing wednesday night.   the three-story red building houses two throne rooms and the royal family's private apartments.   the three suspects, who range in age from -, are each charged with theft over $, and possession of property obtained by crime over $,.   the three-way split into material sciences, specialty products, and seeds and agrichemicals, is likely to occur to months after the deal closes.   the tide certainly pass the eye test, but its good wins keep getting dinged.   "the tiger believed to have been involved in the incident was mai, an -year-old, malayan tiger," it said.   the time frames set out will see the government consult on draft legislation in october this year, consult on the exposure draft in december, and introduce the bill in the second quarter of .   the time is now for a new approach to leadership!   the times generated an enormous amount of attention this spring -- including from new york governor andrew cuomo -- with a damning series on new york city nail salons.   the times highlights the concerns of families this will mean the finding will be "neutered" by the security services before publication.   the times of northwest indiana (bit.   the times reports that the attackers referred to the prophet muhammad, saying he was “avenged."   the times reports that the main union representing the air france workers has condemned the clash, but also criticised the "strong arm tactics" employed by the company's security against staff who had been "sitting quietly".   the times says the us is ready to starve russia of access to western credit if president putin fails to meet demands for peace in ukraine.   the tiny town is a mountain outpost that can be enjoyed without the annoyance of cycle pubs and brewery-hopping tourists.   “the tipping system, as it is, has completely lost any value that it may have ever had,” he said during an interview with fox business network’s maria bartiromo.   the tofino fishing guide says search and rescue craft and helicopters were also on-scene.   the toll in raqa also included two rescue workers, according to abdel rahman, but he said no suspected militants were killed in the three areas hit.   the toll is almost certainly higher.   the tools used to make this map, things like magnetic resonance imaging, are very much like the first satellites sent into orbit to map and remotely sense our planet.   the top mistakes businesses make after a hack entrepreneur day ago carly okyle rajesh de (pronounced day) knows a thing or two about cybersecurity.   the top award in ciff's new directors competition went to chinese writer-director pengfei song for underground fragrance.   the top democrat on the panel, elijah cummings, said the "extremely serious" whistleblower charges show that "republicans have been abusing millions of taxpayer dollars for the illegitimate purpose of damaging hillary clinton's bid for president."   the topical report ranks cities worldwide based on living conditions and challenges affecting lifestyles.   the top names overall in whitehorse are: buddy, bailey, max, maggie and lucy.   the top seed, who lost the final in vienna a year ago at the stadthalle to british no. andy murray, is now on the brink of a place in the english capital.   the toronto real estate board (treb) boasts the largest local association with more than , members, a jump of about per cent since .   the total amount of international aid pledged for haiti between and was $ billion.   the total capital debt is $. billion.   the total number of attackers was not immediately clear.   the total recall tally includes voluntary fixes by some automakers aimed at finding out what is causing the defect.   the toulouse shooting set off a wave of french immigration to israel, with numbers hitting a record high last year of , people, and many believe the trend will accelerate after the paris slayings.   the tourist boat sank off vancouver island late on sunday afternoon.   the tournament final is set for july at b.c. place stadium.   the tower was bathed in red, white and blue floodlights of the french tricolor, with the city's centuries-old slogan - "tossed but not sunk," suggesting an unsinkable city braving stormy seas - projected in white lights near its base.   the town attorney referred questions to donohue, who was hired to represent the borough in the investigation but declined to comment.   the town had recently been retaken by chadian troops who have been helping cameroon fight boko haram.   the town has been hit with criticism over its decision to release the business case for comment over the christmas break and poor notification of residents.   the tractor boys have not played top-flight football since suffering relegation in .   the trade for slugger yoenis cespedes in late july and the return of injured captain david wright helped boost the mets toward their first playoff appearance since .   the traffickers hire everyone.   the traffic stop police chief robert castro said his agency researched the traffic stop after her comments to the magazine.   the tragedy comes as firefighters gained ground on the massive blazes thanks to cooler weather and some rain on wednesday.   "the tragedy of this case is that at a peanut processing plant in middle georgia, protecting the public lost out to increasing of profits.   the train, a special chartered service carrying a group of british holidaymakers and a few indian crew members, derailed at around : pm local time ( gmt).   the train derailed in the city's port richmond neighborhood along the delaware river, near the site of a rail accident that killed people and injured others, according to the national railway historical society.   the training not only promotes better health for the women themselves but also for their families and communities, resulting in decreasing rates of diseases like cholera.   the train was eventually stopped just past north quincy station when crews were able to cut power to the third rail.   the transaction, which still needs approval from both companies' shareholders, is expected to close in the first half of next year.   the transition between teams sometimes becomes difficult and hard to manage, as one group is forced to implement another contractor's plan.   "the transport sector accounts for about percent of germany's total carbon emissions," said maria krautzberger, president of the federal environment agency, at the agency's release of its state of the environment report in berlin.   the "trap queen" rapper was riding his motorcycle when he collided head-on with another vehicle, tmz reports, adding that paramedics treated fetty at the scene before transporting him to a nearby hospital to examine him for possible fractures.   the traumatic year also saw three different team principals, while sergio marchionne replaced luca cordero di montezemolo as president.   the treatments suppress appetite by tinkering with nerve signals, tricking the brain into thinking that the stomach is full.   the tree crashed to the ground as dozens of children who were attending a daycamp at the museum were leaving the building at the end of an otherwise picture-perfect afternoon, city spokesman william boyer said.   the trees are dense and the trail is steep.   the trees are found mostly in somalia and parts of saudi arabia.   the trek is about kilometres without too much incline and takes about five hours.   the trial continues wednesday.   the trial, which began on saturday, only involved two full days of court proceedings — unusual swiftness in the normally slow-moving afghan judicial system.   the tribe hopes to bring up to electronic, bingo-style games to the community center.   the tribunal also accused venezuela of dragging its feet in approving a proposal that would've guided its external auditing of the country's electronic voting system and verification that environment for campaigning was fair.   the tribune also said that, like the original video made public, the new tapes all lack any discernible audio that should have been included - a shortcoming police have previously attributed to unspecified technical problems.   the trim on her dresses is frequently that sort of aubergine or purple.   the trinidad+tobago film festival is presented by flow.   the triplets, whose arrival was announced by the hospital this week, are extremely rare.   the trip was the beginning of mr butler’s love affair with the country, and many visits and adventures followed.   the troika, he said, was a seedy, anti-european construct.   "the trojans are still active," the spiegel online edition quoted a parliamentary source as saying, referring to "trojan" attacks where users are tricked into installing software that can steal data from their computers.   the trooper took off after the speeding vehicle with lights flashing.   the troops carried out a helicopter assault on the prison in nawzad district thursday night, according to a statement from u.s. forces in afghanistan.   the tropical island park, which gets more than a million visitors a year, is about two times the size of the astrodome, and the water slides, beaches, pools and saunas were of little interest to the texas delegation.   the trouble started with the brazilian, andre ramalho, who has seen precious little game action this season - and it showed in the first minute of the game.   the trucking announcement marks the latest initiative aimed at taking more control over how quickly the company can get goods into the hands of its customers.   the trucks in question can offer protection to military personnel on the move but are not close combat vehicles, she added.   "the true north strong and free – pretty amazing when you think about canada and canada's history in the world, what a great country this is and how many great resources we have," said young.   the truly horrifying element is being encouraged to go back to the point in life where you know nothing.   the truro native was also a runner who represented nova scotia at the canada games in sherbrooke, que. police say the two men knew each other and do not believe the homicide is a random act. dalhousie university said both students lived off campus.   the trust also wants to cut sickness.   the truth is everything from our youth will eventually be co-opted.   the truth is that, intriguing as scotland always is, it was in iraq -- and in the reaction to iraq -- where labour got off the winning course.   "the truth is, we don't know what's in this deal.   the ttc paid billions for streetcars from bombardier in .   the ttc says that buses on its d eglinton west are currently diverting along jane street and weston road as a result of the police investigation.   the tumblr is run by microsoft design employee pei-chi hsieh, and the verge understands the images were made for marketing purposes rather than just concept art.   the turnout is likely to be low, with people suffering "election fatigue" after having been to the polls many times over the past four years since the revolution.   the tweet was sensational.   the twin explosions in the southern turkish cities of mersin and seyhan, in the adana province, wounded at least two, though an hdp official said six people were wounded at the scene of the seyhan blast.   the twisting and balancing poses that appear difficult from the outside foster composure and self-awareness--they draw the person back into the inner world.   the twittersphere also weighed in, pointing its finger at everything from politics to rude drivers.   the two allegedly started dating in june.   the two answered criticism from both democratic and republican members of the house foreign affairs committee who claimed the current u.s. policy is too limited.   the two are just happy their house didn’t come down and their windows didn’t break.   the two children, a boy and a girl who are now aged five, were born on the same day in a johannesburg hospital but ended up being taken home and raised by the wrong parents after nurses mixed up their identities.   the two companies banned employees from playing, but local and federal authorities began to investigate whether the sites offered games of chance, essentially gambling.   the two explained that the public would go to the website or bring up the app, create a profile and then the user would be prompted by an interface to apply different structures to the lights.   the two firms are fierce rivals, and xiaomi has also recently launched a new router product, which offers six terabytes of storage and high-speed connections but does not include this setting.   the two have been recovering in the hospital and separate rehabilitation centers since.   the two-hour ama evaluation includes a vision test, a driver questionnaire and a -minute drive.   the two-level set evokes split-screen movie techniques, and contrasting realities.   the two men are unsure how many children they have produced from the six wives they have between them but one thing they are sure of is that their children need to be fit, healthy, and productive.   the two men claimed last month to have discovered the legendary nazi "gold train" near the western polish town of walbrzych in lower silesia.   the two men have been together for five years, and started discussing the prospect of marriage two years ago.   the two men were accused of several pet dog thefts in and around guilin city in southern china's guangxi autonomous region, which they would sell as meat to cafes and eateries.   the two officers were taken to university medical center.   the two percent proficiency seen in eighth grade stood out as especially disappointing.   the two single-stall restrooms are located on the fifth floor of the building outside the mayor's office and city council chamber, and traditional restrooms continue to be available in the building.   the two-term republican governor has seen his support among republican voters in new hampshire grow in recent polls.   the two things that make china’s markets unique were on clear display as shares tumbled by a third over the past month.   the two-time major champion ran to get his racket on the ball, but his shot landed out.   the two were taken in april , with another cleric, italian jesuit paolo dall'oglio, disappearing three months later.   the two will be taking over the series from current "avengers" director, joss whedon, who is preparing for the series second installment, may's highly anticipated "avengers: age of ultron."   the type of leadership i embrace mirrors the digital revolution i've spent my life studying.   the type of scan the doctors wanted was a pet/ct fusion scan, which combines technology from both pet and ct scans, and requires that patients receive an injection of a radioactive tracer that makes tumors appear as bright spots on the scan.   the uaw declined to comment until after union officials have voted on the proposal.   the uber app uses mapping to show users the nearest drivers.   the uk information commissioner's office actually agrees, but with the caveat that the specific case in question is hanging a non-public figure's laundry out to dry for no good reason.   "the uk is now evolving towards a quasi-federal country," said the lse's tony travers.   the u.k. reopened its embassy in tehran in august after a four-year closure.   the uk's air accidents investigation branch (aaib) said friday it had sent a team to investigate the incident but declined to give further details.   "the ultra-precision anti-ship rocket blasted off from a rocket boat.   the ultra-private messaging application lets people share messages or pictures that are encrypted in a way that doesn't even let wickr see them.   the umbrella has now risen to become a symbol.   the un backs hadi as the legitimate leader of yemen.   the un chief is searching for a new envoy to seek a political solution following the resignation of jamal benomar, a moroccan-born diplomat who lost the confidence of saudi arabia and its allies.   the underwater lodge is about three metres from the lakefront building.   the unemployment rate among young people has reached % in some areas.   the unemployment rate in the uk was highest in the north east (.%) of england and lowest in the south west (.%).   the unesco report said the "silver" ingot was just a lead weight, and that the supposed shipwreck was old rubble in a bay of sainte marie, a small island east of madagascar.   the un habitat program says some per cent of nairobi's population lives on just per cent of the city's residential land in these unofficial settlements lacking basic sanitation or regular running water.   the unhcr has condemned the plan.   the unhcr has warned the number could rise to . million by next december.   the u.n. human rights chief estimates that at least people have been killed in burundi since late april, when president pierre nkurunziza announced his bid that was ultimately successful for a third term in office.   the unian logo is a registered trademark (service mark) unian.   the unified ingest service encompasses ingest of both video files and metadata.   the union did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment on whether negotiators had convened or approached the company on friday.   the union flag represents a massive sense of passion and identity and an incredible sense of achievement.   the union is a leader, too, in training and safety and technology applications, and it cares about productivity measurements.   the union of german train drivers will announce an end to the strike action with hours notice.   the union, which represents some , public elementary school teachers, has been in a legal strike position since may . story here.   the unit also operates bakery chain liz gastronomie (麗緻坊), the chinese restaurant chain tien hsiang lo (天香樓) and brasserie liz (麗緻巴賽麗), which focuses on french cuisine.   the united auto workers union on friday night said it had ratified a contract with ford motor.   the united nations st conference of the parties (cop) opens in two weeks in paris, and many anticipate that these talks will be a positive step in addressing climate change on a global scale.   the united nations estimates more than , people have been killed.   the united nations had said that $. billion was needed to support the three states' national recovery plans for the next two years.   the united nations has acknowledged menstrual health requirements as a major issue in its recently ratified sustainable development goals (sdgs).   the united nations has condemned the new restrictions on travel based on nationality.   the united nations office for the co-ordination of humanitarian affairs says there are unconfirmed reports of at least deaths in vanuatu's northeastern islands.   the united nations was ready to help implement a ceasefire, which was the most pressing need, and to launch a political process leading to "credible, inclusive and non-sectarian governance, followed by a new constitution and elections."   "the united states and our partners are not seeking so-called regime change," kerry told reporters in the russian capital after meeting president vladimir putin.   the united states and some other countries involved in the conflict however say moscow is making the situation worse by targeting groups that oppose assad rather than focusing on islamic state group and other jihadists.   the united states and southeast asian nations have called for a halt to such activities.   the united states and the european union have pressed kosovo to address the accusations.   the united states calls witnesses; the defense calls four.   "the united states has been very clear that it does not support the use of coercion and force," he said.   the united states has currently inherited the british interests in the mediterranean, as well as attempts to stop russian inroads into the crimea; these have not ended with the cold war.   the united states has the highest number of tornado occurrences in the world with an average of , tornadoes reported each year.   the united states is in the bottom half of the index, scoring badly in terms of militarization, homicides and fear of violence.   the united states is south korea's closest ally and maintains a military presence that includes , personnel.   the united states, moreover, has launched a number of drone and missile attacks against al-shabaab, killing their leader ahmed godane in .   the united states only recouped about $ billion of the approximately $ billion it put into gm.   the united states, which opposes syrian president bashar assad, has questioned moscow's assertion that it is targeting islamic terrorists in syria, saying the areas hit close to homs are strongholds of the moderate opposition to assad.   the unity government was formed in between the two rival palestinian factions hamas and fatah, following a seven-year rift after hamas took over the gaza strip.   the university has plans for a -per cent increase in tuition for international and graduate students to make up a $ million cut in the latest provincial budget.   the university later said it would share the information with police.   the university of alabama announced in fall that more than minority women were being offered membership in historically all-white sororities after accusations surfaced of black women being denied membership.   the university of colorado and the tibetan association of colorado had announced earlier friday that the office of tibet in washington, d.c., informed them a planned visit would be canceled.   the university’s food manager, sodexo, joined j street in the nationwide pure program designed by shortening and oil producer ventura foods and standard biofuels.   the university, which has over , students, remained on lockdown after the incident; students, faculty and staff were advised to take shelter and stay away from windows.   the unlikely sight of a hen minding a flock of ducklings is now a regular fixture at a recreational farm in hsinchu county’s jhudong township (竹東).   the unlucky applicants will get the $ filing fee back.   the unmanned dragon cargo ship was carrying around , kilograms (, pounds) of gear, and was expected to reach the international space station (iss) in two days' time.   the unnamed man was traveling with a woman in the northern goldfields, about km inland from the coastal city of perth, when their car broke down on sunday between wonganoo and windidda stations.   the un office on drugs and crime (unodc) estimates that the business of smuggling people into europe is worth some million euros annually.   the u.n. security council said turki played a role in the bombings of the u.s. embassies in nairobi, kenya, and dar es salaam, tanzania.   the upcoming new rct segment, entitled positive impact, will explore the selfless contributions of dedicated individuals, who are fulfilling their own sense of purpose and belonging, by improving and elevating the lives of those around them.   the update provides data on chief executives at private nonprofit colleges in the united states.   the "up mini" can manipulate two popular types of plastic to create objects with a maximum dimension of x x centimeters.   the upper senate chamber will debate the bill on thursday, where some changes proposed by the mdc will be considered.   "the upside is it's not a deeply complex play.   the uptick in activity led new orders to return to positive territory.   the urgency of the needs of the people of this great state have convinced me to seriously consider looking at running for california's open senate seat.   the u.s. -year treasury yield gained to . percent.   the u.s. also says it has asked for the iranian government's assistance in finding former fbi agent robert levinson, who went missing in while working for the cia on an unapproved intelligence mission.   the u.s. and the european union, among others, have raised concerns over the process that resulted in nasheed's conviction friday over a top judge's arrest three years ago.   the usa warned that it will release its strategic oil reserves to make russia follow the line.   the u.s. branch of regus, which had a large footprint in silicon valley, filed for bankruptcy in , though the company has since recovered.   the u.s. coast guard oversaw the oil burn after the sinking and subsequent massive oil leak because of the sinking of the deepwater horizon oil platform off the coast of louisiana.   the u.s conference of catholic bishops acknowledged in that some bishops had attempted to cover up abuse.   the us congress has days in which to consider the deal, though mr obama said he would veto any attempt to block it.   the us created particular controversy by flying over islands claimed by china, which taiwan also claims, courting a corresponding challenge from beijing.   the usda's policy requires that the ranch be quarantined.   the u.s. department of homeland security granted idaho an extension to comply with the federal real id act. in the idaho legislature banned the state from complying with the new federal standard that was created after /.   the u.s. diplomats will notify the cuban government before they travel but no longer have to request the government's approval, brennan reports.   the u.s. embassy confirmed akbari's death on monday but declined to comment on the circumstances. advertisement "we offer our sincerest condolences to her family and loved ones on their loss," the u.s. embassy official said.   the us emphasizes that neither side of the taiwan strait should change the “status quo.”   the use of torture was laid bare in a us senate report about the interrogation of al-qaeda suspects following the september , terrorist attacks.   the use of young people caught for relatively minor offenses as confidential informants is going on across the country.   the u.s. federal reserve has arguably been the most effective.   the u.s. federation concluded harding knew about the attack beforehand and engaged in "unethical behavior."   the u.s. fish and wildlife service's office of law enforcement investigates wildlife crimes and regulates wildlife trade.   the u.s. forest service is spending about $ million a week fighting wildfires and will exhaust its firefighting budget next week, agriculture secretary tom vilsack said friday.   the us geological survey says tension has been accumulating and there is a % chance of a similar event occurring in the next three decades.   the u.s. geological survey website showed more than reports of the quake being felt throughout a wide area of central washington.   "the u.s has announced it will be offering a resolution at the september session of the human rights council.   the us have never failed to reach the world cup semi-finals.   the u.s. healthcare system has a big problem: aging americans.   the us is wary of islamabad's reluctance to go after the militant haqqani network in the north waziristan region close to the afghan border.   the us, it said, is “taking china as a rival in africa.'   the u.s. justice department describes the sinaloa cartel as "one of the world's most prolific, violent and powerful drug cartels."   the u.s. justice department said ardit ferizi, , had been charged with hacking the details of , u.s. military personnel and federal employees and handing them over to the militant group in syria so it could target the individuals.   the us military said it happened "despite co-ordination with iraqi security forces on the ground".   the u.s. navy and the national marine mammal foundation have sent volunteers to help.   the u.s. officials were asked about iran's decision to test a ballistic missile a week ago in violation of a u.n. ban that will remain in effect for almost a decade.   the us personnel were on a fact-finding mission.   the us president praised the deal as "an enduring agreement that reduces global carbon pollution and sets the world on a course to a low carbon future."   the u.s., russia and others hope those talks will begin early next year.   the uss independence is the first in the trimaran variant of littoral combat ships.   the u.s. state department said kerry would begin his nov. - middle east visit in abu dhabi, after which he would come to israel and the palestinian territories.   the us, through its massive military and diplomatic aid for the government of mexico, is enabling the continuation of egregious and systematic human rights violations.   the usual academics were quick to weigh in, with chinese culture university professor george tsai (蔡瑋) saying lee’s comments showed him to be “a man who cannot tell facts from illusions and who has gone berserk.”   the us women’s soccer team got a hero’s welcome on friday with a ticker-tape parade in new york’s lower manhattan, mobbed by young girls and other flag-waving fans, followed by a new york city hall ceremony where each player was given a key to the city.   the us won their first group stage game against honduras and have six points from two games, while panama have two points, honduras and haiti one point each.   the usw would like to see them replaced with union workers.   the uw and its police department are investigating.   the vaccine was safe, with no serious side-effects, according to the study.   the vain me would've loved the glowing skin, extra sparkly hair, and slimmer hips that go along with clean eating.   the value at vesting becomes your basis in the stock and if the value is lower when you sell, you will end up with a capital loss.   "the value of the franc has been rising steadily for decades," says swiss-born thomas straubhaar, longstanding director of the hamburg institute of international economics.   the value of the system is far beyond just preparing a skilled nursing facility for the annual health inspection survey, but builds a foundation in quality assurance, performance improvement, customer satisfaction and state and federal compliance.   the va says there are , disability and compensations claims on backlog, defined as pending more than days.   the vast majority of catholics who formed the vast majority of the population in the republic, followed the rules and regulations of the church.   the vast potential of mexico's current video game market provides compelling evidence for bringing foreign games to mexico, yet is largely untapped and not targeted by the giants of the game industry.   the vatican does not confirm the meeting, nor does it deny the meeting.   the vehicle did not enter the secure perimeter.   the vehicle flipped several times, landing down a hillside.   the venture capitalist announced the initiative at a press conference today in london, alongside stephen hawking and other scientists.   the verdict, which can be appealed, is the harshest delivered so far against non-islamist activists amid a government crackdown on opponents overseen by president abdel fattah al-sisi.   the vermont senator has continued to focus on economic inequality during a time in which foreign policy and terrorism are voters’ top issues.   the very funny movie "mom's night out" will be showing.   the vessel is located southeast of the hibernia field in the jeanne d'arc basin.   the veteran activist, who turned this year, was locked up for a total of years under house arrest by myanmar's former junta generals, who viewed her popularity as a threat to their iron-grip on power.   the veterans affairs department was days away from running out of money on the project in the denver suburb of aurora.   the victim complied and the men left in his unidentified vehicle.   the victim in the kidnapping case, ignacio ramirez, was found dead in a shallow grave near sedano's home in august .   the victims have forgiven josh duggar, who was not arrested, the sisters said.   the victims of the nov. attacks in paris had varied backgrounds and interests.   the victims were strangled, beaten or both.   the victim was able to talk eugenio out of hurting her and was driven to an abandoned house also in kennewick, wa.   "the victim was entitled to be very, very frightened at the situation confronting her," prosecutor grant burston said.   the victim would later reveal how wiener - who lived on the premises – had invited him to his room “to perform on him”.   the "victory" amounted to an ability to draw support away from other nationalist parties.   “the video clearly verified that she was not struck.   the video emerged friday.   the video has more than a million page views at this point, and almost as many opinions as to its meaning.   the video installation is a montage of movie scenes of clocks that are synched to real time—all hours in a day.   the video is watermarked with the logo for abc's america's funniest home videos, but the footage is hosted on gibson's facebook page.   the video kicks off with a clip showing crosby answering media questions.   the video of the incident was posted online and immediately began attracting media attention.   the video predicts tesla will be five times bigger than the next biggest competitor.   the video presents war as a likely alternative to the deal.   the video, reported to be from the countryside south of aleppo, provides a harrowing view of the toll syria's war is taking on mothers, fathers, children and babies.   the video shows just how empowering life can be as a fat woman.   the video shows van dyke shooting mcdonald in the middle of a street on oct. , , as mcdonald was walking away from police who had confronted him.   "the video speaks for itself that at no point was jerame reid a threat and he possessed no weapon on his person," said walter hudson, chair and founder of the civil rights group the national awareness alliance.   the videos spawned multiple investigations by congress and several states, but none has shown that planned parenthood broke any laws.   the video, which appeared genuine and corresponded to ap's reporting of the events depicted, captured a daily snapshot of the carnage in syria.   the vietnam war photos a young refugee carries an elderly woman on his back while crossing a bridge in hue, vietnam, in .   "the view is one of the grandest in opportunity's martian career of nearly years and more than . miles (. kilometers)" of driving," nasa officials said in a statement.   the views are ridiculous, the natural light amazing and the vibe % socal chill.   the views expressed are her own.   the views expressed are his own.   the views expressed are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the publisher.   the views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer.   the violence has also derailed a fragile peace process with the rebels.   the violence has also prevented the delivery of aid and vital food supplies, with the world food programme warning the impoverished arab state is on the brink of famine.   the violence set the st. louis suburb on edge and had protest leaders worried about whether tensions would escalate.   the virus can also cause high fever, headache, muscle pain, back pain, and rash.   the virus has been sequenced in a lab and results show little genetic change from the stain of the disease detected in the middle east, kown said saturday, allaying fears that the virus could mutate and present new challenges for disease control.   the visit also suggests that russia, and not longtime ally iran, has now emerged as assad's most important foreign friend.   the visit comes as japan plans to hold talks with china and south korea, countries that have criticized the shrine in the past.   the visit is castro's third to havana's cold war-era ally moscow as head of state.   the visitors, who started the game in third place after winning both previous games, hit the woodwork three times, but it was whites who should have got more than a point given their dominance, especially in the second half.   the visit was part of a nine-day tour of projects in africa supported by the clinton foundation.   the visit will be obama's fifth to germany and the likely the last as he enters his final year in office.   the vm security system is deployed on openstack as a glance image.   the voice is similar to one featured in thursday's audio message in which isis claimed responsibility for wednesday's attack at the bardo museum in tunisia.   the volkswagen then hit a hyundai accent.   the vote on the presidency will take place after the new members take their seats in both houses in february.   the vote sends the measure to the senate for consideration later this week.   the vote was in favor and against, with abstentions.   “the voting rights act, the culmination of so much blood and sweat and tears, the product of so much sacrifice in the face of wanton violence, stands weakened, its future subject to partisan rancor,” obama said.   the vuvuzela, a popular wind instrument used in stadiums during the football world cup in south africa in , has a sound intensity of decibels and over nine seconds of exposure could result in irreversible hearing damage.   the waka christian center located in waka is a great place for a weekend retreat, family reunion, wedding, celebration or holiday event.   the walker campaign has other ideas -- more on what they told me about their rumored demise in a minute.   the wall of the capernaum synagogue.   the wall street figures who are suing say their property was seized without compensation, in violation of the constitution.   the wall street journal. : tesla's new model x suv finally set for delivery the wall street journal. : moto , samsung gear s take on apple watch the wall street journal. : are baby monitor flaws inviting hackers into homes?   the wall street journal cited us officials as saying they believe the attack used mustard gas, which may have come from stockpiles of banned poisons that syrian president bashar al-assad was forced to get rid of in .   the war in afghanistan, fought for bloody years and still raging, came to a formal end with a quiet flag-lowering ceremony in kabul that marked the transition of the fighting from u.s.-led combat troops to the country's own security forces.   the warrants issued in biloxi charge debtors with failure to pay, order their arrest and say they can avoid jail only by paying the money owed in full, the aclu said.   the warriors are at the cusp of history without head coach steve kerr, who is recovering from two offseason back surgeries.   the warriors won the game by hitting seven more three-pointers -- a margin that was larger until j.r. smith hit four late, long-range shots -- and forcing the cavs into turnovers.   the washington institution's "reboot the suit" fundraising campaign soared beyond its $, goal on friday (july ), just four days after being launched on the kickstarter website.   the washington post notes the number of reported rape cases in india skyrocketed nearly percent in the years leading up to , when nearly , incidents were reported.   the washington post reports on concerns among some republicans about a message that sounds "more and more exclusionary."   the washwood heath gas holders are being dismantled "gas used to be made from burning coal.   the watchdog has launched a campaign to get dublin to change its regulations.   the watch goes on sale officially on april , online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in paris, london and tokyo, part of apple's strategy of positioning the wearable computer as a must-have accessory.   "the water efficiency program is the unsung hero of this whole thing," says white, director of the institute for sustainable futures at the university of technology, sydney.   the water, in its current state, is fine for bathing or washing dishes.   the waters inundated neighborhoods, train lines and sports grounds, and knocked out electricity to more than , homes.   the waters there are about , feet deep, according to the navy.   the water temperature was oc, while the air temperature was oc at the course near the kazan kremlin, built at the behest of ivan the terrible in the th century.   the wave of people fleeing conflict and poverty to come to europe is continuing unabated despite worsening weather conditions.   the wave reports deliver real-time dashboards with simple graphics, including the following: reports and dashboards under salesforce's new lightning user interface.   the waves were different—but not too different—from the ones i’d known in california.   the way askari describes it, the koran is as much a practical guide as an ideological tract.   the way forward should also include more and better resettlement opportunities for north korean refugees.   "the way lion society works, those cubs would have bonded with jericho, so those cubs although they might not be jericho's specifically, he's bonded with them, he's shared kills with them, he knows the lionesses very well," said staplekamp.   the way prohibition works is that chemical compounds get added to what's called the schedule of controlled substances.   the way that the us has been dealing with yemen was been to mainly focus on security.   "the way that you move is related to whether or not you are going to get sick," said stoffregen, a professor of kinesiology at the university of minnesota who has spent years measuring the differences in people's movements.   "the way they make a living doesn't change, they are still fishing," he said.   the weapons were produced before the gulf war, and many experts believe the sarin would no longer be dangerous.   the weapon was found in the back yard of his home in a garbage can, the jpso said.   the weather channel : a turtle eye view of the sea the weather channel : family caught in rip current in nantucket the weather channel : a stormy wedding day the weather channel : a smart shirt?   the weather channel how does a dam burst?   the weather has many people across the province heading to pools and splash pads, and shady patios.   the weather was hot and dry, as expected, and my hair stuck to the back of my neck.   the web-delivered tools, formally introduced june , help companies manage efforts to actually reduce carbon and more efficiently use natural resources such as water, waste, and paper.   the web is for everyone; it’s always going to be there.”   the webpage traces its author’s path toward strong beliefs in white supremacy and the race debate ignited after the shooting of black teen trayvon martin as a moment of racial “awakening.”   the website released a statement on wednesday calling once again for the charges against them to be dropped.   the website (www.   the weekly award is the first of griff’s career and the first for a trojan this season.   the wendiceratops would have roamed alongside tyrannosaurs, duck-billed hadrosaurs, armoured dinosaurs, turtles and crocodiles.   the west african nations of sierra leone, liberia and guinea have been hardest hit in the yearlong ebola outbreak, which is estimated to have left more than , people dead.   the western-backed kiev government and the insurgents on monday reported the deaths of at lest soldiers and civilians, the worst bloodshed in more than a month.   the western-backed opposition national coalition which insists on assad's ouster has announced it will boycott the april - talks.   the "westernization" of many arab cities has eroded that urban pattern.   the whale was discovered under colman dock ferry terminal late wednesday.   the wheat is now either damaged or mature enough that it can go ahead and fill that head.   the whitecaps tried to push back after halftime, but couldn't find a way past frei — another ex-teammate of robinson's at tfc — as seattle's defence rebounded following a - road loss to the columbus crew last weekend.   the white house claims that in america the average salary in a job that requires information-technology skills is percent higher than the average salary in a private-sector job.   the white house is hit with cyberattacks daily the white house is hit with cyberattacks every day, the times reports, but this was an advanced, highly targeted attack.   the white house said in a statement that it supports the bill, which is part of larger suite of legislation that's needed to provide necessary tools to fight cyber threats and create consistent notification standards for breaches of personal data.   the white house said obama and clinton, who is now running as a democrat to succeed him in office in , exchanged emails "on occasion."   the white house said obama's budget would be "fully paid for" by cutting inefficient programs and closing tax loopholes — particularly a trust fund provision the white house has been eying.   the white house said president barack obama would sign it thursday.   the white house says history will judge obama's policies toward africa favorably.   the white house spokesman on tuesday also called trump a "carnival barker."   the white house was briefed on clinton's position ahead of her comments tuesday, a campaign aide said.   the white house weighed in on monday.   "the whole point is not to set the patient against the doctor or replace the doctor, but to make the patient much better informed and to ask the doctor much better questions, and then together they should do a much better job," he says.   the whole process may take a little longer than swiping the magnetic strip, but not too much longer.   the whole social and political debate in this country is taking a dangerous turn,” honzejk told dw.   the whole thing is very metaphysical — the topic of the course in the futuristic classroom is called "making the future," which discusses events that haven't happened yet.   the whole volkswagen board will hold a scheduled meeting on friday, although an announcement may come ahead of that.   the who said it would not force people to be vaccinated.   the who said there had been new small ebola outbreaks or flares in the region between march and november this year but they appeared to have been due to the re-emergence of a persistent virus from among the survivors.   the wild, cartoonish covers for "who was?" and its spinoffs were her idea, inspired by caricatures that sometimes ran in the sunday new york times book review.   the wildcats quieted things by scoring of the final points of the first half, but the tigers were still within a manageable - at the break.   the wildcats would convert their first first down of the half with eight minutes to go, trying to respond to carolina’s comeback.   the wildfire outburst in the parched west has gotten so bad that more than firefighting experts from australia and new zealand have been sent to provide assistance in california, oregon and washington.   the wildfire, which started saturday, has charred more than square miles and destroyed at least homes.   the window for this open enrollment period closes on february th.   the winds will remain calm during the day at mph, but gusts could reach as high as mph throughout the evening.   the winner in the men's group was stanley biwott, from kenya, who finished in hours, minutes, and seconds.   the winner of the helen rollason award, eight-year-old bailey matthews, who has cerebral palsy, captured the hearts of the crowd as he asked for them to stop cheering and received another big ovation as he said a small speech.   the winners go on to face pakistan in the final on sept. after they completed a - victory over indonesia at the gelora bung karno tennis stadium in jakarta on thursday.   the winner sunday also will get a spot in the british open.   the winner will be announced on june th.   "the wire" creator spoke out regarding the violence in baltimore.   the wishing well's phone is shut off, and its website now redirects to a japanese porn site.   the witnesses — mostly friends and relatives of the defendants — pleaded for mercy and described the former educators' passion for teaching and dedication to their students, which often extended to devoting their personal time and money to help.   the witness told the court that the two rear-seated crew members could not have known how long the crash would last.   the woman allegedly suffers from mental health problems.   the woman allegedly told the complainant that the boy had fallen at a fast-food restaurant and that she had taken him to a hospital.   the woman grabbed the cat and managed to get out ok.   the woman had agreed to perform the procedure after being contacted by mayhew's friend, her mother, latrice mayhew, said.   the woman inside the house was taken into custody for questioning.   the woman required stitches under her eye, he said.   the woman returned home a few hours after being checked out, without an operation.   the woman survived but was hospitalized.   the woman was identified as catarina gonzalez perez.   the woman was pronounced dead at the scene.   the woman was taken to a seattle hospital friday with severe burns on her hands and face.   the women's armed services integration act of excluded women from combat positions and it was not until that these exclusions were lifted for women aviators.   the women say they were they were worried about their safety after receiving sexual text messages from one of their team leaders.   the wonderful thing about music is the way it affects emotion.   "the word is out there.   the words "ground speed" are in the speedometer; would there be any other kind of speed in the road-hugging mustang?   the word's self-titled debut introduced randolph's sacred steel guitar work to an audience outside the house of god -- the new jersey church where he exercised his musical chops.   the world bank is prepared to help and is increasing its lending commitments to the region to around $ billion, he said.   the world bank kept its gdp growth forecast for next year in china at . percent and at . percent in .   the world championships are one of the few races where riders compete on national teams rather than trade teams.   the world economy rewards people for what they can do with what they know.   the world governing body said in a statement that it hoped the results of both cases could be revealed before the end of their -day suspensions.   "the world grieves with us, the world mourns with us."   the world has changed since the times of sith and vengeance.   "the world hasn't ended yet."   the world has only once managed to eliminate a disease, which was smallpox, but now was the time “to pull the trigger and go for polio eradication”, abramson said.   "the world needs to hear that the united states speaks with one voice in the fight against isil," he said.   the world of formula racing is fascinating and so i invited the chief information officer of williams martini racing to be a guest on cxotalk.   the world premiere of the anticipated film took place on monday afternoon in los angeles, where a half-mile long section of hollywood boulevard had been closed to traffic in preparation of the event.   the world robot conference in beijing was reportedly taken by storm this week when the latest iteration of geminoid f – an almost terrifyingly-realistic robot woman – made an appearance during the show.   the world's most valuable sports teams are now worth $. billion on average, up percent from last year.   the world's critically endangered species photos yangtze finless porpoise – the population of yangtze finless porpoises is declining rapidly.   “the world still needs energy,” she said after lunch in a press conference, at which she refused to discuss the niqab issue other than to say she is troubled by its use as a federal campaign “tactic.”   the world's worst ebola epidemic, which hopped borders to kill more than , people and devastate already fragile west african economies, has already been declared over in liberia and sierra leone.   the worms lodge inside a person's lymphatic system, affecting the regulation of body fluids and causing hugely swollen limbs and organs.   the worry for conservative supporters, though, is that no harper minority can be expected to last, this time.   "the worry is that the removal of specific livestock support may mean that farmers will decide it is simply not worthwhile rearing animals," the letter says.   the worst is over - for now state news agency xinhua said the measures proved effective in limiting the pollution, and also thanked city residents for their cooperation.   the worst part?   "the worst that happens is you save a bunch of money, and the best thing is you win a cash prize."   the wounded officer has been released from the hospital as well.   the written decision from justice herman wilton-siegel was dated may , , and posted to the bankruptcy case monitor's website wednesday morning.   the wto rejected those labels in , and usda tried again with the more detailed labels a year later.   the xinhua report, datelined from seattle where xi started his trip on tuesday, gave no immediate details of the models of the airplanes bought by a group of chinese companies or the value of the sale.   they added that if it were not for the system, professors not teaching at one of the universities would be unable to secure dorm space.   they added: "thinking about those who passed away and who were having such a love (sic) time & happiness with all of us just a minute before."   the yakima fire department had at least crews respond to the incident.   they alerted police to the incident and officers later issued an appeal for witnesses or anyone with information to the “suspicious” incident to get in touch.   they all measure about by centimeters and are sold for euros.   they all require what time travel might not be able to provide: exquisite timing.   they also added catcher gerald laird and utility player jordan pacheco to the -man major league roster.   they also are considering legal challenges.   "they also build on the reforms outlined in olympic agenda which aim to create more flexibility into the olympic program of the olympic games."   they also claimed the u.s. federal reserve was to make an emergency announcement about interest rates.   they also come from all the nearby states, montana, idaho, alaska, oregon but we take a lot of international kids from all over the world.   they also do the work of a chef's knife in some instances.   they also express concern that pipeline leaks could potentially pollute underground aquifers that are a critical source of water to farmers on the great plains.   they also fear the agreement could lead to a broader rapprochement with the united states, which they still deride as the "great satan."   they also give much of the credit to james ford, who produced the new album after the band worked with markus dravs on 's "babel," which won the grammy for album of the year, as well as the band's debut, "sigh no more."   they also have never lost to bangladesh in eight tests, winning seven tests by more than an innings and another inside four days.   "they also need their own auto and health insurance paid either by themselves or by their employment," he explains.   they also recovered a second body, a death they said later monday did not appear to be storm-related.   they also recovered firearms, including a grenade launcher.   they also say planned parenthood is altering abortion procedures to better recover usable tissue.   they also share an interest in a return to stability in syria, but they differ fundamentally on what that stability would look like.   they also sometimes hit tanker trucks on the roads," he says, sitting in his office as the cars pile up outside.   they also underscore sustainable fishing and seafood sourcing practices, a major focus for cimarusti, who has addressed senators and congressmen in washington on the subject.   they announced a $./month/user device-agnostic or more accurately all device ready sales and service engagement application/suite/platform.   they anticipate huge demand from a population that has quadrupled since to ,, according to census data.   they appeared in character in a replica delorean time machine from the films and earned a lengthy standing ovation from the live audience in the packed theatre.   they appeared to be tampering with a high profile court case of four police officers involved in the killing of detainees en route to prison.   “they are absolutely responsible for the long-term care of these chimpanzees.”   they are adjusting to their expanded family.   they are affected by their cultures."   they are allowed in only in closely monitored groups of five or ten.   they are also guys that are very smart."   they are also holding eight suspects in custody on suspicion of being directly linked to the attack, which jihadist group islamic state (is) has claimed.   they are also now acquiring french vineyards.   they are also potentially risky to outsiders, as uncontacted tribes been known to attack and kill people outside their tribe.   they are a part of my life.   they are a research institute.   they are asking the public to respect all police barricades and police direction as the investigation continues.   "they are a team that we know if we put a lot of pressure on them, that you can slowly chip away and find yourself back in the game.   they are believed to be attempting to join isis fighters in syria.   they are capital and employment traps.   "they are clearly a very sick individual," she said.   they are derrick spence, megan shan and elizabeth harris, all from bridgeview in portmore.   they are evermore clever to invent the vitamins of what investors are clamoring for.   they are former premier amama mbabazi and kizza besigye.   they are free on bail, and none was in the courtroom tuesday.   they are hard-pressed to accept diab's apology.   they are hunting for accomplices of three men claiming links to al-qaida and the islamic state group who killed people last week, before being killed by police.   they are literally roaming among us.   "they are making a conscious decision to make that trade-off."   they are martyrs, he said, and if confederate symbols come down around the south, their deaths will not have been in vain.   "they are men and women like us, our brothers seeking a better life, starving, persecuted, wounded, exploited, victims of war.   “they are more likely to take physical risks, for example, while riding motorbikes or skateboarding.”   they are my specialty and i nailed them.   they are nine games out in the al west and seven games behind texas in the race for the second al wild card.   "they are not a party like any other," jansen added.   they are not following you around 'cause you're gay; they're going to be looking sideways at you because you're black.   “they are not formally pkk members, but they get huge punishments – kids sentenced to , years.”   they are not measured in profit and loss statements, but the losses are devastating on many levels.   they are now not only living their life for themselves, but also for the person they lost.   they are now tackling victim reparations and rebel demobilization.   they aren’t good at picking the top, and they panic and sell once stocks have fallen heavily, when they should be buying.   they are often used to target officials and members of the security forces but also kill many civilians.   “they are one of the most extensive auditing services in georgia,” said dees.   they are patrolled by guards.   “they are power hitters and they go after the bowling from the very beginning.   they are showing surveillance photos that ellington says show gunmen manning sentry points in tivoli gardens, the barricaded slum raided by soldiers and police.   "they are the boots on the ground," she said.   they are then asked to provide a deposit via money order, prior to seeing the rental property," police said in a release.   they are the scientists, engineers, and architects behind the world’s most amazing inventions.   they are thought to have been ethiopian christians.   they are to be interred along with the rest of the victims at the cemetery of cronenbourg to the west of the alsatian region.   they are treating me very well.   they are trying to force government leaders into following their position percent.   they are ultimately overseen by the nigerian broadcasting commission (nbc).   they are usually free to enter the old city in east jerusalem, where major muslim, christian and jewish holy sites are located.   "they are very caring about what's happening and i believe that there is a lot of people in the community that have been following this and care deeply and i believe we'll have a large turnout."   they are well-organised campaigns that go after specific industries seeking specific data.   they are writing fake leases, pocketing money from would-be renters then disappearing.   they argue things have shifted but not changed.   they arranged to meet in the parking lot of th village shopping centre.   "they arrested him savagely.   they arrested shawn meade, , from paintsville and mathew s. joseph, , from salyersville on possession of meth, public intoxication, and possession of drug paraphernalia.   they attached a motor to each boat and asked who wanted to be "captain."   they attribute the lapses in communication, inability to keep track of suspected militants and failure to act on intelligence, to a lack of resources in some countries and a surge in the number of would-be jihadis.   they believe an all-gender washroom, alongside the boys and girls facilities, would likely have prevented their own son's struggle.   they bring people together, give credibility, create interaction, and most importantly for business, build loyalty.   they built a statue to him and he was given an honorary degree plus a handful of gift certificates.   "they called it free college but students had to front a lot of the money," said rachel fishman, an education policy analyst at new america, a public policy think tank.   they came from all over the united states--black teachers from los angeles, white pentecostals from indianapolis, black southern transplants at the tail end of the great migration, vietnam vets and ex-hippies from san francisco.   "they came here with violence in mind."   they came looking for it."   "they came prepared."   they came to eat, to hang out, to do business.   they can also be caused by trauma.   they can arrest me, i'll get out, we'll set down some ground rules on what i'm going to do next, and i'll be back," he told cbc news in an interview.   they can be reached at their non-emergency line by calling --.   they can get on a bike and go to a place that is very much unlike where they live and do something positive.   they can have a direct impact on how you save (in a roth ira or (k) vs. a traditional version, for example), as well as how much of your savings in (k)s, iras and other accounts will actually be available to spend.   "they can micromanage care down to almost nothing," said harbin, who also served as maryland's mental health director before becoming a consultant.   they cannot decide if they are unhappy with what they have and do anything about it.   they cannot form unions - and this goes back to the new deal of the s.   "they can't continue to harvest data."   they can't even bring themselves to criticize a child molester who protected other child molesters solely because he's a republican.   they can't stop the nuclear deal with iran.   "they can walk into a gun show, no questions asked, and buy a gun or buy explosives."   they chalked outlines of bodies on the tree-lined street, played recordings of king's speeches and projected an image of the slain civil rights leader with the words "black lives matter," on the mayor's garage door.   "they changed our mass," she tells him.   "they chant 'death to arabs' and nothing happens to them," says a palestinian man from east jerusalem who asked not to be named.   they chat over wine and hors d'oeuvres about the injustice of piled-up, untested rape kits.   they cling to the hope that the killing of kenji goto doesn't necessarily have direct immediate implications for the safety of the young pilot.   they come from the lorri camera and show details down to m across.   they come right out and punch you in the mouth with ugly, driving guitars and a fierce pounding rhythm section.   they comfortably sealed the league title early on, and made the semifinals of the german cup and the champions league.   they complain of complex systems for once-simple tasks like turning on the light, “learning algorithms” that get their preferences wrong and systems that simply go on the fritz too often.   they considered it.   they controlled the match in the second half, and lex sealed the - with a goal in the th minute.   "they could be stuck here for two three days.   they could change the eu treaties, but that is a very difficult process with all sorts of bear traps, including referendums in some member states.   they could have gone the surrogate route but were moved by the fact there are , kids in the foster system without homes.   they could mount the argument that the threat from isis to australian interests is greater than that from the saaf in deir az-zour or hassakeh, and they will therefore target isis regardless.   they could shut down public schools or threaten to do so like new jersey's supreme court did in after lawmakers failed to put enough money into education.   they could use the greek election as an "excuse to make compromises in austerity policy,“ emmanouilidis said.   "they definitely honed in on the female nudity," he said.   "they definitely look better than they did," dr. kevin willetts said in september.   "they demand a higher level of public scrutiny as well as a careful evaluation of the officer's conduct and whether, under law, those actions were reasonable under the circumstances."   they determined that the more a tissue's cells divide, the higher the chance cancer could develop in that tissue.   they detonated about kilograms of dynamite inside a -meter-deep hole dug on the mountain side.   they'd have to register within six months, he said.   they did a really great job.”   they did it at a time when we have minimized the guards around the compound because they were sent to a battle," he said.   they didn't often surface and speak and if they did then everybody had to hold their breath while direction finding stations around the country tried to get a fix on that u-boat," she said.   they did this all night," a ukrainian soldier named andrei said thursday after fleeing debaltseve.   they died in accomplishing their mission with courage, with bravery, with dignity.   they die down at the festival site as sundown nears, but that doesn't mean the party's over.   they discussed it over breakfast and with rep. lewis of atlanta.   they divide the city into two and duarte tries to remove memories of amelia from his life by cutting her name out of his vast book collection.   they'd lost touch a few years ago but reconnected in recent months, meek said, adding that there were things about roof's recent behavior that scared him.   they do not, in any way, attempt to diminish their dignity," he said of the attitudes held by staff and administrators at pearson.   "they do not yet have that capability.   "they don't believe god wanted a man to pick up a gun and start this shooting."   they don't inflict much pain on the regime and actually benefit the hard-liners who control the few gateways in and out of the economy.   they don't know that people on the other side of the world are living lifestyles that put lots of carbon into the air, at their expense.   they don't need that social security check.   "they don't really understand what it means to live in europe as an illegal immigrant and what the consequences are.   they don't speak any languages, but now they say they are going to holland, too.   they don't want to see kooky archetype films about getting older.   they dressed and moved like commandos.   the year also brought occasions to celebrate.   the years immediately preceding the stock-market crash were a remarkably productive period for herbert asbury.   the year’s largest measles outbreak has been traced to disneyland in anaheim, california where visitors were exposed to the disease in mid-december.   they embraced me as a little sister.   they enslave, rape, and force women into marriage.   they estimated he was to feet above the river.   they estimate he'd been in the pond about minutes.   they estimate the mammoth likely lived , to , years ago, but the remains still have to be dated, fisher said.   they face circumcision.   they fear that by seeking additional u.s. military support, ghani is sending the wrong message to the taliban, which was ousted in an american-led operation in and is fighting to return to power and impose a strict interpretation of sharia.   they feel especially aggrieved because after hungary built a razor-wire fence on its border with serbia, the flood of migrants switched into croatia which then adopted controls of its own, isolating slovenia.   they finally finished recording sessions last week.   they fled when ground troops arrived.   they flounder in in-fighting and when they do get something done, it is a patchwork of add ons.   they forced a scrum and, in injury time, jamie roberts straightened the attack, and biggar was perfectly set up to land a dropped goal for a - lead at halftime.   they forced down the bedroom door before they were attacked by the man and by this point the flames had reached waist height.   they found him and determined he also needed to be transported to hospital.   they found the f. necrophorum bacteria in . percent of patients with sore throat symptoms and about percent of those without sore throats.   they found wearable devices in general were less accurate than the smartphone apps.   "they fully understand, at that age even, the sacrifices that were made," said hayes.   they give harrowing testimony to what many have long tried to raise awareness about.   "they give unconditional love in its purest form," mosher said.   "they go right to the heart of people who wish for long-lasting peace and for a ban on nuclear weapons," she said.   they got biologists involved, and it was decided that the lizards would need to be resettled after their hibernation period before the excavators could start rumbling.   they got that way from paying your bills, cleaning your clothes and listening to you talk about how cool you are.   "they go under the leaves, and you can hear them catch prey — it's a little snap — but you can't see them," sorger explained.   they grabbed one of the attackers from his neck, and he couldn't detonate (his explosives), and he was shot and killed," durrani added.   they grew up around mormons and knew it wasn't their style to yell and shout.   they grow up to feet (. meters) long.   they had a brief but ice-breaking meeting in paris on nov. on the sidelines of the climate change summit.   they had been traveling for hours, and the sun had already set.   they had no time to laugh or relax as they always had to take care of themselves.   they had taken a - lead into the ninth inning, with their ace on the mound and champagne on ice in the clubhouse.   they had to hire more human beings to actually bring the products to your door, but the products are already being stored in a nearby warehouse.   they had unearthed an old parachute that was used in dropping supplies for building the original base during operation deep freeze in -.   they had water on the fire within two minutes, and by : it was out.   "they have a good connection within the family and they are engaged in the community."   they have also cobbled together a matching-donation scheme of up to $ million for humanitarian relief in the region and are taking up the ndp’s idea of a syrian refugee coordinator.   they have also recovered aircraft items: fiber glass, pieces of plastic, a seat from a plane."   they have also removed faded flowers and consumed candles and have taken photos of the changing memorials.   they have an affair, she gets pregnant and he arranges for uriah to get killed in battle.   “they have a really great team that these girls have raced against,” she added.   they have been met with fierce resistance by al-qaeda and sunni tribal fighters.   they have been released after posting $, bonds and are scheduled to appear in court on dec. .   they have been the first to be convicted for shooting wolves since a few dozen animals were re-introduced in norway in a joint environmental project with sweden in the s.   they have been together since .   they have been working on their own to save these places, and restore neighborhoods and main streets across america.   "they have big skill and top quality."   they have cleaned out the entire house.   they have come on a long way.   “they have lost a lot of leaders in the last three years because of the french military intervention.”   they have multiple hobbies and interests.   they have no control over the two adults who live in their house and run their baths or cook their dinners.   they have not released a description of the attacker.   "they haven't taken the opportunity to go to school in the past because they don't want to give up work," he said.   they haven't yet been accepted by the wider indonesian society, suleeman said.   they have pleaded not guilty.   they have questioned his citizenship and demanded presentation of his birth certificate.   they have rules you can't sell sweets in school yet because they are teachers they can do it.   they have several promising young african cyclists and reinforced their ranks by signing norwegian sprinter edvald boasson hagen, one of the top names in the successful sky team.   "they have similar messages but they have different styles, and her style appeals to a lot of people.   "they have started reviewing the implementation process," he said.   "they have, though, set up super pacs, and this has dramatically changed politics.   they have too much money invested.   "they have to pay what they owe, but always have many chances to do so before they get evicted," he said in an email.   "they have to sit in those positions.   they have to take hundreds of steps like this one, just to trade their old lives for new ones.   they hope to expand the operation in turkey, and eventually to europe and the united states.   they huddled together behind backpacks and chairs, underneath tables.   they hung in there and fought and tried to do some things better, but charleston is just so good we could never make a dent in their lead."   the yield on the -year treasury note rose to . percent.   the yield on the -year treasury note slipped to . percent from . percent late wednesday.   the yield was at . percent thursday morning.   they improved to - on the road.   they included bouts with the famous andré the giant, a french wrestler nearly seven feet tall, and even fights with bears, including a russian black bear named trotsky.   they included muslim and christian prayer services, a tree planting ceremony and a march through abuja.   they include mezzo brigitte fassbaender (including a master class excerpt), renée fleming (plus two musical excerpts), dame gwyneth jones, christa ludwig, grandson christian strauss, and rufus wainwright (!).   they, in effect, played a reasoned, responsible, and decisive role in heading off any anti-immigrant or anti-muslim backlash to the violent acts of a few.   they informed authorities in barnegat, new jersey, on tuesday that they believed chelsea was there, said lt. keith germain, spokesman for barnegat police.   they joined others across canada in marking the national day of remembrance for road crash victims, which is held annually on the third wednesday in november.   they just didn't want to talk about it."   “they just need a ride, they don’t need an ambulance.”   "they just put the bat on the ball," lewisberry manager tom peifer said.   "they just started rolling through our front window," beck said, "rocketing up from the earth."   they knew , north vietnamese troops were just outside the city, ready to pounce.   "they knew exactly where to go and when.   they knew their hands were not permitted to become too hot, too painful or too weary.   they laid out the bones of their respective tax plans.   they led four minutes later after rafferty spilled power's free-kick and the ball rolled into the net.   they left on base and were for with men in scoring position despite scoring twice.   they left a voicemail with the psychiatrist, dr. lynne fenton, but she never called back.   "they literally stopped the presses" to remove the quote, she said, calling it "frustrating."   they live in shacks and dilapidated housing -- some don't even have indoor plumbing.   they'll also be developing "moonshots," like the self-driving car which google might just bring to the road this decade, and calico, which is trying to solve death -- or trying to extend human lifespans, anyway.   they'll give it another go wednesday morning.   "they'll kind of hang out for a couple more days and then they are often completely forgotten," a penguin handler said.   they long for it."   "they look very similar on the outside," brink said.   they love this thing," said severs.   they make it "absolutely an imperative to find voices that are not represented in the world.   they managed this year to preserve most of the past income tax cuts but did it by giving kansas one of the nation's highest state sales tax rates and boosting taxes on cigarettes by cents a pack.   “they managed to escape,” said said.   they marched through the streets chanting: "you don't get to kill us and tell us how to feel.   they may even be accompanied by a smoke trail or sonic boom, he added.   they may have been used for digging – something that naked mole rats use their teeth for — or for fighting.   they may hope to catch attention and get more momentum."   they may well yet move toward us.   they might be more susceptible to certain diseases later in life, according to a new study.   they might choose to keep quiet so they can keep their job.   they might do well by not hiring so many hammer-wielding nutjobs and overly aggressive executives.   they move in unison across the stage in horizontal lines, haltingly arching their backs and moving their free arms in balletic arches before crumpling to the floor.   they need to be more strict.   "they need to develop a culture of national dialogue, especially as they confront a deadly disease such as ebola."   “they need to look at the positive outcome of this project,” he said.   they need to make driving and texting a huge fine, like $ or $.   'they need to start organising things because it's a mess.'   they never came back.   they never seriously challenged again.   they no longer have a third of the vote guaranteed.   they now spend a whopping $. billion per year on glossy magazine spreads and television commercials promoting their drugs.   they offer about million songs for about $ a month.   they organized.   the yosemite carnivore crew will now scour other cameras for signs of any additional foxes.   the young children would be using the ece classroom, as well as the bathrooms should the modification proceed.   the young entrepreneurs sold bikes in the campaign, roughly half of which were ordered by customers in the united states.   the younger gilbert was arrested at his apartment, where officers discovered ammunition matching the gun found at the scene.   the younger of the pair pleaded guilty to manslaughter to last week.   the youngest one is years old," webb said.   the young omani’s talent for electronics has not gone unnoticed by his family.   the young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations.   the youth are the future of the country."   they overwhelmingly did so, but the prime minister eventually signed up to even stricter demands in return for a third bailout worth billion euros ($ billion).   they own a small field in these lush hills, growing peppers and green vegetables.   they planned to get her later, but they couldn't because the korean war broke out in .   they planned to head north, into macedonia.   they played at marianna tuesday and will play at taylor county tonight (thursday).   “they played physical up front and executed well.”   they play extremely hard down after down after down, week after week, year after year.   "they put their training into action and were able to locate the lost boat and escort it back to queenborough harbour.”   they raided the homes of baggage handlers after getting tipped off to a ring of thieves at two terminals.   they range from economic performance to entrepreneurship.   they read: "in the vast majority of challenges for the ball, no retrospective action is taken as the incident has been seen by the match officials.   they realize that law enforcement begins with basic relationships.   they’re all about the broncos.   they really allowed the whisky companies the space," said mike mabasa, head of corporate relations at diageo unit brandhouse.   "they really have to do something about this.   they’re also looking for volunteers to help at the warehouse.   they're always at the center.   they're asking anyone with information to come forward.   "they're a very talented ballclub," jack said.   "they're both great parents," the insider said.   "they're calling me wanting to know why i haven't been making payments," said miller.   they're close in age (obama is , ryan is ), are fathers to school age children (two for obama and three for ryan), and are avid sports fans (though obama's chicago bears and ryan's green bay packers are archrivals).   they're coming down there to the barricade wanting to know how to get to us."   they recommend damaged ships be dealt with in ports or bays since oil spills can be harder to contain in the open sea.   they recommend funding for more on-the-job education and examining the dynamics of multi-ethnic employees serving clients of largely western european background.   "they're constantly searching for the newest experience, something different.   they're easy, they're efficient.   they’re embracing it as a step toward global expansion.   “they’re expecting it to grow throughout the year.”   "they're forced or exploited into doing horrible things to themselves while being videotaped," security researcher chris hadnagy told cnnmoney.   they're going through some troubled times too, so it's pretty sad."   they're going to have to arrest me because that's my home."   they’re good, you can see that with their dynamic players.   they're having to worry about their safety on the way home.   "they're hitting the same shots, making the same swings, making the same mistakes and making the same putts', so i just made a few more putts."   they're hoping this week's snowstorms don't mess up their saturday wedding.   "they're making the effort to serve the public, but it's a risky job," she said.   "they're not being a smart-aleck by copying what you say or not answering you, or not looking you in the eye," said valerie.   "they're not making it easy.   "they're not recipients, they're participants in relation to (the justice system).   'they're not the villain' it’s not a perfect model.   “they’re playing fast, they’re playing physical.   they reported it january to the harbor branch oceanographic institution, which set out to find the calf and his mother.   they reportedly carried out five suicide bomb attacks on checkpoints along a motorway west of samarra.   they report for valor, but rarely, if ever, do they report for honor.   they're sick and tired of the people who want to perpetrate conflict."   they're spearheaded by the hollywood foreign press association (hfpa) to honour north american and foreign film, television and streaming productions.   "they're still using some of the techniques he learned in officer training school over at bishop carroll," his father said.   "they're thankful that they are not themselves living in plight.   they’re the americans i’m working for every day, and this year, several of these letter writers will join me at the capitol."   they’re the ones who become the full-time caregivers to people who are suffering serious trauma and we haven’t been there for them … that’s wrong, we need to change that.   "they're tough to pitch against so beating them is always fun."   they rolled it up all the time, which you're not supposed to do.   they said he was mired in gambling debts and told police he committed the crime after losing at least $, at a casino.   “they said, ‘i can’t believe you’re doing this.’   they said in the wake of devastation, there is strength in banding together.   they said israel later returned his body to his family and he would be buried on thursday.   "they said it's a needle in a haystack," schechter said.   they said that future studies should include a more diverse group of people.   they said that the us is still more likely to vote against the resolution than abstain.   they said the joint staff’s classified networks were unaffected and are operating normally.   they said there had been some issues regarding his booking and they would email him.   "they said they tried to save my car, which i really appreciated."   they said they will review them for release as soon as possible," clinton tweeted late wednesday night.   they say -year-old mark fortune backed his pickup over a rail as he tried to avoid hitting a spool of electrical cable on the platform.   they say after strangling her, she grabbed his gun and shot him once.   they say a possible motive was anger and frustration over his struggles to work and communicate with other researchers a competitive neuroscience program.   they say he ran off the road and hit a tree.   "they say i still got my noggin, so i'm happy," campbell said.   they say it will also give business groups a disproportionate influence over new regulation, and therefore, they argue, it is undemocratic.   they say life is returning to normal with roads open, enabling deliveries of food and medicine.   they say the blues have too many players of quality and experience to go much longer without a win, and fear they could be the team that allows the blues to break a winning drought that stretches to nine matches, including the last two games of .   they say the booze was estimated to be worth around £, in lost duty and taxes while £, in cash, business records and equipment was also taken.   they say the conservatives aren't distinguishing between the overwhelming majority of muslims, who disavow terrorism, and islamic extremists.   they say walkers plans to launch his long-expected run by filing the necessary paperwork thursday.   "they scored from a free-kick and then it was halftime.   they searched his car and found the machete and throwing knife.   "they seemed like they were just a little sharper, a little crisper, a little bit more on their toes early and it seemed to take us a while to get going.   they seemed really adamant that we are going to come and arrest you if you don't take care of this," said ireton, relaying the victim's conversation.   they seem not to realize that we can advance on three fronts simultaneously," zakharchenko said.   "they seem pretty shocked when you walk up to them, they don't know what they're getting," justin bird said with a laugh.   they seem to be fairly skinny, and maybe out of sympathy trying to feed them," cluff says.   "they seem to yearn for acceptance as a normal nation and that would confer it.   they served as redmayne’s foundation for understanding a little of the world when gender transition was less common.   they share carrey's attitude that vaccines are the work of greedy corporations and politicians -- an apparatus more interested in making money than safe products.   they should be clear that they aim to stigmatize the organizations (like fossil-fuel companies) that are being invested in, not those that do the investing (like universities, pension funds, or foundations).   they should get raises.   they should look like a fabulous freshly-picked bunch of flowers that you happen to be wearing on your head.   they should proceed.”   they show how the pain from the slump in the oil-by-rail industry has spread far and wide.   they simply have not been able to make a clutch play.   they speak an old version of the turkish language called the turkmen language.   they spent an extra month in space after their return was delayed following the failure of a rocket delivering supplies.   "they spent two hours there that night before using trolleys to wheel the two servers past the third-floor security desk, into a lift and out of the building."   they stuck to the party's narrative even when confronting the "not ready" line, with trudeau saying he was "not ready to watch hard-working canadians lose jobs and fall further behind."   they succeed big time in the specs department.   they suspect arthur may have altered the note after receiving her mother's signature.   "they swung the ball nicely and bowled good areas but our shot selection was very poor, and our defense more than anything else was an area that was a lot poorer than we would have liked," clarke said.   they take our natural resources and what are their obligations?” he said.   they take reservations, or call for exact hours due to weather at () -.   they talk to don hewitt, producer of the cbs show " minutes."   they teach us things we do not know we learned from seeing: that this girl is tough, that she has been through a lot of trouble and come out of it still capable, with the resilience of childhood.   "they tell you don't camp anywhere you see some bear activities.   "they tend to be adept at killing new ideas and excitement for innovation.   they then appear to begin pounding him.   they then reinvest profits in creating new companies to exploit different opportunities.   they think it's just fabulous, but it's not.   they thought he must be beyond saving when he suddenly came to and frantically pulled one of them close.   they threw for but did so averaging a season-high . yards per pass, as wilson hit on of attempts.   "they told us to take a train to calais and then the ferry and that's what we're going to do," he said, slinging his rackets over his shoulder.   they told us, 'wait, the doctor is coming now', but the child was almost dying in our arms."   "they took advantage of it."   they trail by four games with a home series coming up against the cardinals.   they trail the winnipeg blue bombers and b.c. lions by just six points.   the yuan closed up . percent at . to the dollar on thursday, after the central bank set a stronger daily reference rate for the currency.   "they used to be very easy to negotiate with, but times have changed."   they used to put french chalk down and where people had been backwards and forwards over it, it would turn black.   they've adapted to cold winters, but move slowly which is the only silver lining.   they've already got more than a dozen.   they’ve become a pricier option, too; what used to be cheap street food can run $ to $ from a trendy truck at lunchtime.   they've been bandaged up.   they've been celebrating their farewell for five years now, but will the german rockers ever stop?   "they've been killing all sorts of religious minorities in pakistan."   they've been saving up diligently since .   they've called in all their employees, made it an all-hands-on-deck kind of situation, so we're ready."   they’ve dismissed the dowsers’ occasional success as the equivalent of a fortunate roll of the dice — nothing but pure, simple luck.   they've even taken payment in kind with a running bar tab!   "they've had a couple decades of down years and it's pretty exciting to have a winner."   they've heard directly from jay z and timbaland, who explained how "big pimpin'" came together and why they believe they have the right to use the "khosara khosara" notes.   they've helped forge the identity of this place, and, to me, they help explain why so many people on the reservation won't consider coal development.   "they've hurt people that can't afford to be hurt.   they've made a new floor from barn siding sourced near carlson's father's birthplace in wisconsin, and pulled material for the walls from the floor of an old mansion on bushwick avenue.   "they've pretty much given industry free reign to roll over us," she told the associated press.   they've seen carcasses of deer near lac philippe.   "they've truly, like, given her the opportunity to live a much longer life and healthier life," said liz siebrecht, allexis's mother.   "they walk for kilometers (. miles) to go where they get registered, so they have to leave as much as they can at the beach so they can be a bit lighter," said pantelia, who was in lesbos for the charity save the children uk.   they want an additional safety net.   they want better public services in a country with daily electricity cuts and summer water shortages.   they wanted to see if and how being on vacation affected women’s judgment about the risks tied to such scenarios as sober and drunk penetrative and non-penetrative sex, protected and unprotected sex and sex with casual and steady partners.   they want food, fuel and electricity and yearn for a decent life.   they want it to be based on annual packages, instead of % of the monthly salary agreed to earlier this year.   they want rauner to ok a tax increase, but rauner first wants other reforms.   "they want to be me when they get older," said winkle.   "they want to drive something off the lot that -- that doesn't have as much mileage as me."   they want to win it.   they waved their tricolores as they waited for the main event: an appearance by marion marechal-le pen, the -year-old granddaughter of the party's founder.   they wear ribbons representing the lithuanian flag during an independence day event in vilnius, lithuania, march , .   "they went above and beyond the call to protect their fellow new yorkers," mayor bill de blasio said at a news conference early tuesday.   they were accused of setting up an "operations room" to prepare attacks against the state in the weeks after the army ousted islamist president mohamed morsi in july .   "they were all telling me like, 'hey, your brother's here,'" yelich recalled.   they were all trying to take pictures on their phones and were waving as he took off."   "they were almost ready to dig up our cemetery here — the big machine was knocking down small growth, and that's sacred."   they were also the result of lack of concern for what may go wrong," he wrote.   they were angry because the government wants to tighten the system still further by penalising radio stations if they just keep playing the same french hits over and again in order to fulfil their quota obligation.   they were being treated at the hospital and have not been identified, he said.   "they were certainly issues we would not have experienced in the paper and pencil world," said cheyenne mountain school district superintendent walt cooper.   they were cheered on from the stands in chile by key forward neymar, whose four-match ban for clashing with colombia players in the aftermath of thursday's match is being appealed by brazil.   they were concerned about causing alarm by closing contaminated hotels.   they were detained for not being able to prove that they were in hungary legally.   they were evacuated more than hours ago.   "they were exemplars for couples who aspired to be married," he added.   they were healthy and lived long lives.   they were increased every two weeks until a target dosage of grams (. ounces) of peanut protein was reached.   they were interrupted by tiefenbacher, who shouted at them, the news agency reported from pietermaritzburg high court.   "they were just trying to make it like everybody else."   "they were not moving," he said of the gunmen.   they were not unanimous, however, on the death penalty, which means holmes receives an automatic life sentence with no possibility of parole.   they weren't able to put a halo on him because of his fractured forehead."   "they weren't really getting up and cheering or anything for the bryans.   they were offered in government-run retail outlets that contributed to stabilizing prices and easing the hardships of ordinary syrians, businessmen say.   they were one of acts in the running for the prize as their record, released through virgin emi in may, saw them nominated.   "they were telling me stories the whole time about the war and that's where the passion came from into the tree," said jones.   they were throwing drawers open and moving through the house," he said.   "they were understandably emotional and upset by some of the things that they heard and some of the things that they saw," anderson said.   they were up . percent at gmt.   "they will be big losses for them.   they will be somewhat inexperienced, but dropping from arizona interscholastic association division ii to division iii combined with the tremendous amount of talent they have will provide them with a great opportunity to challenge for a playoff spot.   they will conjure up someone white, likely a man.   they will destroy everything” if they enter the site.   they will determine whether you are eligible for a premium subsidy and help you get premium tax credits and savings on out-of-pocket costs.   they will enhance the lives of a few fortunate mothers, too."   "they will have to meet these standards that have now been set that simply didn't exist before.   "they will not be successful if we speak openly about problems," he added.   they will often sleep in them to protect their stocks.   they will still be here, but on the inside they will be logging out of germany.   they win again, despite washington having two extra days to prepare for them after petersen’s signature - win over usc.   "they would be negligent if they did not do what the law states."   they would have been traumatized by seeing such offensive and graphic photos."   they would make paid family leave available to all workers, while providing new financial assistance to help people pay for child care, college and medical bills.   "they wouldn't be cool with it," the -year-old journalism student said, flipping her long black hair out of her face.   they wouldn't say, however, what time they are expected, citing privacy reasons.   "they wouldn't tell us anything," he said.   they would pay the toll, but the cost would be offset by a cut in the road tax that car owners in the country currently have to pay.   the zetland arms in kingsdown, near deal.   the zone, from somalia to nigeria to the mediterranean coast, is already a hot bed of jihadist activity.   the zoo also says that as the pandas enter breeding season, visitors can expect to see them out and about more often, hanging out between the three different panda yards.   the zx spectrum became a classic after its release in britain in and its success helped introduce a generation to computing and simple but addictive games.   thick, black smoke was seen coming from under a bridge on fowler street in roseburg monday.   things are competitive between germany, england and the italians, who are improving.   “things are looking good personally, my condition feels good, and the whole team is buzzing after winning the dauphine.   "things are looking very good.   things like the handling of uranium and plutonium do leave a lot of signatures and detectors can pick them up.   things will warm up as the week progresses, with a high of c by friday.   think again, says aarp fraud expert doug shadel, author of outsmarting the scam artists: how to protect yourself from the most clever cons.   think again: today the company quietly announced paragon -- but truth be told, we know almost nothing about the new title.   think of all the instagram possibilities!   think of all the ramifications of a person not feeling good about themselves and the self-destructive behaviors that can result.   think of it as a combination of a great rainy day fund and extra money to invest.   think of it as the farming equivalent of face tagging.   think of the app as a mix of periscope and twitch -- yes, there are plenty of ways to stream your face and your games to the world, but with mirrativ you're not limited to just either-or.   think super droughts, rising seas, mass extinctions and acidifying oceans.   think this won't happen, or is so rare as to not be worth worrying about?   thin tents at camping sites had to withstand up to a foot of mud, hundreds of cars were stuck and rubber boots were the most important accessory.   third, and finally, i recognize that while the dialogue in question purports to address ethics, it is inevitably as much about competing ideologies.   third, and most importantly for the future of the aca and the democratic party, state legislatures must ask their citizens to vote directly on obamacare.   thirty-five lighthouses were originally nominated for the status.   thirty-nine percent of americans overall said that's what we should do to make sure the children of unauthorized immigrants couldn't become citizens.   thirty-one people in the u.s. and mexico have died and many are still missing.   thirty states have held statewide ballots banning gay marriage since the year , and yet legislating from the bench has superseded both public approval and our elected representatives.   thirty-three troopers have resigned this year.   thirty years is enough."   this accounts for the cost to the emergency services, the insurance pay outs, and the loss of the contribution the victim would otherwise have made to the economy.   this, afterall, is the "ultramarathon man" who in ran miles nonstop for almost hours -- that's over three days without sleep (karnazes later said he experienced bouts of "sleep running," where his body kept jogging while his mind napped).   this after there were hints that blatter might change his mind once again.   “this agreement sends a powerful signal that the world is fully committed to a low-carbon future.”   this agreement was to be called the economic cooperation framework agreement (ecfa), and when beijing asked ma to jump, ma asked: “how high?”   “this all raises a red flag for us: how irving’s government entities are operating in the current climate,” said alia salem, executive director of the council’s north texas chapter.   this all sounds really complicated, can i just use something else?   this also comes after almost one year of negotiations with the united states and increased diplomatic correspondence in the past few weeks concerning turkey's contribution to the fight against is.   "this announcement may not remove all the rumors and hearsayers in the market but i hope it conveys the management's thoughts on this issue," yi said.   “this, apparently, was the golden age that i messed up, and they’re so glum, they’re really so frustrated,” obama added, barely containing his feelings about the republican cast of characters seeking his job.   “this arctic cold is potentially deadly and dangerous,” cnn meteorologist karen maginnis said.   "this argument that the assignment of cpos will be done based on the threat level does not make sense.   this article explains what small employers need to know about the punitive $ per-employee per-day penalty.   this article originally appeared on credit.com.   this background assumption colors so much of our public debate.   this being the th stop of this year’s caravan, he had been hearing some of the same questions over the two-week tour around the northeast.   this benefits google by ensuring that customers in developing markets use the company's core services (rather than rival software running on forked versions of android), while also providing a uniform user experience and building consumer confidence.   this bout goes to the pump, because at least grocery stores typically have anti-bacterial wipes next to the carts.   this brief peek, which debuted online over the christmas holiday, is cryptic to say the least.   this cactus was a “survivor,” leblanc said.   this card also carries no annual fee.   "this car is not a - lap track special.   "(this) carries special importance when north korea's nuclear and missile threats are growing," he was quoted as saying by the yonhap news agency.   this case, which has returned to the district court, is one to watch: it could have widespread implications for fake stash-house cases and the "selective enforcement" strategy.   this certainly puts a new spin on some words he shared with the crowds in union park last weekend, when he said, "i'm growing up.   "this change is going to help countless victims and will save lives, thank you."   this changes everything!   "this child couldn't hurt a fly and his life is gone.   this comes after police in newmarket, ont., shot and killed a black bear that was roaming in backyards.   this congress also led to the world conference against racism in durban south africa.   this consideration helped when, for example, the text discussed women in a way that made me uncomfortable.   this contrasts to greece which remains in its eu/imf program, almost five years and two bailouts after it had to seek international help.   this could be too optimistic.   this could be your child someday.   "this could have happened to my friends or myself," she told huffpost france.   this could just mean waiting in line longer at an atm.   this couldn't be further from the truth.   this could result in scams or malware being delivered to their supporters.   "this could work like insurance policies that people understand, like fire insurance," kim said.   this, coupled with the fact that gabe marks did not make it to the finalist round of the biletnikoff award, could serve to light a fire under wsu.   this credit agreement is secured by a first-priority lien on the current assets and second-priority lien on the fixed assets, intellectual property and equity interests of subsidiaries.   this credo places as much emphasis on the rights of fishing communities, as on the protection of endangered coral reefs or sea turtles.   "this crisis that has been there for decades, out of all the crises in front of us, is the one that is still possible to solve," she said.   this curfew is oppressive.   this daily roundup of news, weather and traffic stays live from a.m. to late morning.   this data, experts say, is worth a lot more to cybercriminals than, say, credit card information.   this date featured one of the oddest moments of the season, as big kenny went on an impromptu jog with a flustered jade.   this dec. , photo released by mexico's jalisco state prosecutor's office shows who au … he said that his wife, now , was addicted to vicodin and had given the painkiller to their son about five times.   this decline affects us all, as it poses a risk to food security.   this dedication to documenting the family allowed him to glimpse the happier moments as well.   this despite the revelation that percent of australian respondents believed their company's success in the next five years would depend on its ability to effectively use advanced analytics.   this devotion to canon makes the film, already enjoyable for its explosions and excellently 's hair metal soundtrack, even more satisfying.   this dialogue that is so evocative of the time and place just kind of floating around her head.   this does not feel like a close game.   "this does not mean that we're suggesting that the country should not be careful, should not be vigilant," said cho, whose church will participate in national refugee day.   this doesn't work.   this doesn’t work (sorry bernie.).   this drew anger from comedian jon stewart, who guilt-tripped congress into originally appropriating the funds back in and has been a passionate advocate for the first responders ever since.   this eases traffic patterns, makes food distribution more accessible and has been shown to have an array of academic benefits, as well.   this edition is no exception, with angel correa and giovanni simeone -- son of atletico madrid coach diego -- among those tipped to make an impact.   "this election should serve to end the independence debate once and for all," casado said.   this enzyme activity isn’t gentle on cell structures, but it is what makes aged beef more tender.   this essay is adapted from the introduction to a new edition of fran ross’s “oreo,” out in july from new directions.   "this europe agreed to stay together," he said. : after almost two hours of consultations with angela merkel, francois hollande and alexis tsipras, eu council president donald tusk has recommenced the euro summit in brussels.   this evening saturn will sit a couple of degrees to the moon's lower right.   this example shows where economic thought can diverge from real people — there was no logical reason the students should have reacted more positively to their second score, but because they did, thaler was able to do what he wanted without the grief.   this experience has warped his sense of who to cheer for in the alcs.   this extends all the way to the park’s commitment to not allow even a single stray piece of garbage to litter the streets.   this fall, fellows will volunteer for hours over a four-month period, earning $, each.   this family, this tragedy that we all saw yesterday, is happening over and over because of that tragedy that has people coming out of syria, out of iraq, into the neighbouring countries and onto the shores of the mediterranean."   this feature tracks the installations of apps, the number of active users, user retention, and so much more.   this followed reports that hooded gunmen armed with kalashnikov rifles had opened fire on police officers in the mediterranean port city.   this follows similar moves from takoma park, the first jurisdiction to allow people under the right to vote, and hyattsville.   "this forces us to seek justice for antonio and his family in a different forum, one of the family's choosing, not in the police home court," the statement said.   this gallery was curated by photo editor tomas stargardter in mexico city.   this gave birth to the struggle that characterised the decade -, between "blairites" and "brownites".   this gaylord watson railroad map of the united states dates from the early s.   "this girl was always in the hands of that man because the woman would leave to go to work," said prosecutor monalisa munoz.   this group will form a strong presence at the business summit, which is expected to attract more than , people to paris.   "this guy can't negotiate out of a paper bag."   "this had come about only a day before she came to see us, and about three weeks after she returned from grenada."   this had obviously had been killed somewhere else and brought here."   this happened on july st, at about : a.m., near the dekalb avenue - flatbush avenue station on a southbound q train.   "this happens in bad weather."   this happens sometimes and for multiple reasons: buyer-financing difficulties, a family emergency, problems found at inspection, or even a low appraisal.   "this has always been about the politics of the distribution of the cost," shapiro said.   this has been adjusted.   this has been a long time coming," obama said in remarks delivered at the white house rose garden.   this has been an emotional time, an emotional negotiation for all sides.   this has been a very great learning experience for me.   "this has been my main focus: getting back, getting prepared and then coming here for this," he said.   "this has been tremendously upsetting for landowners in this process and the fact that political leaders have just tried to kick our butts along with transcanada has been tremendously disappointing," said thompson.   this has caused protest from ngos who say it's hypocritical to seek sponsorship from oil and construction companies whose profit model depends on emissions.   this has given me the opportunity to appreciate what my father took pride in teaching me about the fields.   "this has gone from aiding and abetting to him being labeled a killer," nunez said of his son.   this has made me realize that our time of innocence is over."   this has not remained unaddressed either.   "this has repercussions in the long term."   "this heartbreaking incident will impact many of our fellow citizens, and i ask all arizonans to keep them and the family of the individual lost in their thoughts and prayers as they cope with this tragedy," he said.   this heat wave will also be intense.   this, he said, is in comparison to the , officers a statistics canada survey revealed were working in ontario in .   this, he says, is in part down to the characterisation of his uber-offensive movie mogul, which conflicts with piven's jewish-buddhist belief system.   this holds true for young people, north and south.   this homeowner did not want to be on camera but she says the k.i.d. water restrictions have changed her neighborhood.   "this human tragedy was too cruel for the children to bear.   this idea of an alternative is creating hope."   this image released by philip rinaldi publicity shows larry david during a performance of the comedy …   this image released by the royal thai police on wednesday, aug. , , shows a detailed sketch of … "he didn't do it alone, for sure.   this image was taken on tuesday, july , by new horizons when it was about million miles from the planet.   this indicates that the extremists are well informed about their targets.   this initiative, also known as one belt, one road, aims to build infrastructure links from china to europe and the rest of asia, cementing ties with central asian and middle eastern neighbours en route.   this injected code in the svchost.exe is the same process that will encrypt the data on the computer based on file-types.   this international non-profit, which shares the benefits of crop biotechnology with various stakeholders, says even small countries like vietnam have approved the use of bt and ht corn to increase the competitiveness of their farmers.   "this investigation has been going on for over a year and yet the very week they announce a pending indictment comes within hours after sen. menendez showing courage to speak out against president obama's dangerous foreign policy," he said.   this involves some risk but you also get the opportunity of reaching $ plus profits in just four weeks time.   "this is a big game," bickings said.   this is a clear example how the tycoons affect the distribution of profits earned by state-run companies.   "this is a cynical effort by republican senators to undermine sensitive international negotiations.   this is a decision meant to increase security and stability across the pc user base, but it comes at a cost.   this is a developing story.   “this is a far different approach than if we were to decide ourselves that it was our responsibility to defeat” isil inside iraq, dempsey said.   "this is a first tentative step into unconventional policy territory," loynes said.   this is a game that, in its best moments, is as fun as assassin’s creed gets.   this is a golden opportunity for the labor party to claw back some credibility as the party of the people.   “this is a great example of reuse,” feldman said.   this is a great opportunity for our church to share the truth and love of jesus christ and we are going to do it."   “this is a historic day in egypt where the government has finally corrected a longstanding injustice,” she said in a statement.   this is also an opportunity for a potluck to share the cost of your feast.   this is also a value which is fundamental for the eu, because by definition eu means diversity and of course it is with diversity that the eu was constructed and has to be constructed", the ambassador said.   "this is a massive crime against human rights," ruth jüttner of amnesty international told dw.   this is a massive undertaking, but levanto is up to the task.   "this is an actual house with real people.   this is an adaptive change that allows it to sustain the increased workload.   "this is a new surge," says sergei kuznetsov.   this is an extremely manageable amount for a country as large as the united states, which had planned to resettle , refugees this year as part of its regular refugee program -- before the global refugee crisis hit the headlines.   "this is an incident we've never had before."   "this is an opportunity for social entrepreneurs, who are willing to help suffering people feel better and expand the zone of freedom in our country.   "this is an outdoor event," the advisory warns.   this is an unbelievable win for us.   this is an urgent global priority because , people die every day from hunger and poverty-related diseases.   this is a picture of the calgary transit decals made to help stop vandalism at bus stops.   this is a risky play since it’s been used a lot.   "this is a sad day for our city," mayor markurth told public broadcaster ndr.   this is a seattle team that has learned how to amp up its already prodigious intensity in the playoffs.   "this is a serious thing.   'this is a small impact.   "this is a speed bump in terms of the total return that we expect from this flyby."   this is a substantial drop in support since the last parliamentary election in , and a dramatic change in fortunes since erdogan was elected president in august with more than half the electorate behind him.   this is a term often used for hedge funds and other non-bank players in the financial world.   "this is a tragic loss of life and we deeply mourn the death of robert.   "this is a very small close where all the houses are in close proximity to each other.   this is a windows-only utility, so os x users are out of luck i'm afraid.   "this is bad stuff.   this is beauty and health anti-aging from the inside out.   this is because a huge proportion of the nation's population is concentrated in the capital, as many mongolians see low economic prospects elsewhere in the country.   this is because cnn takes the average of all polls to choose its top . ellspermann believes something needs to be done to change this.   “this is being done countrywide and it is a clear admission that the resettled farmers lack the means or funding to fully utilise the land,” olivier said.   'this is dangerous behaviour.'   this is different from a pregame locker-room prayer where attendance is mandatory.   this is done with the help of syria.   this is especially so in the social media age as once private political opinions become public at lightning speed, he said in an interview.   "this is exactly what's threatening the ultra-orthodox," said mordechai goldman, a consultant on ultra-orthodox issues and analyst for the al-monitor website.   this is extraordinarily valuable, and it’s a type of care that doctors cannot provide.   this is far from the first time the syrian electronic army has launched a political cyberattack against well-known targets.   this is for the big boys.’   this is for two reasons.   this is highly experimental treatment and we don't know yet whether it's of benefit to her."   "this is his last producorial way of screwing me over, that on my anniversary, i have to go to his memorial."   this is his second attempt.   "this is history," said rebecca ostrega, a -year-old deadhead who brought her -year-old son.   this is just another salvo in what will be an extended battle for ride-sharing companies trying to maintain business models that keep all drivers as independent contractors.   this is known to many of us, but we had better keep it in the forefronts of our minds.   "this is like wondering whether jon snow is really dead in 'game of thrones.'   this is lpcc giving back.   "this is made up of a network of european accelerators including numa in france, beta-i in portugal, tetuan valley in spain, and h-farm in italy.   this is my th meeting and i don't recall having enjoyed a single one.   this is my reality.   "this is my reward," towers said.   "this is no reality show.   “this is not about the right of people to be recognized with race or creed or color.   "this is not a challenge that italy or malta or greece should face alone."   this is not a club we wanted to join.   “this is not an easy day for many people in this building.   this is not an easy thing to do as employees are often eager to please those above them and don't want to criticize or question their higher-ups.   this is not an issue only facing the university of missouri, but a fundamental human rights issue.   this is not a shy movie.   this is not canada, and the kind of leadership and divisive politics that he’s playing is dangerous and irresponsible.”   this is not just bad for families, but bad for our economy, which to a large extent is driven by consumer demand.   this is not on the itinerary but residents of kogelo are still hoping he'll squeeze it in to his packed schedule.   "this is not something we want to do," said winter.   this is not the first time a presidential candidate has been pressed with anti-muslim rhetoric.   "this is not the first time where a lower court judge has blocked something or attempted to block something that ultimately is going to be lawful, and i'm confident that it is well within my authority."   “this is not the way we want to go,’’ carroll said this week.   "this is not the worst record to run on," says hedge fund billionaire jim chanos, who has pledged his support for joe biden.   “this is not touch dna, this is dna that is in significant quantities that you can't get from just merely touch dna,” spokane county sheriff ozzie knezovich said.   "this is not your everyday case," gruchy stated friday, referring to the case against brandon phillips.   this is now growing upwards.   this isn't news - as nhs staff know better than anyone, things have been bad for a long time.   this isn't the dreck you're looking for.   " this isn't the first crowdfunding effort the museum of science fiction has launched.   this isn't the first time the eu has tried to block a merger of u.s. companies.   "this is nuts," said hale, thanking his show's writers and lauding his fellow nominees: "you make me laugh hard."   this is officially called clearaudio+, with sony claiming that it is superior to other technologies.   "this is one community that knows all these different versions of dice games," researcher gabriel yanicki said.   this is one of the rare moments in which one can feel pleased about the country.   this is one of those rare movies that’s a true ensemble piece: though michael keaton plays the leader of the spotlight team, writer/editor walter “robby” robinson, it’s a murderers’-row lineup of equals.   "this is our judicial sovereignty."   "this is our second visit to lori region in the framework of cooperation with orange foundation.   "this is our workspace right here," she said walking through the bright kitchen.   this is perhaps not surprising for a man brought up in the soviet union, where history was vetted to glorify communism, denigrate the west and denounce "enemies of the people".   "this is predominately to see that we give a competitive edge for our customers, the carriers."   this is really not like any other set – i feel like i can talk here."   "this is really sad news for patriots fans who enjoyed watching sam adams play and the many patriots teammates who played with him throughout the s," kraft said in a statement.   this is san francisco, and weirder people have done weirder things here.   this is sensitivity but also intolerance, and it is disproportionately an instinct on the left.   "this is something that didn't happen overnight."   "this is something that has changed in baseball over the last two, three years, and it's completely different," said jed lowrie, the shortstop of the houston astros, easily the shiftiest team in the major leagues last year.   this is something that we have never seen before, the extent of isil. , foreign fighters coming in from countries all around the world.   "this is standard procedure."   "this is such a tip of the iceberg.   "this issue is high on the radar and we're going to keep it high on the radar," bellegarde said in a veiled reference to an answer harper gave cbc news chief correspondent peter mansbridge in an interview one year ago.   "this is systematic.   this is systemic economic mismanagement and underperformance for a decade."   this is the th time google has cinched first place.   this is the best feeling in the world."   this is the company set up by simon fuller, former manager of the spice girls, and which now boasts a roster including the likes of lewis hamilton.   this is the farthest vinci has advanced in a grand slam singles event.   this is the first alternative for germany (afd) convention without the party's founder, bernd lucke, who was forced out in a power struggle this summer.   this is the first leap second since to tick during stock market trading hours, further raising the stakes.   "this is the first time a major credit rating agency has been subject to a time out," ceresney said.   this is the first time it has offered regular-season games.   this is the franchise’s first postseason berth and first winning season since it moved from detroit before the season.   this is the last weekend to shop the craft show it closes this sunday with a special closing party from - pm.   this is the national instant criminal background check system, also known as nics.   “this is the nineteen-thirties original warner bros. slide guitar,” daugherty said, and the crowd oohed.   this is the opportunity the libyans cannot afford to miss," she said.   this is the origin of the critique that sanders has weak gun-control credentials for a progressive.   this is the perfect opportunity, if we feel that things are slipping, to report any symptoms we might notice.   this is the point of the revolution.   "this is the problem with english," hasell said, adding she wished that at some point clarifying language had been introduced.   this is the real bad.”   "this is the result of a lax approach and the mosqueization of france," a far-right standard bearer said.   this is the result of a november court ruling that reversed a decision to terminate sandusky's pension under a state law that allows the termination of pensions of public employees convicted of a "disqualifying crime."   "this is the revolutionary spirit," says the accompanying text in the tweet.   this is the same reason mel brooks featured "springtime for hitler" in his hit musical comedy, "the producers": it was a way of using comedy as revenge.   this is the second kayak incident in dungeness bay in four months.   “this is throwing the gauntlet down and saying, ‘here’s proof this is a problem,’” says kamkar.   this is too much for anyone to bear.   "this is true of art, which is open to interpretation by the viewer."   this is typical of the downward spiral.   this is unlikely but their mind set is understandable.   this is what awaits refugees like these afghan men: a cot in a tent many pashtuns, tajiks, hazaras and members of other ethnic groups cannot convince authorities that they aren't safe anywhere in the country.   this is what's called a "problem."   "this is what the country spends for national security for the whole year," says adomas audickas, who runs a team in the economics ministry spearheading the privatisation process.   "this is where everything is going to go.   “this is where our many education and awareness programs and outreach activities can help,” says mr. jiwa.   "this is where the discussion should start, this is where the discussion should end," he said.   this is where the world's first cities were built and where writing and organized government were first developed more than , years ago.   this is why if you play enough blackjack, eventually you'll lose.   "this is why i hate coming to dayton," he wrote in the caption.   "this is why we're adamant that this relationship is between the federal government, ourselves and our own citizens."   this, it should be noted, is increasingly the line taken in moscow.   this june , photo shows fegato alla veneziana in concord, n.h. this recipe was adapted from lu … an even simpler dish — and certainly less elegant — was what italians call pasta al forno, but americans know as lowly mac and cheese.   this june, massad announced a proposal that would force u.s. banks’ overseas operations to comply with one slice of american swaps rules – setting aside collateral when trading in a category of swaps.   "this killing indicates the detachment of city leaders from the plight of black, teenage youth on the south side of chicago and a willingness by the city to criminalize blackness as opposed to reforming structural inequality."   this leaves him haunted and alone, although just as potently attractive to women.   this list is not intended as a recommendation of any particular company but as a starting point for your research.   this makes it all the more important that the taboo has been broken and the issue of the genocide is now discussed.   this makes it even easier to import events and other invitations.   "this malfunction causes the air bag status/readiness indicator lamp to illuminate and the air bag system remains disabled until repaired."   this man and his son are per cent related.”   this marks the second straight poll where a majority disapproves of obama following a late spring/early summer flip into positive territory.   this mars an otherwise sophisticated effort, but shows abraham's growing confidence in directing.   this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.   this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.   this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.) paris (ap) - french president says he will declare state of emergency and close borders.   this may also be a factor for some jihadists who fought in syria and iraq - at least in the early stages of the war when jihadists did not commit the atrocities that "islamic state" (is) has become known for.   "this may be pointing to a volcano-like origin of the spots, but we will have to wait for better resolution before we can make such geologic interpretations," chris russell from the dawn mission said.   this may be true.   this may seem incongruous, for the islamic republic of iran represents itself as the guardian of social standards against western decadence.   this may well be true but that doesn't mean that a lot of british muslims want to bring back stoning, amputations and beheadings.   this mean higher production cost companies will slowly leave the market, right?   this means all official signs and announcements must be written in english, while all government officials, including police and immigration officials, must be able to communicate in english.   this means hundreds of people without homes have lost regular access to breakfast and dinner meals and to sanitation facilities including restrooms and showers.   this means only small bags or clear bags are acceptable.   this means that, as the economy grows, state revenues grow more slowly.   this means that in areas with limited mobile connectivity, updates to the records will subsequently be synced with the central database once internet connectivity returns.   this means that purging the use of the n-word from all american discourse (aside from being a baldly racist double standard) would not accomplish anything whatsoever towards the cause of racial justice or harmony.   "this means that there are many (brands) out there that do not have any problems."   this means there are now more anti-establishment votes for the taking than establishment ones.   this means the right to impose restrictions on the freedom of movement of eu citizens through visa controls.   this means the supersonic parachute will have to create sufficient atmospheric drag to slow the vehicles down so they can be landed safely.   this meant that his classmates included nonverbal children with downs syndrome and intellectual disability.   this meeting of minds served to create an engaging and forward-thinking discussion on the future of the industry.   this method is far from perfect, though, and requires extremely detailed seismological data, which simply isn't available for most regions.   this month, bond rating agency fitch gave iraq its first rating, calling it "b-" with a stable outlook.   this month it also began marketing so-called advanced aspirin devised to dissolve more quickly in the bloodstream.   this month we follow noma's rene redzepi to istanbul.   "this morning, we talked about it one last time."   "this move will have a complicated influence on regional security and strategic stability," the news agency said, paraphrasing chang.   “this never happened to me before,” mark muttered.   this new breed of developers is not just targeting serious gamers, he said.   this new proposal risks further alienating teaching unions who've had a fractious relationship with the government.   "this new streetcar line will help transform this historic corridor, revitalize neighborhoods and connect works with jobs," morrell said.   this new thinking opens up the theater for other disciplines to lay claim to being central to future progress and thus being included in special government funding programs.   "this not only is the biggest crisis of integrity faced by the company since its founding, but also has hurt other internet companies that try to operate legally."   this not only makes us feel great but can also prevent injury the same way i train my pro athletes for injury prevention, by taking them out of their muscular compensation patterns.   this organization provides strong role models and tools for personal growth and support, and have the ability to unlock a child's potential.   this overpumping is exacerbated by the extreme drought in california, which is now in its fourth year.   this pairing of subjects brings new interest to both the sciences and the arts.   this particular one has a nest, has raised young here, is quite familiar with where to fish and find food."   this particular program hand-picked female entrepreneurs including ciara clancy () from ireland of beats medical, who has developed a technology which allows people with parkinson’s to walk normally again and costs just a euro a day.   this past weekend, news broke that the philadelphia ers were fined $ million by the nba for seemingly duping the pelicans into taking holiday and his $ million contract off their hands two years ago.   this past week grande was named first team all-state football.   this percentage was the lowest reported among any age group.   this photo provided by courtesy of hbo shows, carice van houten, in a scene from "game of thron … abrams currently has a cut of the film and is in the editing phase.   this photo shows a wildfire as it approaches the shore of bass lake, california, in mid-september.   this picture shows a general view of the prison, top center, and the house, bottom right, from which taliban militiamen dug the tunnel leading to the prison.   this piece of trickery transforms what could be nauseatingly rapid scene shifts into a tolerable, cohesive whole.   "this pipeline would neither be a silver bullet for the economy, as was promised by some, nor the express lane to climate disaster proclaimed by others," obama said in the roosevelt room.   this plains cree woman first hit the hip-hop scene back in with her debut ep.   "this president has a bad habit of accusing other people of making false choices, but he presented the ultimate false choice last week when he said it's either this deal or war," he said in comments first noted by buzzfeed news.   "this production includes a scene which puts the spotlight on the brutal reality of women being abused during war time, and sexual violence being a tragic fact of war," he said.   this programme ceased in ."   this prompted the south to start broadcasting anti-pyongyang propaganda into north korean territory once more.   “this purpose-built facility is ideal for patients with autoimmune, orthopedic, cardiovascular and neurological conditions to safely receive the highest possible therapeutic dose of adrcs due to their technological investments.”   this raises the question of whether lumacaftor contributes any added benefit over kalydeco as a standalone drug, as well as whether kalydeco by itself has a positive effect on the patient population, they said.   this really answered my problem, thank you! spletno oglaševanje february , : pm spletno oglaševanje - find out more on the advantages and downsides of each of such methods.   this recession is the deepest and longest of the past years.   this report contains material from reuters.   this report, the world market for cancer therapeutics provides an in-depth analysis of the market for cancer drugs, with a focus on novel therapies.   "this report was not designed for a man of mr. trump's massive wealth," the press release stated.   this resulted in a proved recycle ratio of . and a proved plus probable recycle ratio of ..   this resulted in a return to profitability for the company, posting au$. million in full-year profit for .   this resulted in a vast volume of water running off the surrounding hills into the area's river systems, overwhelming communities' flood defences, even those recently improved after damaging floods less than a decade ago.   this result, fletcher said, suggests that ingredients in the energy drink other than caffeine were conspiring to raise blood pressure.   this rise has now occurred, allowing us to draw a dark red arrow from current levels toward the extended green box that still includes the target zone, only after a few extra days.   this same week opened with the bloomberg new energy finance regional summit at a stunningly refurbished old brewery in the city of london.   "this season is going to be tough and expectations will still be high, but we are having to plan a vision for the next few years.   this season, liverpool's remaining strikers have failed to fill the goal gap left by sturridge's repeated absence and the departure of star forward luis suarez to spanish giants barcelona.   this seems like an obvious question to answer, but you’d be surprised how many entrepreneurs fail to elaborate on their plan.   this seems quite reasonable.   "this should deepen ukrainian-canadian cooperation, boost bilateral investment.   this should free a lot of wrongfully imprisoned dogs.   “this should not be an ugly divorce," a source told the publication.   this simple addition to the wine bottle mould, devised by zhang jian, makes it possible to keep bottles flat and prevents them from rolling, without the need for a rack.   this situation is made worse because many women are ignorant of their universal human rights and cannot imagine recourse to justice or equality.   this solid system is now available for both publishers and advertisers.   this south korean flick is a “battle of the sexes” featuring a virgin female urologist and a sexually impotent male gynecologist who open clinics next to each other in the same building.   "this species now apparently only lives in tiny, fragmented stands of intact forest that are under threat," baker added.   "this spending review is still one of the tightest in post-war history," he said.   this story complements the culinary journeys tv series, airing monthly on cnn international.   this story has been corrected to show that a total of people died in the attacks in paris in january.   this story has been corrected to show the data was released tuesday, not thursday.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story is part of broadband.   this story is part of danger in the air.   this story is part of primary source.   this story previously said that t-mobile's unlimited plans eventually switch over to g speeds.   this story was provided by astrobiology magazine, a web-based publication sponsored by the nasa astrobiology program.   this story was reported by mike prager, eli francovich, nicholas deshais, kip hill and nina culver.   this strategy hasn't succeeded yet, but despite vigorous resistance by hezbollah, the shiite militant group that dominates lebanon, isis was able to control part of the lebanese territories by the border with syria.   "this successful program is unrelated to the current issues surrounding fifa and we believe that this unilateral decision will negatively impact the fight against criminal activity," fifa said in a statement.   this suggests that the obama administration will continue to indirectly ratchet up the islamic republic's global legitimacy and projection of power in order to fulfill washington's unwillingness to take decisive actions.   this, taken with the prospect of a rate hike at the federal reserve later this year that could drive up car loan interest rates, is not an encouraging sign.   this time, anderson held it together, with the help of aces and total winners.   this time around, priebus was elsewhere, and republicans made little mention the abortion issue at their winter meeting.   this time around, some democrats privately worried that, perhaps, they had finally learned their lesson and would moderate positions.   this time around, the countdown made it to zero without incident, and the climb out of the dense lower atmosphere appeared to go smoothly.   "this time chief hoover said, 'that's what they deserve,' " stone alleges.   this time, however, unlike at the ditto, there will be more than a few dozen fans.   this time i locked in a rate of .%, which lowered my monthly mortgage, and left enough room for me to rent a studio that came with solitude.   this time, the company will protect itself from soaring rents.   this time, the roles were reversed: raymond's uncle carried the rings and helen's sister carried the flowers.   this train wreck provided all the material to feed the supermassive black hole that is now driving the huge galactic-scale outflow."   this trend was even more pronounced in the industrial segment, which covers warehouse jobs, the firm found.   this tv movie follows a young girl in who wants to know if santa really exists.   this uncertainty has only helped to sow divisions within the taliban, as one faction or another compete to speak in omar's name and doubts grow about edicts issued in his name.   this undated file image posted on a militant website on tuesday, jan. , , which has been verified and is consistent with other ap reporting, shows isis fighters marching in raqqa, syria.   "this u-turn explains why the snp spends all its time complaining about powers it doesn't have," he said.   this walkout forces district leaders to add another day to the end of the school year in order to meet state requirements.   this was a collective suicide involving several persons.   this was a pleasant side effect but not a goal.   this was a really absurd situation."   this was a serious mistake given the strategic importance of national treasury.   "this was a tragic but avoidable accident, caused primarily by human error," campbell said.   this was before the days of youtube."   this was especially true for me.   this was in reykjavík, iceland, last year, on a tuesday in the nightless month of june.   "this was just a few days after (hoffman) died," jennifer lawrence says.   this was just the latest in a series of such incidents to hit the us.   this was more like david lynch! - seahawks, with : left.   “this was not a cut by congress.   "this was not domestic violence for many reasons including the fact that the woman with the knife is not in a relationship with mr. galette nor do they live together," whalen's statement said.   this was not enough to successfully be elected.   this wasn't the only comment carson made toward trump this week.   this was one of two cantonese opera troupes set up by lam ka-sing.   this was one tired team and for good reason.   this was probably not accidental.   this was the advice a colleague offered when i told him what i was facing.   this was the least-hyped stones tour that i can recall and i have pretty much seen them all.   "(this) was the original role of a record store," says godfroy.   this was the start of the epic convulsion known as the arab spring.   this was totally different," said gordon.   "this was very clearly not a case of no snitching, but there was a lot of fear," mccarthy said.   this was very hard to do precisely, but thanks to the team at the university of arizona's steward observatory mirror lab, we have been able to retire this challenge and are on our way to producing all of the mirrors for the gmt."   this way, businesses will be able to meet a wider range of customer preferences and offer support and information to customers through their preferred channel of communication.   this web site uses cookies to improve your experience.   this week also sees the film premieres of brooklyn (with saoirse ronan), trumbo (with bryan cranston), and the peanuts movie (with a cgi version of charlie brown and gang).   this week, docker announced swarm, which provides native clustering for dockerized distributed apps.   this weekend, citizens, scholars and activists from around the country are meeting for a summit at the university of the district of columbia to plan for a powerfully inclusive climate movement.   "this weekend has become fertile ground for politicians -- people running for local, county and state offices, even some seeking to become governor."   this weekend (june and ) for eastern state's annual prison food weekend, a caterer will make the nutraloafs served in state prisons in idaho (the breakfast version), california, illinois (the vegan option), vermont, and pennsylvania.   "this week, germany allocated eur million, which we will be able to use to purchase gas in order to ensure energy security in winter, and which will be used to support government efforts and the reform process.   this week's all together was produced by katelyn boguki and edited by jorge corrona.   this week she put it to use.   this week, the panel subpoenaed blumenthal to testify on capitol hill.   this week, tsarnaev's lawyers asked a federal appeals court to order o'toole to move the trial or to suspend jury selection until he ruled on their third change-of-venue motion.   this whirlwind of a pope is assailing the imagination not only of the catholic base, but also of the upper echelons of the church hierarchy, through drastic power redistribution.   "this wildfire is threatening the access in and out of the community, but not the community itself," said wildfire information officer janelle lane.   this will allow the second reading to happen by july . this is the deadline – if we want to have the law finalized and signed by the president,” he said.   "this will be a much wetter and heavier snow, since we will be bringing in moisture from the pacific and gulf of mexico."   this will be chris hinnenkamp's th season in the program.   this will be the second full moon this month.   this will help first responders.   “this will help to establish a common denominator between patients and surgeons, which might ultimately lead to higher patient satisfaction.”   this will hurt low income folks, because they spend a larger portion of their income on non-discretionary things like fuel to get to work and heating their homes, and they have fewer cost-shifting methods available.   this will need effort and money," said dr. tom ellman, a director at doctors without borders in southern africa.   this will not be tolerated especially by those on the left who are drunk on spending others money.   this will, of course, come as a disappointment to ukrainian leaders.   this work gave a framework for me to see the scripture in a new way.   "this work will continue as the health and safety of our players remains our highest priority," the statement concluded.   this would be both scientifically and ethically preferable, said lang, since if a trial has to be stopped because it runs out of participants with the relevant disease, then everyone who has taken part until then has run a needless risk.   this would effectively all but eliminate refugee immigration from those two countries by creating significant and perhaps unclearable hurdles for the agencies in charge of overseeing admission to the united states.   this would further increase the risks for renzi because his senate majority is much slimmer.   this would help to protect and possibly even improve the soil - preventing a dry spell from becoming a disastrous drought.   this would not have been unusual as gliniewicz was the type of officer who considered himself on-duty as soon as he rolled into town, he said.   "this would obviously be an advantage for some women, but they're few and far between," the -year-old added, quoted by local media.   this would save more than $ billion in medicare costs, the clinton campaign projects.   this year, at least two tribal sessions were held for lawmakers over statements they made against each other in the media.   this year harvard said it accepted .% of applicants who applied for a spot in the class of .   this year has been a productive year so far and i look forward to accomplishing even more over the next few months as the legislature resumes budget negotiations.   this year has not been anywhere near as successful for donaldson and he has fallen to th in the world.   this year, however, unseasonal rain and hailstorms in march destroyed millions of acres of farmland in the region, causing heartache for debt-ridden farmers, and leading dozens to kill themselves.   this year its forecast to get percent, maybe even more.   "this yearly male suicide mission, which halves each antechinus population, means the mums have enough spiders and insects to eat while they raise the next precious generation," he said.   this year marked the project's th year, and over four million marigolds being planted.   this year meals on wheels actually started their fan distribution two weeks earlier than usual and is in need of more fans.   this year, mormon leaders supported a law passed by utah’s republican-dominated state government that outlawed housing and employment discrimination against gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people.   this year's balloting for nearly all of haiti's public offices have been the first elections under martelly's tenure.   this year’s collection is focused on bringing back the glamour and glitz of estée lauder’s heritage compacts and interpreting them in a new and modern way.   this year's competition attracted a record number of entries, compared to just five in when masvinu began his winning streak.   this year's go topless day is coming up next sunday, august rd.   this year's lineup includes kanye west, the who and lionel richie.   this year's team would prefer to make a return to the post-season under less duress.   this year’s theme, “romance blossoms,” nods to their valentine’s day weekend timing.   this year that clothing will come from "certified animal fashion designer" ada nieves, who will be staging the show in the hotel’s oak room.   this year the ceremony was held in baltimore, the largest city in the u.s. state of maryland, and the largest independent city in the united states.   this year, the district is hoping to pass another school bond.   this year, the forest service, which is responsible for most of the country's fire-fighting efforts, has a budget of $ million for fire suppression and another $ million in a special account created in for fire fighting.   this year the male and female osprey have two chicks in their nest, and within the next few weeks they will develop wing feathers and learn to fly and hunt.   "this year they didn't have any and i got into a panic," said woldring, who tried various retailers with no luck.   this year though, heightened security marks the religious pilgrimage due to the terrorist threat in the region.   this year, water levels sit a bit higher due to heavy rain, covering obstructions that can pose danger.   this year, we evaluated hotel loyalty programs and for the third consecutive year, marriott rewards came out on top.   this year, we've had intermittent rain through the season, so it's a good year for them."   thomas aniska walked with two outs in the first.   thomas chastised the majority for failing to set a workable standard for the state of mind that prosecutors must prove when going after threats made on social media, musical or not.   thomas says cosby offered her a glass of chablis, and she later woke up with cosby next to her in bed, naked, and "forcing himself in my mouth."   thomas says he doesn't think basic drainage, a playground and the ice-skating rink would have a negative impact on the peaceful enjoyment of the park.   ’ thomas suffered a dislocated shoulder in the nfc championship game while chancellor injured his knee in practice last friday.   thomas will, deputy head of the office, said there are currently open investigations against former auschwitz guards, and charges have been filed in three of those cases including groening.   thompson has reported on the economic impact of hurricane katrina and its aftermath, the increased cost of health care and its impact on the economy, alternative fuel vehicles, identity theft, and the politics of the credit card industry.   thompson says he has also hosted guests from mainland china, but only after they sent him messages saying they opposed communist rule.   thompson told police he worked on the thermostat in shirley's home at mark's request.   thomson said the minister responsible for emergency management would be visiting the region on tuesday.   "those are good players and a good football team.   those are the sorts of questions that are going to go on in the minds of people thursday night."   "those are very important cases and they're horrific, but more than half of mass killings actually occur among family," upton said.   those attending should plan on arriving between and : p.m. the moon will rise about : p.m. and will already be partially eclipsed when it rises.   those bones are thinner and often longer than the first metatarsal, and the most “stress” is placed on them when walking or running, he said.   those choosing an sr model will experience a ride much more reminiscent of high-end sports cars because of a large front stabilizer bar and monotube rear dampers.   those complaints cover all sorts of things, from reports of callers impersonating the internal revenue service to people whose social security numbers were used to file fraudulent tax returns.   those concerned about tehran's role in iraq "should come and help the iraqis in order to limit that interference," al-mutlaq said.   those "concrete actions" wouldn't have to lead to any actual or tangible progress.   “those considering jumping ship now are well behind in the process.”   those could be critical points for a grand jury to consider.   “those days are few and far-between, though, and the flip side is the endless human variety.   those defendants present chanted "allahu akbar," meaning "god is the greatest," as they were sentenced.   those delivering the message, overseeing, encouraging, inspiring healthy living, will be the local family doctor and nurse.   those drawn to isis have also skewed younger and more female than previous generations of american militants.   those failures have included broken anchor rods, leaks, substandard welds and, more recently, flooding of more than steel rods that anchor the tower to its foundation and could be susceptible to corrosion.   those four words became the subject of the latest legal battle.   those guys are battling for the football, so it was a fantastic effort on the night on defense all night long.   those guys, everybody could have been stopped.”   those higher rents coincide with a flurry of sales of older apartments.   those in attendance will then learn the name of the nutcracker, as chosen by the festival of lights committee.   those injured in the fire were two civilians and three firefighters.   those jokes may not be great, but they can jump-start a writer's day.   those leading the program have usually been college-going local students.   those numbers are above average for a new prime minister.   those numbers land austin (no. ) and houston (no. ) the dubious honor of topping our list of america’s most overvalued housing markets.   those numbers pale in comparison to , or the year before the recession hit everyone's pocketbook.   those on this list are banned from trading with us individuals or companies and face hefty fines if caught doing business.   those public telephones allow inmates to speak with their families and their children and might be a very useful instrument to avoid the use of illegal ones," she said.   those regulations include: the low-carbon fuel standard, which requires people selling fuels to mix in more bio fuels to lower the carbon content.   "those serious side effects can occur as early as the first few weeks of using an nsaid, and the risk might rise the longer people take nsaids.   those sites were also blocked last year after audio recordings of a secret turkish security meeting that suggested corruption by government officials were leaked on social media.   those songs would eventually become the foundation of her nominated album only the mighty.   those statements may be literally true, but ignore the extent to which companies persuade, lure, and manipulate customers -- including children -- into making the very decisions that companies say should be up to them.   "those that have been involved in the actual crimes or in the recent cover-ups, obstruction, non-cooperation, here's what i would say: examine your conscience," said randy krantz, the bedford county commonwealth's attorney.   those theories can only grow more insistent in the wake of the crash of a germanwings plane in the french alps earlier this year, in which the co-pilot, andreas lubitz, is believed to have downed the plane deliberately in a mass murder-suicide.   those tight scores and the potential in the lineup has richards thinking what might have been this season had his team been healthy as they get ready for the individual postseason, which is nearly a month away.   those types have been in operation since the soviet period.   those upgrades typically aren’t confirmed until close to departure so airlines make sure they have enough seats left for full-fare passengers close to departure.   those voting against perez molina included members of his own ruling party.   those wanting to try it had to request access which would be granted later.   those were perfect opportunities, and then you can't do the same trick twice."   those who attended mosque with her husband, syed farook, said they know nearly nothing of her.   “those who can afford to pay are being held up without a gun on-line by ticket brokers looking for easy money,” bradley wrote in the letter.   those who care about the rights of pregnant women should be deeply concerned.   those who chose to report the incidents, however, said they had generally favorable experiences.   those who complained that it felt as corporate as a branded theme-park ride would quickly see their misgivings justified, and the surfeit of scary monsters here might make one yearn for the single many-toothed beastie of jaws.   those who earn less than four times the poverty level can qualify for subsidies to help pay their monthly premiums.   those who have benefited from angola's $-billion-a-year in oil sales are unlikely to support any dissent.   those who have lined up against similar deals, in the past, have usually been wrong.   those who have previously called and put their name on the list to be tested do not need to call again as dhhs will send them the paperwork to begin the testing process.   those who perform, like lee chang-hyun or bj termin (in the video above) are known as broadcast jockeys.   those who refuse to take the test face a fine of between nt$, and nt$, for breaching the communicable disease control act (傳染病防治法), chou said.   those who want the best seats available to watch j.j. abrams' take on the iconic franchise must devote more time.   those who want to be sure to get some surfing done should head to warnemünde and study the timetable of baltic sea ferry.   those who welcome the new openness should also be aware of its consequences.   those with high anxiety also performed less well, as did those with low anxiety.   those with high triglycerides and low hdl cholestrol have a six times greater risk of heart attack, than those with low triglycerides and high hdl cholesterol.   those words include some unsavory phrases, favored especially by liberals.   those words struck a nerve with dr. tim jacks, a pediatrician whose own daughter has leukemia and, therefore, a weakened immune system.   thoth technology patented a -mile-high inflatable space elevator that could reduce the cost of reaching orbit by percent.   though based in wellesley, the wellesley mothers forum (wmf) went on to better the lives of growing familie s in a number of metrowest towns.   though db, the german national rail operator, already runs services in britain, and in took over arriva, one of the uk's biggest bus and rail firms, british train operators have until now not managed to make similar inroads in germany.   though dornstein, like most of the american officials who investigated the case, believed in megrahi’s guilt, he recognized a kinship in swire’s profound engagement with the intricacies of the tragedy.   though he calls the governor a friend, the pair only see each other once a year — if that — at party functions.   though, he's confident the department will find whomever is responsible.   though he was a democrat in , harnett passed over both clinton and future president barack obama in the primary and instead wrote in then-rep.   though it is mostly used by individual plot tenants who grow food for themselves to eat, the garden also participates in kam isaiah israel's white rock gleaning program, which has volunteers collect unharvested food to donate to local shelters.   "though jimena will weaken, it will still threaten to bring locally heavy rain indirectly to the hawaiian islands toward the middle and latter part of the week," stated mussoline.   though lamar, swift and the weeknd led all artists, many in the twitterverse wondered about the absence of the woman who just sold . million albums in two weeks: adele.   though many grocers have made sustainable seafood pledges, some have struggled to keep them.   though many of these stunners are located at hotels and resorts -- there's even one in an rv park -- a few are open to the public.   though many will speak of the similarities, it is the differences that make the art and science of leading cultural institutions and performing arts organizations so challenging.   though not as clever or inspired as the "toy story" sequels, "monsters university" proved to be a fun addition to pixar's growing lineup.   though people pay the same price for all three, the quality of service they offer are very different, he said.   though rava's legal campaigns are not directly sponsored by the ncfm, his efforts are just one part of the men’s rights movement that exists in the united states and across the globe.   though richmond has come a long way since its days on the fbi’s most dangerous cities list, magnus knows there’s still work to be done.   though the current travel alert is aimed at americans traveling internationally, the state department spokesman said those remaining stateside can benefit from the information as well.   though the disappointment of missing out on a birdie at the ever-accessible last will grate, he signed for a round of six-under to stand on the shoulders of the leading trio.   though the ill-fated doctor tried, he couldn't save the gang members' friend and paid with his life.   though the mainstream is increasingly aware of the various ways some people are modifying their gender presentations -- even in our instagrammed, reality-show age -- it remains rare for people to do their transitioning in public.   though there has been a lot of volatility — including an $ rise on monday and a $ decline on tuesday — gold today is barely changed from where it stood in early march.   though the venue is deemed a neutral site, a vast majority of the estimated , in attendance at navy-marine corps memorial stadium are sure to be rooting for the guys who went - there this season.   though they sometimes resemble the reality show "survivor" more than a serious forum about the nation's future, presidential debates are one of the top sources of information for voters, according to analyses and tv ratings.   though this easily could have been too casual for an affair such as the golden globes, the bejeweled top and oversized bow suited the occasion perfectly.   thought leaders from business, academia, government, social sectors and beyond gather to wrestle with some of the toughest questions that have arisen in our digital age, drawn by our common motivation to make the world a better place.   thoughts and prayers are with the victims & their families.   thoughts and prayers with her and her entire family.   thoughts are the precursor to emotions.   though utah's next execution is probably a few years away, ray said he wants to settle on a backup method now in case the drug shortage drags on.   "though we also want commercial success," added the showman, who in april sold a controlling stake in cirque du soleil to american and chinese investors.   thousands marched through the streets of beirut earlier in the day to press their demands for holding government officials accountable and new parliamentary elections.   thousands of canadians, from every corner of the country, have flooded charities, faith groups and legal advocates with offers of support and money -- and questions of how they can best help.   thousands of cheering people lined the streets of manila one more time to try to see francis as his motorcade traveled to villamor air base for his flight.   thousands of condo units have sprung up across the ward, with many more still in the works.   thousands of counter-protesters have taken to the streets in response.   thousands of fans waited in long lines to get into an arena where they watched their team lose a league-high games last year and one that hasn't made the playoffs in years.   thousands of miles away, in nairobi or bogota, the middle classes are more likely to reach for roasted goat or a juicy steak.   thousands of people attend a demonstration in solidarity with the victims of terrorist attacks at the old-port of marseille, jan. , .   thousands of residents are suffering and being exposed to toxins because of this government’s inaction.   thousands of romanians emigrated after the riots amid doubts about romania's commitment to democracy six months after the ouster and execution of communist leader nicolae ceausescu.   thousands of them have paid trafficking rings for help in reaching the us.   thousands of uncleared land mines still lurk in an area of about square kilometers ( square miles) in croatia, the dangerous legacy of the bloody war that resulted in the collapse of communism in yugoslavia.   threatened checkpoint crew that a police report will be filed as they do not have consent to enter the territory."   threats to our region remain terrorism and transnational criminal enterprises.   'threat to the constitutional order' the law was passed earlier in the week by both houses of the russian parliament.   three actions are outlined at this survival step: . know and understand how leadership in your organisation works.   three americans — aid worker peter kassig and journalists james foley and steven sotloff — were beheaded last year by the islamic state.   three attackers the interior ministry said three "terrorist elements" had been stopped at the security cordon around karnak.   three chileans also were killed, as were two people from belgium, two from mexico, two from spain, one from portugal, one from the united kingdom and many french citizens.   "three cigarettes per day increases the risk of lung cancer sixfold," or percent, compared with the percent from eating a couple slices of bologna a day, said gunter kuhnle, a food nutrition scientist at the university of reading.   three days later, federal agents made a move, raiding two homes along with campbell’s tattoo parlor and ultimately arresting all three of the men.   three female soldiers advanced to it for the first time last week after completing the first of ranger school’s three phases of training at fort benning, georgia.   three homes were destroyed.   three in every four people in the country of . million are catholic.   three locations in the tri-cities participated representing agencies like the department of corrections, developmental disabilities, and vocational rehabilitation.   three minutes later, you can see if you’ve got the bacteria there, or you don’t.   three months later, shinji could walk again.   three of houston’s losses were by points and two others were by or more points.   three of the alleged attackers were killed, israeli media reported, citing idf sources.   three of the injured were were airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after the accident at the big four ice caves in mount baker-snoqualmie national forest.   three of them with political experience and a rhodes scholar out of edmonton.   three of those schools could only provide data by academic year -- rather than calendar year -- meaning their data could not be included in this analysis.   three other students - zachary kramer, , rama agha al-nakib, , and eric lonergan, - were arraigned in court feb. in connection with the mdma investigation.   three other suspects in the case are in various stages of prosecution, including leticia yanez, cesar's wife.   three out of patients do not get the blood they need because of insufficient supply from blood banks, cruz noted.   three passengers chased and tackled the -year-old man — melvin estuardo ascon carias — who had failed to get a bus to stop for him in the loop, and held him until transit police and surrey rcmp arrived on scene, police said.   three people survived the attack.   three people were treated for minor injuries.   three pkk rebels were killed in an operation in yuksekova town of hakkari province, while another seven pkk members were killed in airstrikes carried out in the same area, said the statement released by the general staff of the turkish armed forces.   three-quarters plan to use step therapy, covering the drug only after you've tried a list of less-expensive medications first.   three teams carried out the attacks in the french capital in which people were killed and more than wounded, the paris chief prosecutor has said.   three trailers and technical rescue specialists converged on the elm st. home to begin working on the rescue.   three were executed and a fourth died in captivity.   three women jumped out and ran away shouting “no, no, no!   three-year-old aylan kurdi was one of at least syrians who drowned trying to reach the greek island of kos.   three years ago, i connected the dots in my own head,” he says.   three years ago, the producer and director sold the rights to his "star wars" franchise to disney.   throngs of shoppers crowded the open-air market when, according to two local police officials, a man in a truck pulled up and announced he was not only selling ice, but offering a discount because of the holiday.   "through any stage of this he had to get permission.   through a partnership with the pennsylvania newsmedia association, the content the students produced was used in print and on newspapers' websites.   through a well-developed business center jlt businesses can start finding their footing in the local market.   through his witty and heartwarming films, woody has brought the world on a unique cinematic journey, and that's a great gift.   throughout his career, he has become an expert at client service and retention.   throughout james’ trial, miss calamari claimed she was made to strip naked by james, then tortured and told to kill herself by taking an overdose of pills or hanging herself.   throughout the entire month of october, the three planets — venus, mars, and jupiter — have been inching ever-closer.   throughout the meeting, the pvca shared its plans to protect the building with a historic designation.   through partnerships with companies like rentokil initial we are mighty.   through the introduction of new technologies into the market, the diaspora can encourage innovation in leveraging their business skills and financial resources to address local problems in their home country.   through the middle of december, the temperature in washington, d.c., has averaged more than degrees fahrenheit above normal.   "through the new lab, we are committed to help singapore achieve its sustainability goals, such as equipping percent of buildings with green functionalities, and deriving a percent improvement in energy usage intensity by ," fong said.   thu, feb , - page sri lankan president vows reconciliation a drum major salutes as a sri lankan air force band marches past during the country’s th independence day celebrations in colombo yesterday.   thu, jun , - page world news quick take no punishment for pork eater the military on tuesday scrapped a punishment for a us-born soldier who had caused a stink by violating kosher rules by eating a pork sandwich while in uniform.   thu, jun , - page prosecutors detain pharmacist over drugs operation illegal substances?   thursday, february , footballer, brother cleared of securities fraud two people who were found guilty of securities fraud in have been cleared by the high court.   thursday, july , print email respond to editor wednesday, july , clarence d. "chick" gidley, age , of mountain home, passed away at his home on wednesday, july , .   thursday, june , posted on sat, jun , mike griffiths, co-owner and co-chef at helm, talks about their restaurant's name, menu, and south kensington location.   thursday, june , street level: newbold posted on tue, jun , how will philadelphia's next mayor solve this newbold neighborhood problem?   thursday, september , surveillance video: suspects in armed taxi robberies posted on wed, sep , philadelphia police are looking for the suspects in a series of armed robberies targeting taxi drivers.   thus an information systems analyst might be a hack for their employer.   thus britain's fate was, i thought, in the hands of what might be called the "major-minor" parties.   thus, rendering futile any current attempt by tsipras to salvage the greek economy and preventing greece's exit from the eurozone.   thus, this element of the prime minister's speech is good and positive.   thus we should prefer the field of learning, which is collaborative.   tibetans celebrate 'great prayer' photos a woman prays as monks of the yellow hat order, carry a large thangka of buddha after showing it to worshippers on march , .   tickets go on sale wednesday.   ticks carry lyme disease and that's a concern.   ticks tend to be more prevalent in wooded areas with long grass.   tied down with the so-called islamic state in iraq and syria, the nuclear talks with iran and greece's financial woes, the west has a lot on its plate.   ties in any round will be broken by a -second swing-off, with no stoppage of time or additional time afforded.   tiffany hawkins claimed in a lawsuit that she began having sex with r. kelly in when she was just and he was . hawkins was an aspiring singer.   tiger – which loaned to firms in dartford, gravesham, medway, swale and thurrock – lost £, after two firms went under.   tiger woods in us open horror show by greg heakes hours ago tacoma (united states) (afp) - tiger woods endured the worst us open round of his career thursday with a shocking -over at chambers bay.   tighter restrictions are likely to be imposed on movement between borders in the eu, and it is even possible that the days of open schengen borders are numbered.   till and all through his tenure, he remained the same crook he was in .   time for the next of our phone-ins with a provincial party leader.   timeless crowd-pleaser while the clock was away getting repaired tourists had to make do with a cardboard replica in its place.   timeline: - livni joins the israeli intelligence agency mossad and is posted in paris.   timeline: april , - at approximately : p.m., two bombs explode near the finish line of the boston marathon.   “time of use” plans are growing in popularity in texas, according to figures compiled by the electric reliability council of texas, or ercot, the operator of the power grid and the manager of the deregulated market for percent of the state.   timestamped at : a.m. saturday morning, the closed-circuit security system footage shows what looks like a man in a philadelphia eagles jersey repeatedly kicking hitchbot and removing some of its parts.   time to call in the professionals.   time to embrace the creature comforts.   time to reinvent the plane seat. . kicking seat-back – "he kicked someone's seat-back."   "time to stop tiptoeing around my past..   time warner inc said it adjusts for buybacks “so that payouts were not advantaged” if the media company repurchased more shares than it initially anticipated when setting performance goals.   tim kopra and scott kelly made their way to the stuck "mobile transporter," a rail car used to move supplies on the outside of the space station.   timothy kelley died early saturday afternoon with his family at his side, sgt. marc herman told cbc news.   timothy olyphant gets top billing, but he's equaled by walton goggins as boyd crowder, a grandiose, speechifying criminal who serves as raylan's greatest threat and occasional ally.   tim scott, r-south carolina, teared up while delivering an emotional speech on the events in his home state on wednesday.   tina brown left the scene before police got there, they said.   tina turner has lived in switzerland for nearly two decades and gave up her u.s. citizenship in , according to the icij.   tino sunseri, whom the team cut loose earlier this year, is a possibility, he said.   tiny homes under square feet zillow day ago sharona ott tiny footprints can make a big impact - on the environment, your wallet, and your quality of life.   tiny slovenia initially said it would take no more than , a day.   tip-ins: there was a moment of silence before the game in honor of flip saunders.   tip of the iceberg the card readers shoppers see are just one part of a payment processing system.   tirinzoni downs homan in the women's final, rachel homan couldn't extend her perfect run at the tournament.   tirl, a former model, alleged that cosby sexually assaulted her in on the set of the cosby show, in which she appeared in two episodes.   tivo bolt review: watching tv faster back in , when i first reviewed the original tivo dvr, i griped that "tivo has no commercial-skipping button" and noted that its press literature denounced such a feature on grounds that, while..   t.j. parsell, who spent four years in adult prison after holding up a michigan fotomat with a toy gun when he was , knows the expectations firsthand.   tm and (c) wccb-tv, inc., and its related entities.   t-mobile has a similar deal for streaming music.   t-mobile’s “jump on demand” offers are even better than apple’s installments plan, and competitors will likely have no choice but to adjust to these new pricing schemes.   tmz indicated that the pair were planning to divorce.   tmz is reporting that kylie and kendall jenner have applied to trademark their first names.   tmz says the "toot it and boot it" rapper was shot three times in the hip and someone managed to get him in a car and drive him to a nearby hospital.   to accommodate the growth, the parade is being moved this year from eighth avenue up to ninth avenue downtown.   to achieve this -- therein lies the opportunity of the crisis."   to address the longer-term challenges in west africa, international medical corps is focused on helping lift the overall level of health care in west africa.   to address those defects, a host of molecular systems continuously monitor and de-bug our genetic information.   “to all of you, i solemnly promise that france will do everything to destroy the army of fanatics who committed these crimes,” hollande said.   “to all those people that are basing it just off the innocent until guilty plea, those people to me are looking for an excuse to validate their interests,” said katie gosen, who had organized a demonstration against cosby in kitchener.   to appeal to skeptics, mahindra designed the genze in silicon valley with features favored by tech-savvy millennials, like a secure laptop charging port under the seat.   to apple's credit, it eventually added that crucial feature to icloud.   "to attack the church is to really hit us at our core.   to avoid being registered, he and his friends left the center, saying they were going to a nearby church.   "to be able to both honor her and to honor our people here, that's the reason for life."   to be able to represent people that you grew up with, the communities that you grew up in, i think is a great privilege and a great honour," he said.   to be american means to be you -- to know who you are and where you come from.   to be an effective parenting team, you need to establish a genuinely united front for the kids' sake: when dad says to take it easy on the halloween candy, mom needs to back him up.   to be clear, companies like mongodb and datastax do make significant amounts of money, but nowhere near the value being sucked out of the market.   to be clear: felton used a turn signal, but he apparently didn't put it on early enough.   to be fair, cisco is a much healthier company today than in .   to be fair, it was a long, horrible, exhausting day, much of which may have involved going over the august , presidential daily briefing that included the part "bin laden determined to strike in u.s." and other warnings from the cia.   to be fair, the super secret sauce does come in a fancy wooden box engraved with the eye-popping golden arches.   to be female in food service, you have to have a thick skin.   to be sure, this illustration contains only two data points.   to build momentum for a deal, china and the united states, the world's two biggest carbon emitters, last year set a deadline for emissions to stop rising.   to calculate average mortgage rates, freddie mac surveys lenders across the country at the beginning of each week.   to change this, what we did first was hire new talents.   to come up with the candidate for esc , they dispensed with tele-voting and directly nominated xavier naidoo, one of germany's best known pop singers, in late november.   to compare the holodomor and the holocaust, he declared, constituted "a gross distortion of the history of the holocaust typical of the efforts to equate other tragedies which are not the same as the holocaust with the crimes of the nazis."   to complete the grand canyon flight safely, the team has to exit the launch plane from , feet -- the cruising altitude of a commercial airliner.   to complete your registration on this site, please supply an address.   to contact the reporters on this story: jeff plungis in washington at jplungis@bloomberg.   to contact the reporters on this story: tom metcalf in san francisco at tmetcalf@bloomberg.   to continue the adaptation, alliance defense ministers are expected to order a further increase in the nato response force, from , to as many as , troops, nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg said.   to cope with higher potential energy, the upgraded electric contacts have improved the cooling systems for the supraconducting of electric magnets, and they have put in new and finer layers of detectors.   to counter that border threat, nigeria's neighbors, where boko haram used to flee after carrying out hit and run attacks, are pursuing a strategy of pushing them back into nigeria.   to counter worries that agencies and businesses might share too much personal information, the new framework will include "strong protections for privacy and civil liberties," the white house said.   to cover the existing dividend you need something like a $/bl assumption by ," he added, noting a scrip (or share) dividend could help sustain the payout.   to date, more than have been convicted.   to date we've never found a natural source that can do that."   today apple is the world's biggest company, worth $ billion.   today, as one of dc's premier executive coaches, mike helps good executives become great leaders.   today at mobile world congress, the company showed off two new prototype smartbikes as part of its smart mobility plan.   today, companies across very different industries maintain vc arms, though tech companies are among the most active.   today, docker is primarily a linux-based container packaging technology.   “today, doctors and teachers and therapists are all involved in their lives, so they’re living longer.   today in whitehorse the minister said yukon families have not registered for the universal childcare tax rebate.   "today is a day to celebrate the accessibility of the game of curling," he said.   today: it's clear and degrees in edmonton this morning.   today it sits between a gamestop and a red lobster and continues to be the host venue for major events.   today, it sits in the midst of an industrial park in the city of kiryat gat (also spelled qiryat gat) in israel.   today, karratha has a performing-arts center, private high school, an airport and a -store mall anchored by target on one end and kmart on the other — fruits of china’s past iron-ore purchases.   today, keith peterson, nunavut's finance minister, confirmed that the territory will receive $. billion in - through the territorial formula financing (tff) transfer, $ million lower than expected.   today marks the start of the salmon season, the river tay is famous for its salmon fishing and the traditional opening has been taking place since .   today, more than years of zatz archives remain online and the zatz technology sites update automatically with relevant news items of the day.   "today my driving was not so good."   today, robben island is a unesco heritage site, and the most visited landmark in south africa.   today she is doing clerical work.   today's increase sees regulated fares, which include season tickets, going up by up to .%, while the average rise for all fares is .%.   today’s list has some very high-quality options on it, but as always, these sales could end at anytime — so be sure to hurry!   today, some . billion people don't have access to cheap and easy financial services..   "today’s technology’s allowing us to build so much better, and the systems are smarter, so we’re not overheating, we’re not overcooling, you’re not gonna have to open up your windows in the wintertime," he said.   today's test was the sixth of seven planned hot-fire trials for the rs-, which also served as the main engine for nasa's now-retired space shuttle fleet.   "today's transfer reflects the complete determination of the eu to assist ukraine in these difficult times," european commission vice president valdis dombrovskis said from brussels.   today's ukip victory in the local council election is further proof, they say, that the party had so much local support that farage should have won in thursday's vote.   today's veterans day ceremony was mostly a celebration of our nations heroes.   today, the broadcaster is launching a version for its home front radio drama with custom illustrations, text descriptions and audio snippets.   today, the national park is attracting people for the right reasons.   today there are sporadic skirmishes but no major offensive, mr. ihsaan says, lamenting the lack of libyan unity and international support.   today, the saudis have decided they're going to protect market share and prices can go where they go."   today, the term pansexual is used to describe a romantic or sexual attraction focused on traits other than sex or gender.   today the wine gets mixed reviews, but most tourists keep unopened bottles around their homes as souvenirs of their trip to israel (or to show the colorful cana labels to their friends and neighbors).   today, upi is owned by news world communications.   “today was a lot better ball‑striking wise but i didn't finish off very good," he told reporters.   “today we are transforming emmanuel baptist church into a sanctuary of justice.”   today, you see more and more cranes in the air all around the city, and a lot of it is focused on building schools and kindergartens.   toddlers have absolutely no filter either, so if they're wondering if the man in the supermarket queue has a baby in his tummy, or why mummy's friend has 'funny' hair today, they have no qualms about asking.   "to deal with it, he thew himself into his work," richard earl said.   to determine which is the best source for you, ask yourself what kind of borrower you are and your circumstances.   to develop a new platform for pursuing collective cooperation is a strategic choice made by both sides in keeping with the trend of our times.   to do this, he slices a mature, slightly brownish branch with buds from a peach tree, for instance, and inserts the branch into a matching slit in a branch on the tree of fruit.   to eke out an existence in a dying and limp economy.   to ensure our customers in greece continue to have access to their content stored in icloud during this difficult time, we've extended their icloud storage plans for an extra days at no additional cost," apple said in a statement.   to enter this year's contest, look for the sunday print edition of the times-gazette at locations throughout shelbyville (or call - to start home delivery).   to expose familiar habits as fusty fabrications is to expose oneself to ridicule, as a weirdo, and to persecution, as a threat to the established order.   to find out how much something costs, customers must talk to a clerk, who will be able to tell the story behind the item, discuss how it fits into fashion trends, remove it from the case for a closer inspection, and so on.   together, the members of the cooperative want to boost agricultural production – for them, a sign of development.   "together, we have looked into the abyss.   together, we've confronted many challenging issues, and each time i've worked to bring all parts of our conference together to pass legislation that reflects our values and moves our country forward."   together with noah arenstein, partner at bushwick's arrogant swine and fixture in nyc's food scene, and dassara's josh kaplan, chavez has opened the sunny new space to cook and serve her legendary carnitas as well as other mexican staples.   to get more information on what devices apple is accepting and what you’ll get for trading in each device, check out apple’s reuse and recycling page by clicking here.   to get said volume, you’ll need to use a brush to hold hair in place and blow dry sections upwards, he says.   "to get so-called experts to assist in the whitewash -- when the world has the video of what happened -- is all the more alarming."   "to have a very large collection of multi vintages of one very prestigious producer was a logical choice," blicker said.   "to have everybody chime in on everything and each other is not necessarily a good thing," he said.   "to have one up west, tignish and alberton area, and have something east, in montague or souris would be, i think would be amazing," she said.   "to have the additional fear that incriminating pictures, that intimate pictures, are out there for others to see just adds to the shame and humiliation," she said.   "to have them come all the way out here to st. john's, it's awesome."   to hear the full interview listen to the audio labelled: sfu human geography professor studies paranormal investigators comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   to hear the full interview with anita huberman, click the audio labelled: surrey board of trade wants facebook page taken down.   to help squelch some of the more annoying voices on the social network, twitter lets users block accounts they find disruptive or worse, threaten said user.   to help, the city water department offers free water conservation tools for residents.   to his followers, roughly estimated to be about ,, he is a prophet who speaks for god and can do no wrong.   to his friends, mr habre is known as a good man and a good muslim.   "to honor a man that meant so much to this university and this community," goebbel said.   "to hop in and out of stocks to make a moral gesture or look good is really not the point of this," simpson said.   to illustrate, he escorted me, my photographer and a translator-friend into his private office where two telephones sat - one red and one white.   "to intervene and help reduce the risk of alzheimer's, it's critical to understand the reasons for these differences."   to its credit, kobo's help section offers instructions on exporting its books to other devices: "transfer kobo ebooks to non-kobo ereaders by using adobe digital editions."   to james, the outside projects make his old band feel young.   to keep reading, you need a subscription.   tokyo (afp) - michelle obama suggested a lunch date with shinzo abe at his wife's restaurant on thursday, offering the japanese prime minister a place at her table next time she is in town.   tokyo (ap) — the hotel okura, a favored tokyo lodging for u.s. presidents, movie stars and other celebrities, is closing the doors of its landmark half-century-old main building on monday to make way for a pair of glass towers ahead of the olympics.   tokyo came th, perhaps suggesting that even if you can trust your million neighbors, full happiness can only be achieved with a regular supply of french fries covered in cheese curds and gravy.   tokyo has for years come under intense global pressure to stop hunts that opponents decry as inhumane, but the government defends them as an inherent part of japanese culture.   tokyo has long avoided getting embroiled in tinderbox conflicts across the middle east and had never been the target of islamic extremists until the killing of journalist kenji goto and self-styled contractor haruna yukawa.   tolbert said he now looks forward to taking the next steps to get ready for college life.   to learn more about forgive for peace, visit here.   to learn more about the ecsa or to get information on sponsoring the league or its teams, please contact marketing/communications director tony stasiek at marcom@seattlegaysoftball.com. share on delicious share on stumbleupon!   "to learn that it choked was amazing."   to leave a comment you must approve it via e-mail, which will be sent to your address after submission.   "to leave my children here in canada is a horrific thing."   toledo’s plan to make the old town center essentially traffic-free is taking shape with construction of a new parking lot and escalator that should ease the walk from the train station into town.   to maintain their support, mr. netanyahu has avoided serious negotiations.   to make battlefront authentic, dice needs players to revel in these smaller challenges -- together, they form star wars' iconic and multi-dimensional war zones.   to make it work, the project's engineers must choreograph a high-altitude dance, ensuring that as one balloon drifts out of a targeted territory's internet-receiving range, another one will float in to fill the void.   to make sure you're getting the brand-name online software for the free file program, go through the irs portal.   tomas' subsequent novels, which incorporate some of the details from the accident, become runaway bestsellers and critical successes.   tomb of queen nefertiti discovered? .. queen nefertiti of ancient egypt was one of the most beautiful women in history, at least if you go by the famous bust on display in a berlin museum.   tom cotton and joni ernst -- writes this piece: "obama's pressing 'delete' on key counter-terrorism intelligence.   tom cruise is back as ethan hunt, leading a team that again includes simon pegg, ving rhames and jeremy renner.   tom cruise's mission: impossible rogue nation took $m (£.m), falling into second spot.   to meet the demand, services took on staff at the second-fastest rate since mid-.   "to me it seemed like a classic marketplace problem," fine says.   "to me, this is more about the market finding a better valuation and sentiment being checked and people getting over the initial shock of rates going up."   to me, you field that ball, you have to shuffle (your feet).   tom hogg, a floor manager at cheesesteaktees, hopes the pope would approve.   tommaso boddi/getty images "no, mr. trump, you may not reduce us to drug dealers and rapists.   tom murphy in indianapolis contributed to this report.   "tomorrow can be a wonderful age.   tom phillips, who heads regulatory affairs for telecoms trade group gsma, said european carriers can live with the coming net neutrality rules because a patchwork of different national laws would be worse.   tompkins worked to create a string of natural parks, and donated , square kilometers (, square miles) to chile and argentina to help preserve a forest region on their border.   "tom remembers where he came from and he cares about people from all walks of life," said former secretary of health and human services donna shalala, whom perez worked for in the clinton administration as director of hhs's office for civil rights.   tonga led early in both halves and the lead changed hands four times in the second spell before ben volavola, who kicked points, edged fiji ahead - with a conversion of waisea nyacalevu's th-minute try.   toni crawford has worked for servatii pastry shop & deli for more than years.   tonight, downtown calgary landmarks will be lit in navy blue (his favourite colour) in honour of our friend manmeet bhullar.   toni torres of newark, new jersey, got just that kind of unusual keepsake from her -year-old grandson's interaction with the topless women, even though she could understand how some people might have a problem with it.   to not have those zero-yard gains and those type of things, like to eliminate some of those and stay more in the positive realm there.   tonya i've looked into some private schools for kids with autism and the cost per year was more than what i paid for my college tuition.   tony parker led the bunch with points, and tim duncan had points and boards for his first double-double since december.   tony robbins: well, that’s a great question.   too far out and we were told we risked getting caught up in the traffic jam of international naval vessels patrolling the waters of the gulf of aden.   too late demanding sunni states stop supporting extremist anti-assad forces.   too many times president putin has promised peace and delivered tanks, troops, and weapons."   to overcome procrastination, you must also find a way to control your facebook habit.   topics election first published dec , : pm et next story on last-minute shopping trip, bush reflects on the 'good things'   topics: canada, news, toronto, police, policing, special investigations unit blog comments powered by disqus request comment removal "being black is fantastic; it doesn't give me super powers.”   top news photos of the week the boy was taken to the office of the chief medical examiner for an autopsy.   to potami, which was founded last year by a former journalist and strongly favors greece staying in the euro, has said that it is willing to strike a pact with leftists or conservatives.   top reads from the fiscal times: the painful lesson men's wearhouse is just learning why millions of millennials can't get credit cards tax cheats, rejoice: the irs can't afford to track you down here we go again?   top-seeded josh binstock and sam schachter easily claimed their first straight-sets victory of the pan am games, taking both sets - over luis garcia betancourt and julio recinos ocana.   top storylines bob strong / afp - getty images this picture taken on october , shows dr. john nash.   top storylines ice sculptures glow at chinese winter festival the annual festival in harbin, china, features hundreds of activities related to snow and ice.   top storylines ira keys of slaton, texas, hasn't spent a penny since .   top storylines watch live as mitt romney speaks at rnc meeting aboard the uss midway lucas jackson / reuters u.s. stocks surged on thursday, extending gains into a fourth straight session.   top tech executives are discovering they can use their considerable influence to promote a cause and demand political reform.   to put it in another way, the media may seek more to represent more the perception of where its bread is buttered, and that generally is the view of the media proprietor.   top world oil exporter saudi arabia, rattled by what it sees as expanding iranian influence in the region, has been leading a gulf arab coalition in waging air strikes on houthi targets since late march.   to rank the cities, we looked at key metrics such as the performance level of each city's teams, average ticket and minimum season ticket prices, stadium accessibility and more.   to reiterate, nowhere in the quantum vision video is such a disclosure made.   to rejuvenate production, investors and inventors are testing machines that would harvest and de-stem the crop.   to report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. please login to leave a comment. mikethenovice wrote: as big a mouth as trump has.   tories getting closer to that seat mark needed for an overall majority.   toronto loaded the bases with nobody out in the fifth but only managed to score one run on josh donaldson's sacrifice fly.   toronto police are searching for a suspect in a break-and-enter investigation who they say posed as a nurse and stole over $,.   toronto police say that three men held up a convenience store near eglinton avenue west and locksley avenue on dec. , .   toronto resident and cbc employee anne megas is in northern greece for three weeks, visiting family near thessaloniki.   toronto's edwin encarnacion had his club-record -game streak of getting on base snapped.   toronto sent batters to the plate in the fourth against heaney and right-hander cam bedrosian, turning six hits, three walks, two sacrifice flies and a wild pitch into seven runs and a - advantage.   toronto went ahead for the first time in the series in the fifth after pillar doubled, moved to third on goins' bunt and scored on revere's single.   torpedo's previous three racism offences this season all involved monkey chants against opposition players.   torres likes to include one planet that would bump the new findings from three to four, but caldwell said that planet may or may not be habitable.   tory reiterated his call for a "fair and level playing field," when it comes to the taxi business on wednesday, but said uber should be included in whatever new laws the city comes up with.   tory told host matt galloway the blitz is more than a media stunt.   "to say our thoughts and prayers are with them and their families, and their community doesn’t say enough to convey the heartache and the sadness and the anger that we feel."   to say the least, we have moved on.   to schedule a consultation with the top holistic health practitioners in orlando, florida consumers are encouraged to call -- or visit online and fill out the online appointment form.   "to see the church in flames again, it just, it gives you ill feeling," parker said at the news conference.   to see what patients might learn from reviewing their medical records during their hospital stay, pell and colleagues gave tablet computers to people – all selected because they knew how to use the internet.   to see when the event starts in your time zone, click here.   toshiba stores two bits per cell for its -gigabit chips.   to show love and respect to everyone.   to sign up visit www.raincitysoccer.org grace gospel chapel. pm-worship.   to somber cello music that evokes schindler’s list, displays memorialize the lives lost, including much of the island’s elite: painters, lawyers, professors and doctors.   to some, the incident mirrored issues raised by the u.s. justice department when it found in that the police department had engaged in a pattern of excessive force and displayed troubling evidence of biased policing.   to sports and school all that she feared she no longer be able to do.   to study the mechanics of the skull, the team performed a ct scan of the skull and used it to reconstruct a computer model - including its missing lower jaw, which they copied from a related species.   to subscribe to the print product, which includes full digital access, click here.   to suggest otherwise is both misleading and wrong.   to super like or not?   total global hedge fund capital rose for the th consecutive quarter during the second quarter to $. trillion.   total investment is said to be around one billion euro ($ . billion).   totality will be visible from the western and central portions of the continent, while the east will only see the opening partial stage before the moon sets.   total sales fell .%.   total sa said thursday its earnings were weighed down by $. billion in charges, mainly against the value of oil sands in canada and unconventional gas fields in the united states.   to tarduno's group, that consistently recurring spot of weakening suggests that a permanent feature deep below the earth's surface may be generating the south atlantic anomaly and might therefore play a role in the reversal of the earth's magnetic field.   to tell me i'm getting beefaroni instead of cat food," newbolds said.   totem pole by tsimshian carver david r. boxley at the national museum of american indian.   to test the effects of cutting fat or carbs head-to-head, researchers put obese adults in the hospital twice, each time reducing their calorie intake by about percent and putting them all on identical exercise routines.   to that end, if there aredangers that pose a real risk of destroying civilization, and steps can be taken to reduce that risk, open phil is interested.   to that end, merkel talked about creating "protected zones" within afghanistan so that people living in unsafe areas can move within their country to another region that offers sufficient security, instead of heading to europe.   to that last question, percent said they would.   “to the ashley madison ‘guest,’ or non-paying member, it would appear that he was being personally contacted by eager women,” newitz explains.   to the contrary, being based in the united states enables pfizer to exploit the vast reservoirs of technical expertise that reside here, and to access federal support for scientific research.   to the critics of the regime, they are merely for show.   to their credit, the premier league side -- who were looking to reach the champions league quarterfinals for the first time -- improved after the break but found chances hard to come by.   to the tune of "trump" chants, he made his final pitch: "if i win i will work so hard, i will put every ounce of my being into getting this country to a level that will be not only what it was, but great than its ever been before."   to this day, the royall family crest is the seal for harvard law school, and their legacy of white supremacy drips from every corner of the campus, like the blood of the enslaved people murdered after a slave revolt on the royall plantation.   to this end, the rfu, determined that a world cup in england should have a tangible legacy in the form of increased participation, has introduced a raft of initiatives in recent years.   touched by his determination and love, jessica chien’s mother gave him a big hug that said “yes.”   touch is a way for people to feel closer to one another, she said.   to understand how endemic the internet is to the world of prostitution, consider the website "the erotic review," or ter.   tourism has boomed since ma took office in and adopted a warmer stance towards mainland china.   tourism turkish tourism hit by security concerns turkey is known as a popular destination for tourists.   tourists arriving from russia tumbled percent in the first six months of compared to the same period last year, according to the turkish ministry of culture and tourism.   tourists believed to be leaving the resort.   "tourists who are headed to the beach might not care about thailand's chaotic politics or corruption, but something like aviation safety is another matter."   tours are operated year round and prices start at isk , ($) for a three-hour tour and go up to isk , ($,) for private tours.   tours begin on the hour each day with the last tour starting at p.m. the liner-cisers of spring hope invite everyone to join them every monday and saturday at : a.m. at the spaulding resource center.   to use bitcoin, you need to first download a bitcoin wallet app to your smartphone.   to view dates and times for red cross blood donation centers, click here.   toward the end of a news conference that lasted hours and minutes, putin said he personally knew nemtsov, a former deputy prime minister who was gunned down on a bridge near the kremlin.   “to watch a -year-old young man die in such a violent manner is deeply disturbing.   town manager john holpe thanked the board for their support and cooperation during his tenure as manager.   "toxifiers are drawn to power like a moth to a flame," schüler-lubienetzki says.   toyota has ambitious plans to sell , fuel-cell vehicles globally by , ramping up from an expected , next year.   toyota officials said the efficiency of the prius engine was beefed up percent with reduced friction and improved combustion, while newly developed batteries are percent smaller yet have percent better performance.   "toys that have small parts cannot be given to children under the age of ," yousef said."   tpg capital partner dick boyce and former sun microsystems ceo scott mcnealy and his wife susan mcnealy are among the other chairs listed.   tracy morgan married woman who stood by him during auto accident "you're never going to be normal after you go through something like that.   trade bills have always had a tough road in congress.   trade many kenyans shocked by sugar deal with uganda kenyans have reacted to trade deals with uganda with shock and skepticism.   trader joe's, kashi and lean cuisine frozen pizzas feature interesting ingredient profiles that may keep younger consumers engaged while at the same time boosting appeal among the "urban" pizza consumer.   traders see a percent chance the us central bank is to raise its benchmark rate from near zero next month, according to futures data compiled by bloomberg.   traders took the decline as a sign producers are cutting back at key us petroleum sites, raising hopes this could pave the way for an easing of a global supply glut.   trade unions are at king's cross station today to hand to commuters special tickets showing how rail fares have risen.   trading places: although america is still the no. trade partner with latin america, china is already beating it in some places.   traditional craftsmanship from india's rajasthan state is used to decorate the venue.   traffic congestion is already bad in the area, which is "surrounded by highrises," she said.   traffic is growing quickly on phones and users seem to like the interface to book trips and flights.   traffic now flows for much of the day, but at peak rush hour, the highway can get clogged.   traffic stop at usa parkway/sydney, mccarran at : p.m. warning issued.   traffic was delayed for more than an hour while the scene was investigated and the truck removed.   trailing - in the seventh, the blue jays equalized when josh donaldson grounded into a bases loaded fielder's choice to score the tying run.   trang, thailand photos koh ngai – koh ngai is actually part of neighboring krabi province but is only a short ride from the trang mainland.   transactions via paypal and others also come at the cost of a commission, usually to the seller.   transamerica's retirement research, which wasn't included in the gao's review, doesn't give board projections about america's retirement readiness because retirement is "a very personal question," she said.   transasia airways, the nation’s third-biggest airline, has been part of that buying spree.   transcanada had overstated the pressure rating of the pipeline and was running it beyond its design limits, the report said.   translated from la presse canadienne comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   translations of selected articles in english are here.   transparency starts at the top transparency starts at the top, and that includes preventing corruption and avoiding conflicts of interest.   trapping or trading in the species is punishable by jail terms and fines.   travelers anticipating a longer stay will find the extended stay suites to be a great option.   travelers will appreciate the convenience of an in-room microwave and mini refrigerator.   travel information is getting better all the time.”   traveling at mph, any stones or debris that is kicked up by the wheels could become a deadly projectile.   traveling into the future, however, is not necessarily impossible.   traveling through space for nine-and-a-half years, new horizons had to arrive within seconds of the predicted time.   traveling through the night is environmentally sustainable, comfortable and a romantic way of getting around europe.   travel photo of the day photos mount everest, nepal – a lone yak stands at the foreground of the icy himalayas.   treatment can range from inpatient rehab and -step programs to behavioural therapy and the few medications available today.   treatment protocols in place also are removing the toxin before it reaches the homes of about , people in the toledo area that uses the municipal water supply.   treatment proved successful for several years but, just two days after christmas in , her world came crashing down when she was told the disease had returned.   treaty day at the friendship centre in saskatoon.   tree peonies have actually already set their buds for their bloom next spring, so be very careful in doing the leaf removal, so as not to harm or destroy any buds.   trending twitter was killing me.   trends aside, caicco laid out two other reasons for the resurgence of conventional stores — a need for grocers to justify high retail prices and a "saturation point" in the discount space.   trepanier said the state's issues with the contractor, seattle tunnel partners, are common in complex construction projects and a dispute review board is in place to resolve conflicts.   treveon graham added points for the spurs.   trevors has testified that she was frantic about finding shingoose's cold body and called , desperately looking for help.   trials are rare in the criminal injustice system.   tributes of flowers were piled on a table and pinned to the railings outside.   trident juncture, nato's largest military operation in years, opened on monday in the mediterranean, in what general philip breedlove described as "a very clear message to any potential aggressor."   triplett named miss lincoln county hamlin - the miss lincoln county pageant was held on saturday may , at lincoln county high school.   trips are generally for three months, and people can come and go as they please.   trips to music festivals and birthday parties always involved booze, invariably in violently flavoured and oddly coloured forms.   tri-valley is among at least half a dozen schools shut down or raided by federal authorities in recent years over allegations of immigration fraud.   troopers say the pair had been hunting in a wooded area known as barrett wharton when the incident happened about : p.m. monday.   troops from chad, cameroon and niger have already been deployed to fight the islamists.   troy euphemistically refers to him as his "floor tech".   trudeau did not speak publicly after arriving late saturday afternoon at the heavily fortified turkish coastal resort of antalya.   trudeau has promised to hold another first ministers conference days after the summit to work out a national climate strategy.   trudeau is also taking in an india independence day parade later in the day in montreal.   trudeau is the chairman.   trudeau made a stop at the regina farmer's market tuesday with three of his local candidates - louis browne, della anaquod and ralph goodale.   trudeau pledged to reduce taxes on income between $, and $, a year.   trudeau said he was "disappointed by the decision" but pledged to pursue a "fresh start" with obama nevertheless — a theme obama echoed as he announced his decision to the american public.   trudeau's refugee promise right communications canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context.   trudeau's score in the forum poll puts him well ahead of kim campbell and paul martin, slightly ahead of brian mulroney and stephen harper, and behind jean chrétien.   trudgen finished a single away from the cycle and drove in five runs in the - victory.   true and pure love, that we all felt in that moment, that we all feel the same way.   truex, who has one of his two career sprint cup wins at dover, joined hamlin on the front row.   truly world class players don't need to be tactically 'hidden'.   trump called for a "total and complete shutdown of muslims entering the united states until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on".   trump came under fire last week after saying at a rally and on television that he had seen thousands of people in jersey city cheer the collapse of the twin towers in manhattan.   trump has argued that these visas are preventing americans from getting jobs and depressing u.s. wages.   trump has five children from three marriages. photos: donald trump's empire for "the apprentice," trump was honored with a star on the hollywood walk of fame in january .   trump indicated that he would carry out this plan regardless of his relationship with hedge fund managers.   trump said if he were still in charge of the show, he would make the women share the title.   trump said monday that syrian refugees are a "trojan horse," and has suggested the u.s. "strongly consider" shutting down some mosques, as part of the response to the terror attacks in paris.   trump said the government needs to better monitor the families of suspected terrorists.   trump slams jeb bush for speaking spanish in an interview with breitbart news, republican primary frontrunner donald trump said rival jeb bush should speak english while campaigning.   trump's partnership with nbc began to unravel in june following trump's inflammatory comments about mexican immigrants.   trump's success in new hampshire may be dependent on his ability to turn out those who aren't typically active in politics, however, with his support much greater among those who aren't regular gop primary voters.   trump started to slowly chant "usa, usa, usa" into the mic as a mix of boos rang through the crowd.   trump swiftly returned fire, living up to his billing as the campaign bulldog by attacking his rivals, further imposing himself on the race to determine who will battle the democratic nominee, likely hillary clinton, for the presidency.   trump: the washington post writes that some workers on his d.c. hotel project may be undocumented.   trump, though, is relishing the fight, which is bolstering the personal brand he says he would take to the oval office, and onto the world stage.   trump tweeted that the zones prevent soldiers from being able to protect themselves.   trump was in jacksonville on saturday, the day after the bush campaign announced it is cutting payroll percent.   trump went into the weekend with strong numbers.   trust has been lost or is less relevant when people are going to grocery stores."   trust me, they won't raise taxes due to increased payout for funerals.   trust me, we respect ip rights & had many people working hard to be responsive last night (including myself) — kayvon beykpour (@kayvz) may , this seems destined for a court fight of its own.   trust us, sometimes you don't want to see what's under that foundation and concealer..   truvada, manufactured by gilead, is approved in the u.s. for "pre-exposure prophylaxis" (prep) of hiv, the virus that causes aids.   try amazon.com amazon.com has unveiled an online marketplace for local handymen, its latest push to compete with brick-and-mortar retailers that already offer customers help in installing the appliances they buy in-store.   try haggling shoppers may want to put some haggling into their holiday shopping this season.   trying to do the right thing can get people tongue tied too.   "trying to go up and in. he just got the hands out and beat me to it.   trying to illustrate his point, he said that even his friend, vatican aide alberto gaspari, who was standing nearby on the plane, would know to expect a punch if he were to insult the pontiff's mother.   "trying to keep her away from the violence and the alcohol and really instilling in her the culture and the knowledge," she said.   "trying to, you know, not lose it, be cool, be here for my daughter when she comes out because she is - she is very, very upset," mullen said during the standoff.   try panhandling marketwatch hrs ago by kevin fasick, sarah trefethen and kate sheehy a panhandler outside grand central terminal says he rakes in up to $ an hour from kind-hearted new yorkers.   try these on for size: nd street electronics (via amazon) has the gogroove audiohm rnf earbuds with lifetime warranty for $. shipped.   try to explain why these coincidences occur, and few agree.   t-shirts are also available for participants of the k and other supporters.   tsipras' anti-austerity syriza government has been locked in a standoff with greece's creditors to unlock the last tranche of its bailout package.   tsipras could still secure parliamentary approval with opposition votes.   tsipras didn't specify what reforms would be considered but mentioned a crackdown on tax evasion and corruption, reforming the state sector and dealing with the country's "humanitarian crisis."   tsipras' estranged ex-finance minister yanis varoufakis dismissed sunday's election as an attempt to "to nullify" the will of greek people.   t.s. monk remembered the saxophonist as one of many famous musicians he knew as a child and called rollins "one of the absolute kings of melody."   tsur sommerville, also with the ubc sauder school of business, said the cmhc change will have more impact than the bank of canada's recent prime rate reduction.   ttc officials say it's difficult to tell what caused the arcing because it is still under investigation, and they will not know if there will be an ongoing issue with the bridge.   tue, aug , - page sony to offer commercial drone services next year sony corp plans to offer commercial drone services targeting the construction, logistics and agriculture industries from the first half of next year.   tue, jul , - page us, cuba renew baseball rivalry reuters, ajax, ontario casey kotchman of the us, right, slides into base next to raul gonzalez of cuba during their pan american games encounter in toronto, ontario, on sunday.   tue, nov , - page australia deploys sheepdogs to protect penguins chicken farmer swampy marsh began using a maremma sheepdog to protect his flocks and reasoned they would also work well against foxes targeting middle island’s penguins.   tuesday is the third day of debate on the legislation.   tuesday, january , classifieds shopping clearview , west deptford posted on mon, jan , clearview dominated west deptford, -.   tuesday, june , kaplan: inside the phillies’ changes posted on mon, jun , what did monday’s announcement tell us about andy macphail’s future with the phillies?   tuesday, june , print email respond to editor monday, june , james thomas patterson, of mountain home, passed away quietly at home on june , , with his family by his side.   tuesday, september , nikkei falls by pc at close tokyo's benchmark nikkei index dived by . percent today, extending a global equities rout on fears over china's economy and a drop in commodity prices.   tuesday’s prep boys basketball originally published december , at : pm garfield and o'dea dominate in metro a action, while lakes edges enumclaw in a spsl a match-up.   tuesday, the board unanimously approved specific penalties for violations and new rules to specifically target tobacco stores.   tug drivers now get real-time updates of gate changes so they can change their path and ensure that bags make their connection.   tuition made up percent of gw’s total revenue last year, according to a recent faculty senate report.   tumbling oil prices and western economic sanctions have caused the russian ruble to crash – with dramatic consequences for russia’s neighbors and trade partners.   tuneupprosponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   tung added that there are more than , taiwanese-chinese couples and, if family members were included, that figure could easily reach more than million people who could return to taiwan to vote.   tunisia, birthplace of the arab spring, has seen a surge in radical islam since veteran president zine el abidine ben ali was ousted in the revolution.   tunisia has asked for touil's extradition to face trial, interior ministry spokesman mohammed ali aroui told reuters.   tunisians have shown what that looks like when it is fortified with courage."   tunisia to close mosques following terror attack .. the tunisian government has said it plans to shutter dozens of mosques.   tunkhannock hasn’t had a winning season since finishing - in , a -season streak that is the longest in district . the tigers have lost in a row, the longest current streak in the district.   turbotax, formerly known as quicktax, is intuit's popular tax-preparation software.   turkey, a key muslim ally of the united states, angrily withdrew its ambassador after a congressional committee approved a resolution branding the world war i killing of armenians a genocide.   turkey has taken in the most refugees of any country, and is now home to more than . million syrians who have crossed the shared border.   turkey is an important ally and the u.s. government is hesitant to say anything that would damage relations between them.   turkey officially classifies isis and the pkk as terrorist organizations.   turkey opposes the u.s.' insistence that these fighters should target the islamic state group and not participate in their original battle against the government of syrian president bashar assad.   turkey says migrants drown off greek island of kos istanbul (ap) — authorities in the turkish city of izmir say six migrants drowned in waters off the nearby greek island of kos.   turkey says syrian kurdish forces who recently made gains in syria against is are linked to the kurdistan workers' party (pkk), which for decades has waged a deadly insurgency inside turkey.   turkey's government rejected the declaration, saying the rebels must lay down arms for good and leave the country.   turkey, which is currently being attacked, is now exercising its right to self-defense and security and will continue to use it.   turkey will, in all likelihood, not now face another election until , meaning policy makers have a chance to push through potentially unpopular reforms without fearing a backlash at the ballot box.   turkish authorities arrested him and sent him back to bremen, where he told police that he had wanted to help out in syrian refugee camps.   turkish deputy prime minister yalcin akdogan said thursday that if the hdp enters parliament it would scuttle the already shaky peace.   turkish forces have continued to hit pkk positions in air raids.   turkish presidents receive a state funeral in which their coffins, draped in the turkish flag, are carried on a gun carriage usually accompanied by a military band and government officials.   turkish protesters attacked the thai honorary consulate in istanbul overnight in protest over bangkok's expulsion of the ugihurs, smashing windows and ransacking parts of the building.   turnbull by was planning on postsecondary education, having learned how to operate telephones and computers with a mouth device.   turner insisted “i don’t want to talk about them” but admitted he took his frustrations out behind the scenes after referee gary maskell sent him from the touchline after ruling-out dean grant’s header for an apparent infringement.   turn heat down to medium and continue to boil for about minutes, whisking every few minutes.   turning paranoid there has been a sense of paranoia growing at paris saint-germain and marseille.   turning to russia isn't a viable solution either.   turnover was more than £m last year.   turns out i get to use my degree everyday.   turns out it did.   turns out, it was the same man that had been caught with salmon and charged with impaired driving earlier.   turn the fruits of crime back on itself by financing better policing resources.   tusk, along with european commission president jean-claude juncker, were in tokyo to attend the annual japan-eu summit meeting.   tvert said allowing pot use at authorized businesses would decrease the number of people who use pot openly.   tweets also link to stories related to missions from around the world.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share almost a week later, i do not know how i would have voted if i were on the jury for the gender discrimination trial against kleiner perkins.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share amazon has launched its prime now one-hour delivery service in london, marking its first expansion outside of the us.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share martin shkreli's bad month continues.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share on monday evening's daily show, host jon stewart publicly put his full support behind comedy central's decision to hire trevor noah as his successor.   twelve other ukrainian service members were injured in the fighting in separatist areas of eastern ukraine, the country's national security and defense council said.   twelve people were killed and dozens were wounded.   twelve people were killed when gunmen attacked the offices of satirical news magazine charlie hebdo, which has published cartoons of the muslim prophet muhammad.   twentieth century fox, which produces "empire," has asked another judge to figure out whether the actor or his ex-wife is entitled to more than $, of his earnings from the show.   twenty-five percent of the united states' resources are in montana.   twenty-one democrats voted along with republicans who offered the bill.   twenty-six percent of those said they didn’t believe administrators would handle the problem properly.   twenty-year-old brayden mcleod attended the event and said he will be voting for the first time in a federal election this fall.   t>, which owns an percent stake in sprint, acquired the company with the hope of merging it with t-mobile.   “twice in the past months i have written to heads of states of sadc and africa on these issues and i will be directly engaging them in due course.   twice u.s. open champion lee janzen, who clinched his first victory on the over-s champions tour at the ace group classic in february, headed four qualifiers in purchase, new york.   twin investigations are now underway to determine why the span collapsed and killed a construction worker.   twisted metal, ash david campbell, an official with the local chapter of the united steelworkers union, which represents plant workers, also said the blast at the refinery occurred near the fluid catalytic cracking unit.   twitch, the biggest online home for game live-streams with about million unique viewers per month, is hosting the event and expects , gamers to attend.   twitter announced the partnerships, which include five other partners, at its flight developer conference yesterday in san francisco.   twitter is one of wallace's first targets.   twitter reports of hail in altona showed up on social media friday morning.   twitter's offering differs by allowing its users to remain anonymous.   two () winners will each receive one () dell venue ().   two gallon tanks are fitted with fork slots for easy transportation via forklift.   two american officials told nbc news saudi airstrikes were conducted near sanaa wednesday.   two attackers were killed following an hourslong standoff that included a car bomb that exploded in the parking lot of the seaside corinthia hotel.   two big goals: putting man back on the moon and onto mars.   two bombers in a motorised rickshaw tried to get into the busy borno express terminal but were deterred by heavy security.   two claims of the russian company account add up to almost $ billion.   two donors have been found that are a perfect match, if the cancer will respond.   two employment reports issued this week show small business job growth is slowing, but employees are working longer hours and making more money.   two errors in the first inning gave paragould a - lead and five run seventh broke open a close game sending glen sain to a - win in game one of the double header.   two f- fighter jets were scrambled to escort the planes to the airport.   two fifths — or % — of unions will end in divorce before their th year, according to statistics canada.   two former awb executives were previously fined over their role in the scandal but police dropped a criminal investigation in after an independent review of the evidence found there was little prospect of a successful prosecution.   two french officials said authorities were working to confirm the identity of the recipient, but were not able to immediately confirm media reports that it was sent to an unspecified person in syria.   two germans died in the sousse attack.   two high-school girls strolling down the street gave a friendly wave to a pickup truck, and the driver pulled over near the bowling alley to give them a ride.   two-hundred-fifty of them answered and their stories form the backbone of the case they hope to argue before the court.   two international agencies say over a half million asylum-seekers have reached greece this year.   two judicial reviews have failed to overturn veloso's conviction and death sentence, and "an appeal for clemency may be stronger" than a third review, said edre olalia of the public interest law center in manila and a lawyer for her family.   two lanes were initially blocked due to the fire, one of which was re-opened about minutes after it started.   two men and a woman were arrested.   two men arrested at sarajevo airport in february were charged with attempting to join the islamic state group, which has sown terror throughout the middle east and north africa and executed several western hostages.   two minutes later and boos returned to the hdi-arena as stuttgart's quick-fire turnaround was completed.   two months before the matches, the international team met at the british open for what amounted to a coup.   two months later, after a period of silence, another death warrant was issued for hussain, with an execution date set for march .   two months later, authorities announced that he in fact killed himself to cover up his theft of thousands of dollars from a youth program.   two months later, nasa announced that it had found evidence that water still flows across the rocky surface of mars, a potential breakthrough in the search for life beyond earth and future "martian"-like colonization of the red planet.   two more years..   two north korean officials have been dismissed in light of the military standoff.   two of cosby's daughters, erika and evin, attended the institution.   two officers shot him when it looked like he was pointing a gun at police, the siu said.   two officers were wounded in the gunfire, which happened shortly after the new hope city council swore in two new policemen monday night.   two of obama's previous pentagon chiefs, robert gates and leon panetta, have publicly aired their grievances with what they saw as white house micromanagement.   two of the firefighters involved are managers, and the rest are rank-and-file employees who could seek the union's help.   two of the funds in the city's $ billion pension system dropped their holdings in gun manufacturers such as smith & wesson holding corp and sturm ruger & co inc after the sandy hook school shooting in .   two of the other cases gripped this city in ways we have never before experienced. ) murder for money?   "two of the seven sites tested positive for the amoeba."   two of the td strikes went to corey coleman, pushing his nation-leading total to , and the other to -foot-, -pound tight end laquan mcgowan, helping the bears (-, - big ) to a - halftime lead.   two of the visitor restrictions came into effect tuesday — at mont st. joseph home and pineview terrace in prince albert.   two other candidates -- wisconsin gov. scott walker and florida sen. marco rubio -- face much less resistance.   two out of every three victims are girls.   two people, including a young boy, died in the truck.   two people were killed and at least seven others wounded yesterday evening.   two special appliances were also used to fight the fire which struck at a wood recycling plant in iwade.   two strikes near baiji in iraq destroyed nine islamic state vehicles, seven buildings and three explosive devices, the combined joint task force said in the statement.   two strokes ahead after a birdie on the par- th, kuchar bogeyed three of the final four holes for a -under on pga west’s arnold palmer private course.   two survivors told the associated press that state detectives and prosecutors' agents tortured and threatened them to go along with the army's version that all suspects killed had died during a shootout with troops.   two teams scanned the ground where the train is thought to be - some from koper and richter's own company, xyz, and some from the agh university of science and technology.   two, the hearing was excruciatingly long.   two-thirds of adults polled by monmouth university said christie put his political ambitions ahead of running new jersey, up from percent in a poll in september.   two-thirds of those in the treated group were able to complete the course in the dimmest light, the level corresponding to a moonless summer night.   two toddlers were taken to the alberta children's hospital with non-life-threatening injuries.   • two transponders that could send identification and altitude data to air traffic control radar screens.   two turbojets under the fuselage and a rocket motor in the rear would be used during takeoff.   two u.s. officials said they believe the shooting in sousse may have been inspired by isis, however -- not directed by it.   two victims there said mix, , sexually assaulted them.   two weeks ago i was at a customer site where the customer’s parking area is contiguous to the parking lot for a strip mall.   two were decided in playoffs, and the largest margin was two shots twice.   two women had reportedly left the scene of the crash and were seen walking east on the bike path.   two years ago, petersen was on hand for the debut of the new $ million husky stadium.   two years have passed since shelby, and two bills have been introduced in congress to right what the court got wrong.   two years into their journey, hillary said they are still in the "thick of things."   two years later, first lady helen herron taft planted one of the first of more than , replacement trees sent from japan.   two young brothers bring new sport, archery tag to moscow by alex crescenti published: nov , at : am pst last updated: nov , at : am pst moscow, id – a new kind of tag in moscow is quickly gaining popularity, without many drawbacks.   typhoon dolphin threatens to make direct hit on guam accuweather hrs ago kristina pydynowski, senior meteorologist residents of guam should be rushing to complete preparations as strengthening typhoon dolphin threatens to make a direct hit on friday.   typically a goat or a bundle of banknotes can cost transgressors as much as the bride price that is paid to a girl's family by the groom.   typically drones are used at ski events to show overhead angles that grounded cameras simply can't capture; drones in some other countries have been banned from flying over crowds.   typically in the cooking world for mainstream restaurants, microgreens and shoots have been more of a garnish than an ingredient.   typically, social media platforms earn revenue of - percent of the value of transactions made on their sites, grieve said.   typically, teams are allotted a maximum of three practices.   tyshawn brockington’s mother, arnita, had first learned that he was wanted for murder when another son called and told her to turn on the news.   tyson boasts extensive knowledge of the state of nevada through his years as a journalist and working cowboy.   tyson foods was another company that climbed after reporting solid earnings.   u is currently on a run of shows in new york.   uaw officials are under significant pressure to get the gm deal ratified after having run into resistance to a fiat chrysler automobiles nv deal in october.   uber banned golden, but that did not satisfy caban.   "uber continues to work with us, that said they are operating unlawfully," halat said.   uber could "become huge job generator," he said, without providing any concrete details.   uber has faced the banhammer before in germany, belgium and brazil, to name a few countries.   uber is already operating in more than cities worldwide and is raising money at a $ billion valuation, a person familiar with the situation said last month.   uber made the announcement just days after cities around the country experienced skyrocketing prices on new year's eve.   uber said: "while we cannot ease their pain, we do hope that this settlement helps the family move forward.   ubersponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   "uber took its propaganda road show to new heights when it duped dozens of drivers..   ubs made a net profit of million swiss francs (£m) for the last three months of and . billion francs for the whole year.   ubuntu is a good (bad) example here - software management and updates were split a while ago, and getting the software update utility to tell you, in detail, what it is going to do is just really tedious.   ucilia wang contributor follow following unfollow i write about renewable energy, electric cars and water tech full bio → opinions expressed by forbes contributors are their own.   ucla david livingstone spectral imaging project 'an esoteric science' multispectral imaging works by photographing the object illuminated by numerous, very specific wavelengths of light, one at a time.   ucla routed uc san diego - and usc beat california - in the semifinals.   ucla will miss the big dance for the third time in six seasons.   uconn shot just . percent in the opening half.   uefa ordered albania to forfeit the match because team officials refused to send players back out to play in a hostile atmosphere in belgrade.   uefa said friday their cases will be dealt with on oct. . the draw meant that scotland cannot qualify for euro .   ufo sightings () classified ufo documents released are these bright lights a ufo?   uganda has more than % of the population aged between and years old, according to unicef -- and sussock wants them to get on their bikes.   ugh, ugg: shares in ugg footwear maker deckers outdoor slumped . percent after the company reported worse-than-expected fiscal third-quarter earnings and cut its outlook.   uk earnings growth accelerates september image copyright getty images uk average earnings have been growing at the fastest rate since , official figures have estimated.   uk news jon stewart charleston shooting suggest a correction sponsored links by gravity click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent huffpost daily brief get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   ukraine has had at least five imf loans since the s.   ukraine is a largely conservative nation split between followers of various orthodox churches as well as protestants and catholics.   ukraine president: mh culprits must take 'responsibility' ukraine president: mh culprits must take 'responsibility' : in australia, a ceremony was held in the great hall at parliament house.   ukraine's dollar bond maturing in dropped three cents to trade at cents in the dollar on wednesday, just off an all-time low.   ukraine shows off captured 'russian soldiers' kyiv has aired footage of two men that officials have called russian soldiers captured in the midst of fighting in the country's restive eastern regions.   ukraine: the human cost source: un report of january for refugee figures; news reports for casualty estimates donetsk airport: ukraine's coveted prize are you in mariupol?   ukrainian government troops and russia-backed rebels failed tuesday to start pulling back heavy weaponry from the front line in eastern ukraine as a deadline passed to do so.   ukrainian president petro poroshenko made the claim during a panel discussion entitled "the legacy of world war ii after years" in gdansk (poland), information agency rbc-ukraine reported.   ukranian forces have taken control of much of the contested airport and its surrounding areas, according to military spokesman andriy lysenko.   ulmart's sales hit $. billion (. billion euros) in , marking a -percent increase over the previous year and making the company the third-largest internet company in the country after search engine yandex and mail.   ultimately, an advisory question appeared on the november ballot in which county residents overwhelmingly expressed the desire for the right to vote on the issue.   ultimately, romney won just percent of the hispanic vote.   ultimately, sandy truett lost her fight against cancer four years ago.   ultimately, some immigrants who were hopeful that they could come forward—as early as tomorrow— will now remain in a holding pattern until the appeals process plays out.   ultimately, the city council will decide their fate.   ultimately, the failure of the reconciliation process resulted in a political vacuum, according to cambridge university libyan historian, professor jason pack, who said there was no isil in libya until this process imploded.   ultimately they dried up for us."   "ultimately, this is something that the congress must resolve," he said.   ultra hardline islamic state militants blew up the temple of baal shamin on sunday, syria's antiquities chief maamoun abdulkarim said, describing the destruction of one of the most important sites in the central city.   umpires: billy bowden, new zealand, and paul reiffel, australia.   unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.   uncertainty continued to reign on sunday.   uncertainty ruled the day's market.   un deputy secretary-general jan eliasson took part in the ceremony and condemned the attack on vucic.   u.n. deputy spokeswoman marie okabe said the staff continued to work in the offices of the u.n. monitoring, verification and inspection commission, or unmovic, which are in the process of being shut down.   under abe’s leadership, the country will do what it takes to reinvent itself economically, just as the us has done so many times.   under a conciliation deal with the federal elections commission, guinta agreed to pay a $, fine and pay back the money within months, according to a report by wmur.   under a "leave-share" policy, new parents will be able to share a portion of their six-week leave with their partners if those partners are unable to get paid time off, according to the wsj.   under a new bail reform policy introduced this summer, a small portion of defendants across the five boroughs would have the option of "supervised release," or tri-weekly check-ins with an assigned counselor in lieu of prison time.   under armour to buy myfitnesspal for $ million $ chipotle steak burrito: would customers bite?   under brazilian law, the supreme court has to approve any investigation of legislators or top officials in the executive branch.   "under certain conditions the person can be coerced to give the get," wolmark was caught saying on tape.   under corbyn, state-funded academies and free schools would be forced to return to local authority control while university tuition fees would be scrapped and replaced with grants.   under current law, companies considered small businesses must offer certain required benefits.   under current law it is a crime to make a specific threat.   under current methodology, there are companies and trading lines in the index.   under nebraska’s constitution, the commission has the authority to regulate “common carriers” such as pipelines and railroads.   under polish law, if the court rules in favour of the extradition request, the final decision will be handed to the country's justice minister.   under president barack obama, the department of justice has largely refrained from enforcing the federal ban, but a future president might not necessarily continue that approach.   underscoring the solid relations, the cairo-based arab league said this week it would consider building a "unified arab force" to battle is at its annual summit later this month.   under south african law, an offender sentenced to five years or less in jail can be released to correctional supervision after serving one-sixth of the term — in oscar pistorius’ case months.   understand that, and you're getting up to speed with what's really going on in this country.   under such circumstances, pakistan should be focusing on its internal challenges.   under the april agreement, iran agreed to scale back dramatically its nuclear programme and submit to ultra-tight iaea inspections in order to make any dash to make a nuclear bomb extremely difficult and easily detectable.   under the circumstances, this is a small miracle.   under the doe's finding, the district has been given days to reach a solution or face enforcement, which could mean the loss of title ix funding.   under the framework agreement, iran agreed to slash the number of uranium enrichment centrifuges it operates and would allow more intrusive inspections by the international atomic energy agency (iaea) in exchange for sanctions relief.   under the government's medicare program, which covers seniors and people with disabilities, patients with a mental illness can receive no more that days of inpatient treatment over the course of a lifetime.   under the leadership of morgan, the buccaneers' raid on porto bello alone produced plunder worth £,, some seven times the annual value of the island's sugar exports.   under the new laws, judges will work / processing asylum applications.   under the new plan, authors will get a share of the fund proportionate to the number of pages read.   under the niceties of the swiss political system, the people's party — already the country's most popular political movement — holds one seat, while the free democrats and social democrats each have two.   under the plan, a majority of voters in two districts will be latino.   under the program, trucks transporting potatoes are sprayed to protect against bacterial ring rot (brr).   under the reforms described by mohammed bin salman, the government would become more cautious about spending.   under the shade of tall trees at the igikiro primary school, about an hour's drive from kenya's capital nairobi, a group of jigger-infested people, young and old, sit together chatting.   "under the watch of both parties, the poor seem to get poorer and the rich get richer.   under trump's plan, which the businessman unveiled monday, individuals who make less than $, (and $, for married couples) would pay no income taxes.   uneasy time for state's biggest newspaper hengel's departure comes at a time of widespread unease about what the new owners intend to do with the review-journal, the biggest newspaper in nevada.   unemployment among members of the spokane tribe has been more than percent for years.   unemployment in france is stuck stubbornly at around percent and hollande has said he will not seek reelection in the presidential elections if he does not manage to turn the trend around.   unemployment is the fuel for social unrest and even revolution.   unemployment rates in states are now at . percent or below, a range that the federal reserve considers full health.   unexpected places to find the american flag photos recreated with recycled cars – talk about patriotism, razmik nazaryan made this colossal american flag with crushed cars.   unfortunate for the director, but certainly the government's prerogative.   unfortunately, faced by these and other intense political difficulties - we say nothing here of mr putin or islamist fundamentalism - the eu is tempted to tinker with marginal adjustments to its system of governance.   "unfortunately, for probably the whole of modern history we have seen bilateral russian-american relations being made a sacrifice on the altar of the election campaign, and being used as one of the tools of the campaign," peskov said.   unfortunately for the clintons, democrats didn't want to embrace the past.   unfortunately, impromptu visits to the canopy walkway are not allowed.   unfortunately, it appears that he was unable to do so, in spite of extensive efforts to assist him."   unfortunately, it's progressing very slowly.   unfortunately, it was toilet water.   unfortunately, people can be victimized by scammers if they aren’t careful to their homework before giving to a charity.   unfortunately, quality (scientifically valid) eq tests aren't free.   unfortunately, the explosive elements in this case were the contents of his stomach.   unfortunately, today most people live by "trusting no one until trust has been earned."   unfortunately, very often that means that you move so far from your platform that some of (your party's) members begin to feel that they have got on the wrong boat, and they begin to feel discontented."   "unfortunately we cannot send free samples of chocolate by mail," the company's faq reads.   unfortunately, we have continued to abdicate responsibility for the future of our community to politicians, particularly those in nassau; the port authority, and foreign investors.   un gran paese (italian edition) click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   un high commissioner for refugees guterres says providing shelter for those seeking refuge is a human obligation.   unian reported earlier that medvedev had said ukraine was now a potential military adversary of russia.   unian reported earlier that the lawyers of ukrainian pilot called on the court to change the measure of restraint from arrest to house arrest - in the hotel at the ukrainian embassy in moscow.   unicef said in a statement that the nepalese government's regional medical stores had already run out of vaccines against tuberculosis, and that stocks of other vaccines and antibiotics were critically low.   unikrn’s core business is a betting platform for competitive video games, run in collaboration with australian gambling company tabcorb.   union group of illinois is one of two medical marijuana companies that have been approved by the state to operate in jefferson township on the far northwest side.   union opponents say it violates first amendment rights to require nonmembers to pay fees that may go to causes they don't support.   unisdr estimated that the true figure on disaster losses -- including earthquakes and tsunamis -- is between billion u.s. dollars and billion u.s. dollars annually.   unitedhealth shares closed down by .% at $. on tuesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $. and a -week range of $. to $..   united states confederate flag to be removed from south carolina capitol the bill to take the confederate battle flag down from the state house in columbia has passed both houses of the south carolina legislature.   united states of america e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   unite to save the frick, which included designer maya lin and architectural historian victoria newhouse, said it had urged the frick to seek alternatives such as moving some offices off-site and renovating and repurposing underutilized space.   unit labor costs, the price of labor per single unit of output, increased at a . percent rate in the first quarter.   universality is the opening to a radical contingency.   universal quickly agreed to release the film, believes the visit will be a big draw for teenagers, thanks to its friendly pg- rating.   university of calgary student and wildrose member keean bexte championed the proposal.   university of maryland news release (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) nasa's new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first image of pluto's moon kerberos, revealing some surprises.   university of oregon president michael schill says the school has improved its protocol for handling sexual assault allegations.   university of saskatchewan researchers use an old ultrasound microscope on one of the dogs used to help develop a pet food from pulse crops.   university student alexi sat crouched on the sidewalk at one of the new areas instant messaging with his mother, who he said lives in italy.   univision says it will continue to fight trump over derogatory comments he made june about mexican immigrants when he announced his run for the presidency.   unknown person(s) forcefully entered the business sometime during the nighttime hours of dec. . if you have any information on this or any other crimes taking place in pike county, call crime stoppers at --.   “unless i’ve failed miserably at solo investing.”   unless of course you're one of the in households whose parents report leaving nothing at all under the pillow.   unless we commit murder, robbery or rape, or are being chased by a mob, do we get on the front page, or hardly on the back."   "unless you do a deed poll, this child has to live with this name throughout her life," she reasoned.   “unless you have a connection with someone or sustained communication with an isis recruiter, they won’t help you across the border.   unlike aluminum, which corrodes when it comes into contact with carbon fiber, titanium works well with carbon fiber and expands minimally in response to the large temperature swings the big jets experience.   unlike any other mmo strategy game, invasion's story falls back on the collapse of the united states government and the tensions of war that boil from it.   unlike chelsea, city made a high-profile addition to its squad by signing raheem sterling from liverpool for million ($ million).   unlike conventional fluorescence microscopy, two-photon microscopy doesn't exhaust the fluorescent molecules.   unlikely - but an interesting thought.   unlike other municipalities, such as detroit, puerto rico cannot declare bankruptcy due to its commonwealth status.   unlike some other terrible franchises that can lose quietly year in and year out, the jets flail and scream and make their presence known.   unlike the atp finals, which is being played on an indoor hard court at the o arena, the best-of-five series in gent from nov. - will be played on indoor clay.   "unlike the great coastal salmon-bearing streams that provide a significant food source for grizzly bears, the occurrence is rare in the land-locked mountain national parks.   unlike the iconic photojournalists of the time, like robert capa or margaret bourke-white, florea did not continue."   unlimited seattletimes.com content access is included with most subscriptions.   unnamed officials involved in the case told us media on tuesday there would be charges but it is not clear what they will be.   unnecessary quotation "marks" courtesy the bureau of economic analysis.   u.n. officials confirmed that more than syrian civilians were killed, including nearly children.   unofficial scoring by ap boxing writer tim dahlberg, round : pacquiao -.   un officials fear that nearly , people have died in attempted crossings of the mediterranean.   unsatisfied with that option, i kept browsing.   "unseasonal wetness may have been something that lowered their immunity to infection but until we do more analysis we will not know anything for sure," steffen zuther of the altyn dala conservation initiative told afp.   un secretary-general ban ki-moon is considering replacing benomar with a mauritian diplomat, ismail ould cheikh ahmed, according to news agency reuters.   unsurprisingly, the two have a formulaic romance that is both dull and hollow.   until about the s, they never had any contact with the outside world.   … until a dealer comes over to assist you.   until a few months ago, investigators had no reported evidence it might be related to microcephaly.   " until eventually, they realized it wasn't going to.   until friday, washington was one of only nine states that hadn't received a compliance extension from the federal government.   until he was seven years old i couldn't get a mounting block close to him, i just had to climb up.   until now, efforts in congress to revamp the tax system largely have focused on rewriting the income-tax rules.   until now, frontex has been limited to coordinating personnel from member states.   until now, however, they had precious few details to latch on to.   until now, the german foreign ministry claims that it is still checking to see who will officially represent germany in the armenian capital.   until now, turkey's blind eye toward al-qaeda and isis has kept the terror groups from mobilizing the grassroots in turkey.   until recently, longevity annuities weren't a very practical choice if you wanted to buy one with money from a (k) or ira, since federal regs generally demand you begin making required minimum distributions at age /.   until recently, louisiana students with an associate degree typically lost between and credits when transferring to a four-year state school.   until recently, some longtime residents still remembered when the two arthur brothers were tied to a flagpole and set on fire at the city fairgrounds in .   until the -yard completion, michigan state had outgained the hawkeyes -.   until then, augenfeld said, people looking to make donations can do so online with the canadian council for refugees.   until you listen to practice and you get to really watch them coach a six-inch step or the placement on the left breast palate or literally the littlest of details — that’s when you’re like, oh, i get it now.   untouched beaches and a large number of national parks with their rainforests, mangroves and unique subaquatic world also promise leisure travellers an unforgettable trip.   untreated, type diabetes can lead to heart, blood vessel, kidney, eye, and nerve damage.   unvaccinated children without a medical exemption would have to be home-schooled or study in small, private homeschooling groups.   upc irelandsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   update: car crashes into semi near greenup locks and dam concerns linger about expansion of route construction project comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   updated gmt ( hkt) july , photos when will formula cars be beautiful again?   updated gmt ( hkt) april , the "wonder list" crew heads southwest along the florida keys overseas highway, toward the setting sun.   update: gay couple allegedly attacked by marshall player speaking out $. million federal grant to help coal miners comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   update: netflix says those paying £. per month can keep their current rate for another year.   update: police have identified the little girl as dalis cox, , of southeast.   update your outdoor space with pillows that pop, such as the pottery barn penn stripe kilim pillow cover ($.).   update your strategy to match your success, and keep these mistakes in mind, in order to keep avoiding them like the plague.   up for best comedy are: amazon's "transparent," hbo's "veep," netflix's "orange is the new black," amazon's "mozart in the jungle" and hulu's "casual."   upgrades to municipal arenas: $. million.   upi.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events.   upi licenses content directly to print outlets, online media and institutions of all types.   up in the northeast, there's a collision on southbound deerfoot trail approaching th avenue n.w. blocking the right lane.   upi photographer caught in perimeter as n.y. fugitive shot hours ago malone, n.y., june (upi) -- a photographer for upi found himself near the center of friday's deadly confrontation between police and fugitive richard matt in upstate new york.   upi was founded in by e.w. scripps as the united press (up).   upkeep for the property is estimated at $, a month.   "uploading every aircraft parameter, every aspect of the airplane like fuel and hydraulic levels, engine controls, . percent of that time, you don't need that data," waldron added.   up next: at vancouver on saturday. . portland () pragmatism paid off at rio tinto, but man, how far the timbers have fallen in the watchability rankings.   up next eddie murphy returning to 'snl' after years can 'the biggest loser's' new winner keep the weight off?   up next ferrari's better, faster supercar cnn money vice to launch daily newscast for hbo the wall street journal.   up next fiat chrysler ceo woos potential allies to push gm merger could this be the next blockbuster cholesterol drug?   upon arriving at the toy factory lofts, you are greeted by marja kay, the singer playing lucha in the scene, and by a violist.   upon expiration, the rights terminated and had no further force or effect.   upon posting, a -day window opens when teams can pay the carp $ million and then negotiate a deal with maeda.   up to inches were forecast for west virginia, cnn meteorologists said.   up until now b.c. students didn't typically learn about residential schools until grade social studies.   urban growers are increasingly a part of this spirited movement.   urban said estrada was not cooperating with investigators and "is associated with a gang," but she added that he was "not a validated gang member."   urgences-environnement, a branch of quebec's environment ministry, will oversee clean-up of the diesel leak.   uruguay scored through a delicate first half goal by franco acosta who, with his back to the net, deflected the ball past the goalkeeper.   u.s. ambassador to japan caroline kennedy waves before she delivers opening remarks during jfk inter …   u.s. ambassador to south korea mark lippert leaves a lecture hall for a hospital in seoul after being attacked by a man.   u.s. april consumer credit rose $. billion, above expectations but slightly below march's $. billion.   u.s. attorney wendy olson said -year-old nathan paul davenport was sentenced monday for larceny, conspiracy and use of a firearm.   u.s. authorities have repeatedly accused china of backing hackers who steal commercial secrets - a practice that washington says it does not engage in. china strongly denies the u.s. accusations, saying it is itself a victim of cyber attacks.   u.s.-backed iraqi forces clashed with anti-al-qaeda militants known as the awakening council, or sahwa, after fighting erupted following the arrest of adel mashhadani, a sahwa leader.   us-based companies that organize visits say demand has soared this year.   us broadband is getting faster but still lags behind asia it's been a good year for the internet in america.   u.s. crude oil hit a five-month high of $. a barrel wednesday, responding to a surprise drop in the nation’s oil supplies.   u.s. crude supplies of last week gained . million barrels to . million barrels, million barrels more than one year before, the energy information administration (eia) said in weekly report on thursday.   u.s. delivers iraqi antiquities seized in raid on islamic state by saif hameed hours ago recovered artifacts are seen at the national museum of iraq in baghdad july , .   u.s. diplomatic officials said last week that the allied effort has now killed more than , isis fighters – including half of the top command.   u.s. district court chief judge william e. smith on wednesday sentenced -year-old jorge franco to months in prison.   us district judge jon tigar in san francisco on friday allowed the case to proceed, finding that the app-based ride-hailing service has advertised itself as “objectively and measurably safer” than competitors.   u.s. district judge leslie kobayashi on wednesday issued the ruling rejecting environmental groups' claims that the extra fishing is illegal.   u.s. district judge thomas griesa awarded the funds full payment on their defaulted bonds and barred argentina from servicing its restructured securities until it settled with the creditors.   u.s. drillers account for percent of the debt due in , chinese companies rank second with percent and u.k. producers represent percent.   u.s. economic growth is outpacing europe and japan, and growth in china and other emerging giants has cooled off.   use of this web site assumes acceptance of the terms of use, privacy policy statement and copyright policy.   use one to firmly lock your bike (even when inside) and the other to wield menacingly at your doofus neighbor, implicitly (or explicitly?) threatening against future boneheadedness.   users are encouraged to flaunt their good credit scores to friends, and even potential mates.   use spices and herbs to season foods, and lemon juice to add a little brightness to the dish.   use the arrow keys to move and jump.   use this link to invite folks to join your first-degree network.   usgcasponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   u.s. general reveals failure in syria plan is russia on the move in syria?   usher and ludacris have shown up.   us house votes to provide lethal aid to ukraine .. a resolution to provide lethal aid to ukrainian security forces has passed the us house with broad bipartisan support.   u.s. housing starts in july surged to a near eight-year high, the u.s. commerce department said tuesday, thanks to a surge in the construction of single-family homes.   "using any power tool, really, could be dangerous," he says.   using a spatula, transfer the eggplant to a wire rack.   "using halloween as a means to engage people that bats aren't bad maybe one way to do it," loeb said.   using satellite images and coast guard pollution reports, skytruth has estimated that between , and . million gallons of oil have spilled from the site since .   using self-reported questionnaires, they analyzed the spicy food consumption of nearly half a million people age to across regions in china, excluding those with cancer, heart disease and stroke.   using telescopes, they were able to capture some clean images before the sky clouded over.   using the bomb-sniffing dog means most passengers don’t have to take off their shoes, liquids stay in their bags and laptops don’t need to be revealed.   u.s. investigators: we believe this was china's work u.s. investigators believe they can trace the breach to the chinese government.   u.s. investors essentially have had to take chinese companies' financial statements on faith.   u.s. june auto industry sales rose to about . million vehicles, up . percent from a year ago, said bill fay, a toyota motor corp <.   u.s. keeper ashlyn harris made two saves.   u.s. kicks highway funding can down a broken road how married couples can boost social security benefits more from the wall street journal.   us leaders have joined the chorus of voices worldwide criticising the lack of transparency in the deal-making process, saying that even policy makers and politicians have been kept in the dark over the substance of the tpp text.   u.s. manufacturers, steelworkers demand obama fight back vs china currency attack a vendor holds chinese yuan notes at a market in beijing, august , .   us media said the deal, announced in mid-, valued forbes media at $ million.   u.s. military officials believe large amounts of funding come from iran.   u.s. news announces stem leadership hall of fame award winners stem leaders to be honored at national leadership conference in june u.s. news & world report logo.   u.s. officials also noted that oct. , was the fourth-largest trading day within the treasurys market with no major news events.   us officials and lawmakers said they suspected china was behind the breach.   u.s. officials say an independent commission is recommending broad changes to the military’s retirement and health care systems that could save more than $ billion over the next four years.   us officials say china has reclaimed about hectares of land (, acres) of land in the disputed spratly islands since .   u.s. officials say chinese law enforcement officers pressure expatriates to return to china china says it's fighting corruption and not doing anything illegal (cnn)u.   u.s. officials told cnn there was no indication that the russians have any intention of cutting the cables, but they said that they are showing off their capability to u.s. naval intelligence by their actions.   u.s. president barack obama and other nato leaders last fall committed their countries to hike defense spending over time to percent of gross domestic product.   u.s. president barack obama described the late king as a candid leader who believed in the importance of the u.s.-saudi relationship.   us president barack obama with cuban president raul castro during their meeting at the summit of the americas in panama city, panama, april , .   u.s. presidential campaign: where are the democrats?   u.s. presidents and air force one photos air force one flies past an american flag on its way into daytona beach, florida, in .   u.s. producer prices unexpectedly rose in november as the cost of services increased, but the underlying trend continued to point to weak inflation pressures, reuters said.   u.s. reports air strikes against islamic state in iraq and syria washington (reuters) - the united states and its allies conducted air strikes against islamic state militants in iraq and syria on friday, a u.s. military statement said.   u.s. republican presidential candidate donald trump arrives for jury duty at manhattan supreme court … "people are surprised that i agreed to do this," trump said.   u.s. republican presidential candidate jeb bush speaks during a campaign event at the pizza ranch in indianola, iowa, october , .   u.s. secretary of defense ash carter (l) and u.s. secretary of state john kerry testify at a senate …   u.s. secretary of labor tom perez is flying monday to san francisco, where negotiations between the dockworkers union and a maritime association of companies have come to a halt.   us secretary of state john kerry has announced talks in switzerland to discuss the ongoing ukraine fighting and an iran nuclear deal.   us state department deputy spokesman mark toner confirmed the trip wednesday.   u.s. stock markets looked set to open flat to a touch lower.   u.s. stocks edged higher in early trading thursday, may , , extending gains from a day earlier.   u.s. trade representative michael froman said on jan. that the united states had argued that data protection can help promote innovation and make sure that drugs come to markets earlier, but acknowledged the issue was "one of the most difficult."   u.s. treasuries yields rose on tuesday with benchmark yields reaching seven-month highs as investors reduced their bond holdings to make room for this week's flood of debt supply, including $ billion in three-year government notes.   us treasurys surged as investors bought less risky assets.   usually, the biennale is held in june and collectors come from america and move on to basel in switzerland for the big contemporary art fair, where everything is openly for sale.   usually, the program pays for services in the doctor's office.   "usually, we don't allow any political demonstrations."   "usually with a gun."   us wants greece to stick to the 'right' pipeline a us envoy visiting greece has urged the government in athens to stick to a us-favored pipeline rather than supporting a rival one pushed by russia.   us weekly is reporting that neither harbors any ill will toward each other, but their break up is more a matter of distance and timing.   utilities may or may not be included in the rent but are certainly a factor in considering a purchase.   utilities stocks declined the most, sliding . percent and extending its loss for the year to . percent.   utility companies and corporations can use gridmates for their business and can easily integrate the software into their systems to engage customers, improve service offerings.   uw was also second in the nation last season with an average of . sacks per game, but they have lost percent of that production.   uw women crush uc riverside, -; plum leads with points originally published december , at : pm updated december , at : pm scoring dynamo kelsey plum leads huskies with points before sitting out most of fourth period.   valeant was dealt another blow over the weekend after the wall street journal raised further questions over the murky relationship between valeant and philidor.   valeant, which had been a punching bag for both politicians and bronte capital’s john hempton, plunged when left compared it to enron.   valle was arrested in after his wife discovered disturbing material on his computer and reported it to the fbi.   valls shocked many this week by referring to a "territorial, social, ethnic apartheid" that especially affects the suburbs, and convened a special government meeting thursday to tackle this societal divide.   valls, who was speaking on france inter radio, did not say how many of the victims have yet to be identified and acknowledged that authorities still did not know enough about the attacks that took place outside the stade de france stadium.   values like these not only inspire modern muslim democrats, but also chime with the ideas of edmund burke and adam smith.   values once associated with small government now needed big government—the regulatory state—to preserve them.   van ass, who was with the indian team for only six months, is the fourth coach in five years to leave the country on a sour note after spaniard jose brasa and australians michael nobbs and terry walsh.   van chau says a representative of uber will attend today's executive committee meeting.   vancouver (--) pulled two points ahead of the los angeles galaxy.   vancouver granville: a new riding that the conservatives would have won in , but both the liberals and ndp are aiming to win this time in a close contest.   vanda felbab-brown of the brookings institution in washington dc says despite understanding the need to curb violence, pena nieto's approach has not been successful.   vandergraaf added that if trudeau does act on his promise, it would be a burden lifted off of law enforcement.   van der klaauw met yemen's ministers of public works and transport in aden to discuss the priorities for restoring normal life to the city, where a quarter of the , residents have been displaced, leaving some areas as "ghost districts".   vandrey said there's a feeling of optimism in the research community that "we'll start to get a good science base" for the potential medical uses of marijuana.   van garderen, seconds down on the leader, is still upbeat about his chances of springing an upset.   van haren did agree with gargett.   van hollen, , has served in the house since and is the top democrat on the republican-controlled house budget committee.   van hove rarely directs a new work.   vann says the owners have tried to breathe new life into the building, updating the structure but preserving the memories.   vantagepoint has investments in five companies on the list: bridgelux, brightsource energy, miasolé, solazyme, and tendril.) as the roster of startups shows, advanced green technologies are finally graduating from the lab and taking root commercially.   vanya shivashankar, , and gokul venkatachalam, , together hoisted the gold trophy amid a flurry of confetti after they clinched the th scripps national spelling bee.   variable-rate mortgages and lines of credit are generally tied to a bank's prime interest rate.   various experts have warned about pyongyang's nuclear arsenal.   “varoufakis!” he said, amazed.   vasilevskiy turned aside of shots.   vastly outnumbered democrats oppose increasing the state's sales tax, arguing the move will hurt poor and middle-class families.   vatnajökull glacier, in the country's southwest, stars as the uncharted land beyond the wall in westeros.   vats slows time, so that you can zoom in on enemies and determine the best shot to take.   vcs invested . billion euros ($. billion) in german startups the first half of this year, triple their level, according to ernst & young.   velichko petkov had pleaded guilty to causing the death of -year-old kerry hearn in november last year.   velvick, a pro bass fisherman, has continued to appear on fishing shows.   vendors including food trucks and snow cone trucks will also be on site after the race.   vendors of methane mitigation technologies and services such as infrared cameras and seals for compressors have already organized a washington trade organization earlier this year in anticipation of the rule called the center for methane solutions.   venezuelan supporters of jailed opposition leader leopoldo lopez hold his image as they protest outside venezuela's embassy in lima, peru, in september.   venture capitalists and hedge funds are swooping in with aims to profit on startups like snapdeal.   venture capitalists poured more than us$ billion into startups last year, the most since the dotcom bubble burst.   vergara will play the role of professor barrera in an episode during the upcoming th season of the animated comedy show, according to the magazine.   verge video blind test: what is the best music streaming service?   verizon's enterprise unit on tuesday outlined plans to offer a managed wide area networking service based on cisco's software-defined infrastructure.   verizon's retail postpaid average revenue per account fell to $. from $..   verlhac's coffin was covered in drawings and messages.   vermont sen. bernie sanders, clinton's most stout democratic opponent, said last week that the "tone" of the first video was "terribly wrong."   vermont sen. bernie sanders, clinton's stoutest opponent for the nomination, has called for more than $ trillion dollars in spending on the issue.   vernon, originally lilli menasche, became a u.s. citizen in and attended new york university before starting her multi-million dollar business.   verrett has missed the past two games with a hurt foot.   "very good," the driver said, "i'll have transit peace officers standing by at the next station.   very quickly, i started bonding with the people in the box, both inside the gym and through social media.   "veterans are not being put first."   veterinarians were even able to save her right foreleg, which they'd thought would have to be amputated.   vettel dedicated his win to bianchi after he took the checkered flag, speaking in french for the watching family and then adding in english: “we know sooner or later jules would have been a part of this team.”   via email mr stacey adds: "it is important to note that being an engineer will not automatically lead to quick riches, but it does lead to employability" who wants to be an engineer?   via social media, chat and skype sessions with isis supporters, conley (whose case inspired my new book bride of isis) progressed into believing the u.s. should be punished for engaging in airstrikes in iraq.   vice president joe biden is arguably the most qualified.   vice's shane smith spent $, on vegas feast after blackjack bloomberg day ago stephanie ruhle and max abelson it makes sense that vice had something to do with it.   vickers retired in and passed away on july . jon vickers studied at the royal conservatory of music in toronto and made his royal opera debut in .   victoria day fireworks displays in most communities produce big crowds.   victor orban made the statement in the wake of a deadly stabbing that made national headlines.   victory for essebsi consolidates his secular nidaa tounes party's position after it won the most seats in october's parliamentary election, beating out islamist party ennahda.   victory in this day/night fixture would have given the world champions an unbeatable - lead in the five-match odi series.   video by nayland blake.   video editor needed for fast growing bahamian production company send us your smiles bahamas!   video gif by michelle starr/cnet add creepy crawlies into the mix -- a frog and a caterpillar, both of which moved around a fair bit during the process -- and it becomes even trickier.   video: katu on your side investigator hillary lake answers your questions about earthquakes.   video: los angeles angels use chopper to dry field months ago anaheim, calif., july (upi) -- the los angeles angers got creative monday, in an effort to get in a baseball game.   video showed denis pushilin of the self-proclaimed donetsk people's republic and vladislav deinego of the luhansk people's republic at the talks speaking with reporters.   video shows l.a. cops pumping bullets into crawling man family, activists say father's death similar to chicago shooting of laquan mcdonald; l.a. sheriff's office says suspect refused to drop gun forced to learn islam?   video supplied to the associated press by zach rader — who was in the audience — and consistent with the ap's reporting shows more than a dozen students dancing and clapping on stage while a female student sings along to journey's don't stop believin'.   videos you should watch () displaced palestinians get apology why have , people instagrammed their bare feet?   viera added drama to stoppage time when he scored after javier mascherano lost the ball and allowed the visitors to pull one back.   vietnam veterans are honored during a welcome home ceremony for vietnam veterans at fort stewart in hinesville, ga. on friday, june , .   viewers and local residents came by to pay their respects.   viewers are telling him they want to spend more time with their television doctor, to "hold my hand, metaphorically speaking," he said.   viewers have their own take on aging werning's photos leave viewers to reflect on whether or not there is a distinction between growing older and growing up.   viewership for the raucous -way debate was the highest non-sports telecast in cable history, according to nielsen data provided by fox.   viewers will also again have the opportunity to have their plating skills and impressive dishes judged by michael bonacini on instagram.   view gallery a greek and a european union flag billow in the wind as the ruins of the fifth century bc parthenon … one of the most vocal critics of compromise has been energy minister panagiotis lafazanis.   view gallery anti-houthi protesters seek refuge as pro-houthi police troopers use tear gas to disperse them in ye … on the city's northern outskirts, houthis and allied troops fought gun battles with militiamen loyal to hadi.   view gallery a riverside city fire department water truck makes its way down a road towards the heart bar campgro … crews relied on retardant-dropping aircraft to battle the hard-to-reach fire, which began june in mountain wilderness.   view gallery arizona coyotes goalie mike smith, left, looks back at the puck as boston bruins center david krejci … jimmy hayes, joe morrow, brett connolly and brad marchand also scored for boston, which started -- at home.   view gallery a transit bus reminding people to vote travels in downtown vancouver, british columbia, october , .   view gallery balloons spell out the word "love" over the supreme court in washington, friday june , … roberts, though, was in dissent in the same-sex marriage case and chastised kennedy for overstepping judicial authority.   view gallery baltimore police officer william porter approaches the court house in baltimore, maryland, november … baltimore officials imposed a curfew and called in national guard troops to quell rioting that followed gray's death.   view gallery bees line a chimney, friday, june , in phoenix.   view gallery britain's chris froome celebrates on the podium after the fourth stage (montelimar - gap) of the … however tour rules stipulate that the kenyan-born froome has the option not to wear the fabled tunic out of respect to the stricken martin.   view gallery christian mergner, of columbia, s.c., holds a sign during a rally to take down the confederate flag … the house held a moment of silence for the rev. clementa pinckney, a state senator, who was killed in the attack.   view gallery corrects name - in this photo provided by slovenian conceptual band 'laibach', a poster is a … for the next few years, laibach concerts moved abroad.   view gallery demonstrators run from tear gas during clashes with police on october , in istanbul to protes … erdogan has said the attack had its roots in syria, where is militants have captured swathes of territory up to the turkish border.   view gallery detroit lions first round draft pick guard laken tomlinson poses with a football jersey as he stands … the lions moved up eight picks in the third round in a trade with minnesota, then drafted the -foot, -pound carter.   view gallery evacuees wait for food supply inside the joso city local interchange center known as toyota castle w … "my house is done for," one elderly woman told national broadcaster nhk.   view gallery executive producer/actor kevin spacey arrives at a special screening of netflix's 'house of … his devious asides to camera and "fu" cufflinks provide a constant reminder to viewers of his defiant, vaulting ambition.   view gallery faculty members embrace as they are allowed to return to umpqua community college monday, oct. , … "dr.   view gallery file - in this april , file photo, president barack obama speaks about recent unrest in balti … more than percent of voters who made less than $, per year backed obama over romney in that campaign, according to exit polls.   view gallery file - in this aug., file photo, member of belgian and french police stay next to a thalys tr … the ministers called for closer work with the aviation industry, based on its experience in increasing security since the sept. attacks.   view gallery file - in this dec. , file photo, jacquelyn johnson, left, stands next to her husband kenneth … at the end of april, the federal investigation will conclude its th month.   view gallery file - in this feb. , file photo the logo of a mercedes car is photographed during an annual p … uebber said daimler was seeing "no hesitation" among customers and said it was confident in its diesel technology.   view gallery file - in this jan. , courtroom file sketch, james holmes, left, and defense attorney tamara … she compared holmes to schizophrenics she has defended: they are erratic and irrational; they hallucinate.   view gallery file - in this monday, march , file photo, al-jazeera english producer baher mohamed, left, c … after freelancing in britain, greste joined the bbc as its afghanistan correspondent in .   view gallery florida state head coach jimbo fisher, center, talks with tampa bay buccaneers head coach lovie smit … nonetheless, winston got most of the attention.   view gallery friends and relatives mourn during the funeral of -year-old israeli-canadian soldier aaron bennett … netanyahu said he instructed ministers on steps "to prevent terror and deter and punish the attackers".   view gallery (from l) actress aomi muyock, director gaspar noe, actor karl glusman and actress klara kristin arri … "it's easier to show scenes of sensuality in european cinema because people are more open-minded.   view gallery green bay packers' aaron rodgers grimaces as he is tackled after recovering a fumble during the … favre and starr: starr, , is one of the most beloved former players among packers fans.   view gallery his mother owns a ranch there where roosters are bred for cockfights.   view gallery houston texans running back arian foster () is helped off the field by center ben jones () and a … mallett, who lost the starting job two weeks ago to brian hoyer, missed the team plane and had to fly to florida on his own.   view gallery india's congress party president sonia gandhi, front center arrives at party headquarters to bri … swamy alleges that the gandhis and some supporters illegally used party funds to acquire the assets of the real estate firm.   view gallery indonesian divers have retrieved the flight and cockpit voice recorders of air-asia flight qz fr … "the similarities are pretty striking," daniel tsang, founder of hong kong-based consultancy aspire aviation, told afp.   view gallery in this may , , photo, recovering injuction drug users justin kennedy, left, and patton couch, … the state's biggest cities, louisville and lexington, plan to launch programs this summer.   view gallery in this may , photo, south korean cho kyeong-duk, the movie director who has been interviewing … kim and most of the other pows who left the korean peninsula settled in south america.   view gallery in this photo taken on saturday, april , , auriane canesse, crew geologist and health and safe … the belgian students are the rd group in the last years to travel to this outpost for a two-week mission.   view gallery iran's president hassan rouhani, center, places flower on the coffin of a dead hajj pilgrim who … "it should become clear whether some individuals were guilty in this incident or not.   view gallery iraqi men wave their national flag during a demonstration against corruption and poor services in ba … people have protested over services and corruption before, but the demonstrations failed to bring about significant change.   view gallery jennifer palmieri arrives at a federal courthouse in greensboro, north carolina may , .   view gallery juha sipilä, chairman of the centre party, campaigns in espoo, finland on april , ahead of th … "we need..   view gallery liverpool's jordan henderson reacts to a decision by the referee during their premier league mat … rodgers was less forthcoming over the latest reports of his supposed strained relationship with liverpool captain steven gerrard.   view gallery martin flores watches his tee shot on the th hole during the second round of the wells fargo champ … mcilroy appears to be gaining a head of steam.   view gallery men dressed as soldiers walk along carrying boards with proposed baby names on, outside the lindo wi … the couple looked relaxed but didn't answer any questions.   view gallery michael matthews of australia wears the pink jersey of the overall leader as he celebrates on the po … monday's third stage features medium hills and runs along a -kilometer (.-mile) route from rapallo to sestri levante.   view gallery migrants rest in a camp near the border train station of idomeni, northern greece, as they wait to b … migrant deaths: turkish and greek officials say two migrants have died after boats carrying them capsized.   view gallery migrants walk on train tracks after leaving a camp on the border with slovenia in spielfeld, austria … police say those identified came from syria, afghanistan, iran and iraq, and were aged between months and years.   view gallery munich head coach pep guardiola gestures during the soccer match between fc bayern munich and fc sch … augsburg's dream season keeps getting better.   view gallery new york jets quarterback ryan fitzpatrick () throws a pass against the philadelphia eagles during … the dolphins had the longer flight — ½ hours — and players wore compression sleeves on the plane.   view gallery our lady of the rosary of las lajas sanctuary was built at the site where, in , an indigenous co … a small chapel was built there in the th century, and the current basilica was built from to .   view gallery palestinian president mahmoud abbas and u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon hold a press conference i … as netanyahu headed to germany, u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon held talks with palestinian president mahmoud abbas in the west bank.   view gallery presentation of the six nations rugby union tournament (afp photo/p.   view gallery seattle (ap) — crews have begun cleaning up seattle's famed "gum wall" near pike place market, where tourists and locals have been sticking their used chewing gum for the past years.   view gallery sep , ; bronx, ny, usa; new york yankees pitcher caleb cotham () delivers a pitch during the … it was the second time in less than a month tanaka produced a big outing against the blue jays.   view gallery shoes and clothed collected for refugees are placed at a community centre near the train station in … "say it loud, say it clear, refugees are welcome here," chanted hundreds of well-wishers at frankfurt's main station.   view gallery sri lanka's tillakaratne dilshan follows the ball after playing a shot, as west indies' wick … dilshan made off deliveries hitting five boundaries, having scored in the first match in pallekele on monday.   view gallery starting pitcher hisashi iwakuma of the seattle mariners smiles in the dugout after completing six i … it marked the fifth no-hitter in seattle history.   view gallery steve cauthen, jockey for affirmed, the last horse to win the triple crown, signs autographs before … last year's crowd of , was apparently too much for the track to handle.   view gallery tennessee's jalen hurd () is upended by iowa's greg mabin during the first half of the taxs … jones also delivered the program's first winning season since .   view gallery the dalai lama arrives to address an audience near the stone circle as he visits the glastonbury fes … arriving at london's heathrow airport on saturday, he had expressed horror at the previous day's attacks in tunisia, kuwait and france.   view gallery the director of the north american department of cuba's foreign ministry, josefina vidal (r) and … "look, it's not just for the good of the cuban people, who have suffered greatly.   view gallery the gcc summit also comes days before yemeni rivals are to gather in switzerland to try to end a cos … both saudi arabia and qatar support some rebels in syria.   view gallery the host city of the winter olympics will be decided this week in a vote of the international olympic committee in kuala lumpur, malaysia.   view gallery this combination of undated photos provided by the washington, d.c., police shows daron dylon wint.   view gallery this image provided by microsoft studios and moon studio shows a scene from the video game, "or … . "rock band ," the long-awaited return of the ultimate party game.   view gallery this most wanted flyer provided by the fbi shows liban haji mohamed.   view gallery "this trade deal would make it easier for corporations to shut down more factories in the us an … the challenge obama faces has already played out once, when he struggled hard to get the authority from congress to negotiate a final deal.   view gallery university at california berkeley biochemist jennifer doudna speaks at the national academy of scien … the potential is huge: scientists are engineering animals with humanlike disorders to unravel the gene defects that fuel them.   view gallery victoriano del rio fighting bulls run after revelers during the running of the bulls at the san ferm … the bulls are killed by professional matadors in bullfights each afternoon during the festival.   view gallery while no official statistics are available, 'tchatchos' - or those with lightened skin, ofte … "it would push consumers to make their own products, which would be even worse.   viewing a meteor shower is simple: other interesting facts about the draconids: if you miss draconids, don’t worry.   view our comment policy here.   view photo $m powerball winners in north carolina, puerto rico, texas; $m winners in pa., nj check your tickets - the winning numbers have been drawn for the $ million powerball jackpot.   view photo accuweather maps: super bowl sunday snow accuweather is tracking the possibility of accumulating snow sunday night into monday.   view photo boyfriend scalded toddler in bathtub on purpose, police say delaware county authorities have arrested a chester man in a disturbing case of child abuse.   view photo cleveland cavaliers forward kevin love () pumps his fist after an assist during the third quarter against … (the sports xchange) - it did not take long for the cleveland cavaliers to figure out how to lean on their star forward for victories.   view photo file - in this dec. , file photo, senate majority leader sen. harry reid of nev., left, talks with senate minority leader sen. mitch mcconnell of ky. on capitol hill in washington.   view photo file - in this dec. , , file photo, a girl runs past a street sign in hildale, utah.   view photo file - in this feb. , file photo, ramon isaza arango, center, commander of the magdalena medio bloc, speaks with his men before turning in their weapons during a disarmament ceremony in puerto triunfo, colombia.   view photo file - in this june , file photo, rice plants grow from the cracked and dry earth in ryongchon-ri in north korea's hwangju county.   view photo file - in this sept. , , file photo, milwaukee brewers catcher jonathan lucroy prepares to take the field for a baseball game against the pittsburgh pirates in pittsburgh.   view photo general motors co. headquarters is seen in detroit, michigan, september , .   view photo gloucester county school district targeted by hackers hackers targeted a gloucester county school district's computer network, holding it for ransom.   view photo hurricane patricia is strongest ever in western hemisphere hurricane patricia headed toward southwestern mexico friday as a monster category storm.   view photo in this dec. , , photo, participants hold the "oath of allegiance" and american flags during a naturalization ceremony attended by president barack obama at the national archives in washington.   view photo in this saturday, july , photo, workers harvest chile on the -acre adams produce farm near hatch, new mexico.   view photo in this undated photo made available by the alabama department of corrections, shows inmate anthony ray … montgomery, ala. (ap) — a man who spent years on alabama's death row will go free after a decades long fight to prove his innocence.   view photo investigators examine burned-wreckage in deadly train crash six people were killed and at least a dozen others injured when a metro-north train slammed into a jeep cherokee on the tracks tuesday night in new york.   view photo kitchen fire breaks out at center city restaurant fire has damaged a popular restaurant in center city philadelphia.   view photo new zealand kane williamson pulls the ball against sri lanka during the opening match of the cricket world cup at christchurch, new zealand, saturday, feb. , .   view photo nov , ; houston, tx, usa; houston rockets center clint capela () dunks the ball against the philadelphia … the ers lost their final games last season to finish - and have now dropped their first games this season.   view photo ny mayor eulogizes officer as cops outside turn backs thousands of city police officers turned their backs sunday as they watched mayor bill de blasio eulogize an officer shot dead with his partner.   view photo operations resume after nj postal facility hazmat incident officials are on the scene of a hazmat situation at a postal facility in hamilton township, mercer county.   view photo photos: suspects in local child predator sweep the pennsylvania attorney general's office announced the results of a local child predator sweep.   view photo police: killed, wounded in attack at planned parenthood police say three people are dead after a shooting at a planned parenthood clinic in colorado springs.   view photo police cruiser and taxicab collide in west philadelphia a philadelphia police officer, a taxi driver and a passenger were hurt after a police cruiser and cab collided in west philadelphia.   view photo police investigate violent domestic incident in montco police are investigating a violent domestic incident in lansdale, pennsylvania.   view photo president barack obama speaks during the white house conference on aging, monday, july , , in the east room of the white house in washington.   view photo scaffolding is seen at the construction site of a new home in carlsbad, california september , .   view photo suspected mastermind of paris attacks killed in raid, french prosecutor says the paris prosecutor says that the suspected mastermind of the paris attacks, abdelhamid abaaoud, was killed in a police raid.   view photo the moto g the new moto g handset continues to build on the winning formula of useful features and excellent packaging at a price that makes the handset accessible to all.   view photo the deputy director of the malaysian maritime enforcement agency, ahmad puzi abdul kahar, show a picture of missing tanker during a press conference in kuala lumpur, malaysia, monday, june , .   view photo the official mascot of the ig nobel prizes— "the stinker."   view photo the paypal logo is seen during an event at terra gallery in san francisco, california may , .   view photo the sanofi logo is seen at the company's headquarters in lyon, france, october , .   view photo traders work on the floor of the new york stock exchange december , .   view photo west indies player's celebrate after dismissing pakistan's captain misbah ul haq, left, during their cricket world cup match in christchurch, new zealand, saturday, feb. , .   view through the window "taxi" is a -minute cab ride through tehran, the capital of iran.   vikki shelley fell ill at holborough lakes in snodland last july during her third dive of a private course.   vile has always been a complex and intuitive songwriter, and the interiority of b'lieve i'm goin down… lends itself to some of his most concise and reflective lyrics yet.   villegas fired two shots, and wampler pulled out a backup gun and shot ford in the back.   ville-marie spokeswoman émilie miskdjian said the borough has workers who "systematically" pick up syringes from streets and public spaces a few times a week.   vinci and williams have played four times, and vinci has not even won set.   vin diesel sings 'furious ' paul walker tribute song at mtv movie awards shailene woodley speech: woodley definitely marches to the beat of her own drum, which is part of her appeal.   vint was made to pay for losing possession just outside his own penalty area on minutes.   violence does not get justice."   violence in el salvador has increased over the past year after a truce between the barrio and rival gang mara salvatrucha (ms-) started to unravel.   "violence in the name of god is violence against religion itself" state the religious leaders, who reaffirm that their common dialogue has strengthened their conviction that "there is no future without tolerance, respect and peaceful co-existence".   virginia city news could not reach langer, but krnv reported the d.a. said she plans to begin the process to exhume black’s remains for further examination.   virginia mccardell pts thats what was done in woodriver valley at least eagle still retains some low income housing.   virginia senator tim kaine, a democrat, said a deal would be a "non-starter" for him if, for example, iran refused to allow inspections on military bases.   virgo (aug. -sept. ): today is an -- remember to consult with your partner, and avoid an argument at work.   virtually all sprint customers are on unlimited data plans, but a small percentage are on tiered plans, and % of sprint customers reported paying overages recently.   "virtually any economic policy decisions by pboc related to currency and the financial sector should be viewed through this lens," he said in an article posted friday on the adb website.   virtually every senate republican supports the bill and nine democrats have signed on as co-sponsors, including independent sen. angus king, who caucuses with democrats.   visible signs of the horror on the beach have been removed.   visions of a water-poor planet populated with martians influenced authors ranging from edgar rice burroughs to ray bradbury.   visit / wall st. for the complete report on the companies with the best and worst reputations.   visitation will be held from p.m. to p.m. tuesday, oct. , at the collier funeral home in louisiana.   visitation will be saturday, august , at a.m., at woodlawn funeral home.   visiting pakistan after going to india over the weekend, kerry said all militant groups should be targeted to bring security to the region.   visitor magnets: irresistible cities photos . antalya, turkey – no. antalya, a mediterranean sea resort town in southwestern turkey, saw . million international arrivals in .   “visitors to jamaica need to be informed about the local environment and culture in clarendon.   visitors to the picnic will also have the opportunity to buy chances on drawings for $, $ and a handmade quilt and organizers note you do not have to be present to win.   visitors will be able to pet a chick, hen or duck, who are chosen for their temperament to sit and lap up attention.   vive, which estimates it has helped , people, will clear the way for about , more to interview in canada this year.   ”voces, suite flamenca" by ballet flamenco sara baras is presented by the leisure and cultural services department.   vocus' acquisitions drive fy revenue growth vodafone nz slips further into the red major leadership changes signal uncertainty in china's telco market iinet pulls the plug on fetch tv you have been successfully signed up.   volkswagen has long viewed russia as a country filled with promise.   volkswagen itself is in need of renewal, and not just in terms of its supervisory board.   volkswagen will reconsider plans to introduce diesel models in japan following the scandal, according to spokeswoman dorothea gasztner.   volpe has placed the captain and the head of the company that built the ferry under investigation for possible charges of negligent homicide, bodily injury and negligence leading to disaster.   volunteer coaches also become mentors, yang said.   volunteers christie matthews and danna johnson have run this fundraiser every year since .   volunteers quit, fundraising "came to a crashing end" and the campaign was "critically wounded" after don martin's column was published, according to arthur kent's testimony today.   vonn has won the last four races she's entered to start the season and is the most successful female racer in world cup history.   vonn: tiger is an 'inspiration' vonn: tiger is an 'inspiration' : much of the talk since her comeback has concerned the world cup record, which has proved something of a distraction.   vontrey jamal clark who entered in july was deported through ngurah rai airport in denpasar, the provincial capital of bali resort island.   vote: can chip kelly handle personnel duties?   vote for her with your first choice, with a clean conscience.   voter participation in the n.w.t. has been in free-fall for a decade.   "voters are going to have to decide that."   voters had also been given biometric id cards linked to their photographs and fingerprints, making it hard to inflate voter numbers significantly.   voters in colorado, washington state, oregon, alaska and washington, d.c., have also have approved ballot measures legalizing cannabis for adult recreational use.   voters must approve the measure every six years.   vsl hair design is located at connecticut ave nw.   vue cinemas reported selling , tickets in just minutes, while the u.k.'s picturehouse chain reported "unprecedented" demand.   vulcan lawyer karen currie and her partner robert farrow died in the fire early monday morning.   v - volkswagen golf gti clubsport – volkswagen will be celebrating the th anniversary of its iconic golf gti next year and frankfurt marked the debut of the special edition volkswagen golf gti clubsport -- the most powerful production gti ever.   vw announces cautious investment cuts dow jones, pearson sell stakes in russia's 'vedomosti' dow jones and pearson have announced plans to sell their stakes in russia's liberal daily newspaper "vedomosti" by the end of the year.   "vw keeps touting utmost transparency, but they really should have put all the cards on the table," said stefan bratzel of the center of automotive management think-tank near cologne.   vw says the new r runs from zero to mph in . seconds, with a top speed that is electronically-limited to mph.   waco shooting victim jesus rodriguez, , with an unidentified woman.   wade maclauchlan's financial disclosure "it's of public interest so it should be public knowledge.   “wait a few years when we’ve had a couple of nor'easters and coastal erosion has continued and everything’s going to look like it did before sandy again and the coast is going to be more vulnerable,” he said.   wait, i think i'm smelling something stinkier.   wakefield, a transient with a history of mental illness who also maimed himself in the incident, was booked into a maricopa county jail aug. on one count of first-degree murder and two counts of animal cruelty after being released from a local hospital.   waldl says the polish driver was detained as well the refugees — men and three teenagers — who fled the site of the crash.   walgreens, which began with its first corner drugstore in chicago in , now has a “retail pharmacy network spanning the united states and europe as well as key markets in latin america and asia.”   walker also instituted a policy in his office nearly a year into office, in november , requiring that "any campaign work should be done away from the capitol or state office building with your own phone, computer, and personal email."   walker county producers were harvesting hay.   walker downplayed hammes' involvement, calling him a "tiny little investor" in the project, and insisted his support wasn't influenced by politics.   walker: he's touring new hampshire with former sen. scott brown, the wall street journal reports.   walker is years old.   walker recounted past election cycles where summer surge candidates flamed out.   walker says the state wants to continue encouraging production and isn't trying to send a message to the industry other than we're all in this together.   walker's two brothers helped complete action scenes in furious , which earned more than $. billion globally after it was released in april.   walkinshaw came to the state house in , after then-sen.   walk-ups also are accepted.   waller county district attorney elton mathis said the case was being treated like a murder investigation and he plans on sending it to a grand jury as early as next month.   walleye lower columbia below bonneville dam – boat anglers in the vancouver area caught some fish last week.   wall is scheduled to be sentenced april .   wall praised prime minister stephen harper for responding quickly to the need for additional resources to fight the fires.   wall street is betting more outbreaks and bans will keep sanderson's profits grounded in .   wall street keeps a close watch on the number of new video subscribers as pay tv operators fight to keep customers amidst intense competition from streaming video services.   wall street loves to use confusing terms to make you think only they can do what they do.   wall street was expecting revenue of $. billion and non-gaap earnings of $. a share.   wal-mart had said earlier this year it was working toward settlements with the victims of the crash.   wal-mart is designed to be a winner in the bricks-and-mortar setting, and it's unlikely to cede its dominance here.   walmart is planning to build a neighborhood market at the crossroads.   wal-mart spokeswoman deisha barnett stressed that it sees its relationships with suppliers as critical to the company's success.   wal-mart's yield of .% is also above average for dow jones industrials stocks.   walsh-as-delahunty says harper needs to be saved so he can stop "his relentless, exhausting, fearmongering and panic pushing."   waltho says bunting signed a promissory note acknowledging the loans and their partnership, but gave numerous excuses for late payment, including either being "on tour'" or not touring enough.   walton: it all rolls into one.   wang, kerry said, had "indicated a different readiness of china to try to resolve some of this, although i think it is still not as fulsome as some of us would like to see."   wang was not involved in the study.   wanting to be our best selves is noble and important, yes — when it’s our idea.   want more stuff like this?   want to score cool points with shoppers?   warburton said defeat by the scots would have signaled the end of welsh six nations title ambitions for this year.   ward said the creators at pixar wanted to plot an exhibit that was both educational and fun but didn't feel like a rehash of the "cars"-themed land at disney's california adventure theme park in anaheim, california.   "ward's draft alone bears all the signs of having been a first draft, just as it alone can be definitively said to be in the hand of one of the king james translators themselves," miller wrote.   wareham added in a statement: "may i remind all concerned that the defendant has a right to a fair trial.   warmer temperatures mean more melting snow—switzerland has lots of it—which means higher risks of flooding and rockslides.   warmington has been opposed to the post remaining part of jamaica's system, saying that it was outdated.   warner bros. was behind eight harry potter movies released between and that took in $. billion us at the global box office.   warning that the campaign had become too nasty, walker said monday he's "being called to lead by helping to clear the field in this race so that a positive conservative message can rise to the top."   warrants are out for the streaker and videographer, though no arrests have been made yet.   warren buffett: when to give away your money duration: : day ago the world’s most famous investor details his philanthropic philosophy: how to give, when to give and where not to give.   warren buffett: when to give away your money more insurance premium hikes on the way?   warren later took a treasury spokesman to task over what she saw as that department’s inattention to cyber risk.   warren reported from dallas.   warren truss: the defined search area in the southern indian ocean has always been based on the careful analysis of satellite data and aircraft performance information.   warriors guard thompson back for team practice golden state warriors guard klay thompson () ; at oracle arena, oakland, ca, usa.   warshick is survived by two children and his wife.   was doing a movie of this size and scale even on your radar after safety not guaranteed?   washington (-) at atlanta (-) the falcons have scored points, second in the league to arizona, and, in a scheduling quirk, already are - against the nfc east.   washington (afp) - forces fighting the islamic state group have cut critical communication and supply lines used by the extremists between syria and iraq after a two-week operation, the us-led coalition said.   washington (ap) — the daughter of imprisoned malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim is urging u.s. officials to press the government to allow him medical treatment and release him.   washington (cnn)donald trump says he's not blaming george w. bush for /, but he claims that if he'd been president, the attacks never would have happened.   washington (cnn)retired neurosurgeon ben carson took his clearest step yet towards a presidential bid with the launch of an exploratory committee on monday.   washington goalkeeper megan kufeld earns pac- honor originally published september , at : pm updated september , at : pm kufeld earns pac- goalkeeper of the week after two victories.   washington got the equalizer with : left in the period when defenseman taylor chorney's blast from the point caromed off the boards back out in front.   washington had also expressed reluctance about being seen as fighting alongside the iranian-backed groups.   washington has an opportunity to take a meaningful step to advance human rights in the region.   washington has backed the changes, but regional rivals china and south korea have expressed concern at any expansion of japanese military might.   washington has had rocky relations with many of the syrian rebel groups that it has armed.   washington has proposed two options: a state visit in , or a high level working visit this year, the official said.   washington is also poised to offer new weapons under a push for a gcc shared missile defense system, senior u.s. officials said last week.   washington post image copyright picador by hanya yanagihara (us) published by picador about the book: the story of four college friends who have moved to new york seeking fame and fortune.   washington said president barack obama had authorised the "provision of logistical and intelligence support" for the campaign.   washington's run game was no help; the huskies finished with yards rushing on carries.   washington's support for myanmar's shift from five decades of direct military rule was a rare foreign policy triumph of president barack obama's first term — demonstration of his willingness to extend a hand to america's most enduring adversaries.   washington state is on the verge of becoming the first in the nation to let adults over buy taxed, inspected marijuana at state-licensed shops.   washington's the first state in the country to cut tuition for public colleges and universities this year.   washington wants to stretch the time iran would need to make a bomb from a few months to a year.   washington, which has seen assad as the cause of the syrian crisis, has been concerned by an ongoing russian military buildup in syria and warned moscow that it could further destabilize the situation.   wasim will fill the vacant spin bowler's slot, following a -month bowling ban on off spinner hafeez.   was i really so critical and arrogant?   wasn't the fact that the officer lied enough?   was this the day history's page was meant to turn?   watch contestant's big fail on 'wheel of fortune'   watch for a mistake or change in plans.   watch: novak djokovic discusses his ambitions with gq.   watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer.   watch rob on-air weekdays on cbc calgary news at . reporters didn't have cellphones when i started in the news biz.   watch their reunion in the video above and more from the show here.   watch the raw video: runner airlifted after relying on google maps runner airlifted after relying on google maps: with files from tim weekes comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   watch the report.   watch the trailer for the second season of powers, playstation's only original..   watch the video fortunately, in the past couple of years some marketers are looking at mother's day from a whole new perspective.   watch the whole interview at today.   watch video : dubai: big firework goes ahead despite fire : despite the clock striking midnight in iran, many iranians will not celebrate january as new year's day.   "water just coming toward us, gushing.   waters also made a hard tackle on ottawa's chris williams on one punt return.   water witches have been a fixture in california agriculture for about as long as people here can remember.   watson plans to work through the end of ski season, april th, and then he plans to rent a boat in saint lucia to go scuba diving in the grenadine islands in the caribbean with his girlfriend.   watson, recognized broadly for beating two champions of the game show jeopardy! in , will sift through thousands of mutations and try to identify which is driving the tumor, and therefore what a drug must target.   watson traded scores with augusta over last two minutes to set the final score at -.   watt owns a personal training studio across the street from the theatre and when she has some free time, she goes over and plays.   watt says his top spots are close to the stage on the centre hill.   watts-jackson and a convoy of spartans went yards and crossed the goal line as the clock showed zero, giving michigan state its seventh win in the last eight games against its top rival.   wax museum madame tussauds london has announced it will open a multimillion dollar interactive "star wars" exhibit this may.   wbhs coach heath webb is not writing off this week’s opponent due to that opening loss, in fact, it concerns him that it may have them even more focused.   wccb charlotte weather charlotte's in the running!   "we acknowledge and are accountable for past compliance and control failures," hsbc said late on sunday after news outlets published the allegations about its swiss private bank.   we agreed on a diary.   weakened economy playing a part?   "we all know what's happened with the price of oil.   "we all love shem en naseem because all of the family eats together," says -year-old mariam ahmed.   we all love sign-up bonuses.   we all see ourselves as ambassadors eager for an opportunity to spread the word about the brand," he stressed.   we all went to school here, grew up in the u.s.," she said.   “we already have one in spain.”   "we also believe that some of the testimony is inconsistent with the evidence that's being seen and produced by the state."   "we also found no evidence that borrowers incurred title fees in excess of the market rates," he said.   "we also know what happens in the arctic doesn't stay in the arctic," he said.   we also periodically disclose certain financial measures in our quarterly earnings releases, on investor conference calls, and in investor presentations and similar events that may be considered "non-gaap" financial measures.   “we also proposed a model that will improve the scheduling of regular time off and quality of life while enhancing our service and efficiency, but the union has not been interested.”   we also want to be able to help other people who are in our situation - former or current walmart employees married to someone of the same sex, who were unable to get their spouses covered by walmart's health insurance plan before january , .   'wealth has made us lazy,' thinks trond bentestuen.   we always, always, always, always, always overcome," he said.   "we anticipate that we will see higher revenue growth in and beyond from the groundwork done over the last few years," he said.   "we appear to be having issues again," a whatsapp spokesman told reuters.   "we appreciate ms king's actions."   "we appreciate the work of those who serve the senate community and agree they should receive a fair wage.   we appreciate you.   we approached it from, "what does the story call for right now?"   we are all anxiously awaiting a column publicly extolling the virtues of and then jumping on the bandwagon for donald trump.   "we are all dealing with the unique challenges brought about by rapid economic growth and the high population of expatriate workers seeking better opportunities," the ministry said, adding that it is "committed to effective and sustainable change."   we are all in this together.   "we are also demanding an apology from the highest levels of government - the president, the chancellor's office, ideally the bundestag, as well as the return of all human remains."   we are always looking for clean products that fit our values and what the goop audience wants,” says paltrow, who’s known for her high-end tastes.   we are a pluralistic nation by choice, one of the most religiously diverse and devout in the world.   "we are asking of states that wish to intervene in israel's internal affairs to do so publicly via diplomacy," shaked, a member of the far-right, pro-settler jewish home party, said in a statement on sunday.   "we are aware of the lawsuit, but city policy prohibits us from commenting about on-going litigation,” said iacc deputy chief kim wolsiffer.   we are better at running back because when you add talent and you have — when you are at scholarships, the more guys of the that you think can compete, it heightens the practice.   "we are cognizant of the safety concerns for both drug users and those who do not use drugs.   “we are coming into these finals as the underdogs,” she said.   "we are committed to respect this," he said, but the coalition will continue its "intelligence, reconnaissance and surveillance" in case it has to respond.   we are confident that with the collaborative efforts of the judiciary, legal profession and policy makers, the bahamas will become a significant dispute resolution hub within the global arbitral community.   "we are considering various aspects related to additional designations, as well as evolving diplomatic work that is consistent with our national security interests," the official said.   "we are consulting on ending pay to stay practices, and from the end of this month day payment terms will be required in all public sector contracts and down their supply chains."   "we are currently evaluating our options in light of recent developments and, as has always been the case, further decisions will be based on what continues to make business and financial sense for bridgestone," she added.   we are currently growing this ultra-sweet plant in our work garden.   we are currently in the process of going through all of the entries and the winners will be determined in the next few weeks.   "we are dealing with different expectations and mistrust.   "we are definitively underdogs."   we are digging between and feet, and there are some transition lines in that area, so we have to be very careful," continued gordon.   "we are doing our utmost to tackle them, one by one.'   "we are expecting in the next couple of weeks.   "we are extending a lifeline to people who are becoming dependent on the humanitarian system - they can't work, they don't have livelihoods, they don't have education," she added.   "we are extremely frustrated, we are very disappointed," said samira bikarden, president of the association démocratique des femmes du maroc.   "we are falling behind as far as responding to calls for service," knecht said.   “we are getting to the point where zero is not going to be the right rate," powell said, but "from a macroeconomic perspective, the precise timing of liftoff is less important than the path of subsequent additional rate increases."   “we are going to arrange a fundraising game for him in which jamie will pick his own side, ‘the class of ’, against the current team.”   we are going to celebrate our th anniversary in and that gives you a sense of how long we have been doing this.   "we are going to continue with the protests because our aim is to stop the president's third term. we can see that they are determined to stop us but we are not getting scared and we will not stop the protests.   we are going to modify them with thermal imaging cameras," he says.   "we are going to strengthen the amia unit and guarantee the continuity of its team."   "we are grateful to john and all of our servicemen who have given their service," said ron ledbetter, district representative of modern woodmen of america.   "we are highly concerned about this," beijing's commerce ministry spokesman shen danyang said thursday, calling on athens "to protect the legal rights and interests of chinese companies in greece, including cosco".   we are holding prayers so that god reveals to the world who is a true prophet.”   we are honoured to have connected with other indigenous youth leaders profiled in the "it could have been me" article in the summer also from maclean's/nancy macdonald.   "we are hoping to resolve the issue in a week, but i cannot confirm that it will be a week so we are looking at interim measures that will accommodate some of the supplies to relieve the shortage."   we are in dire need.”   we are in school," says another.   we are kings was a musical and it required original music and there was none to be had.   "we are leaving minsk today," he added.   "we are looking at a planning gap right now of $. million," said amanda whitewood.   we are looking now at a very progressive agenda that includes young people,” said dr. johnson.   “we are making a killing through our houses,” mugada told radio vop.   "we are men": the bro-hood of cbs' comedy "we are men" was quickly ushered off tv during the fall season.   we are military so it doesn't matter, we are going to adjust, we are going to adapt and overcome," st sergeant joshua kazaka said.   we are mostly concerned about the backlash there might be against the muslim community.   we are neighbors: the security of the persian gulf is in all our interests.   we are not amused.   we are not animals," said saddam, a sudanese migrant who watched the police operation tuesday and only gave his first name.   "we are not cured of it," obama told maron on his "wtf” podcast.   "we are not forcing it on anyone.   “we are not healing old wounds by creating new ones,” he says.   "we are not planning a clash that would be equally catastrophic for both sides," tsipras said during his first cabinet meeting on wednesday, "but we will not pursue the disastrous policy of submission."   "we are not saying that assad must go or stay," she said.   "we are not scared of (islamic state).   "we are not surprised when we see these products and the way they react to fire," he said.   "we are not talking about little green men," stofan said at the panel.   we aren't the ones who should be deciding what she can and cannot do.   "we are on pace to beat last year's million unit first-weekend record when the new iphones go on sale september ," apple said monday.   "we are open to giving canadians the option to voluntarily contribute more to the canada pension plan to supplement their current retirement savings," he told the house of commons on tuesday.   "we are pleased our pilots will have a chance to vote on a contract that provides an immediate percent pay increase and recognizes their contributions at american," casey norton, an american spokesman, said in a statement sunday.   "we are pleased that the truth has prevailed."   we are praying that you will make the right decision."   we are proud to underline that you can find an talented music precisely in sapphire.   "we are pushing against the limits now," said christoph hillenbrand, president of the upper bavaria region.   "we are ready to pull out all the stops to save the social fabric of new brunswick," said odette robichaud, the vice-president of cupe-nb at a news conference in fredericton on monday.   "we are really proud of them and we wish them all the best in the future and i hope they keep in touch via our allumni website."   we are researchers, consultants and authors inside the o.c. tanner institute, and we write about people who make a difference—what they think about, what they do, and how they achieve extraordinary results.   "we are seeing the signs of a healthy labor market, with the outlook improving compared to .   we are so blessed to have you as an angel.   we are sorry about that," the deputy education minister ramsey fomoyan told the state-run elbc radio station.   "we are still working on preliminary estimates at this time, and our estimates need to be refined."   "we are suing the government not out of a grudge or for personal gain, but because we want justice," he told reporters.   “we are talking about people.   "we are the first population-rich country that embarked on a large-scale depreciation within a currency union," nadal says.   "we are thrilled and grateful for the support of hundreds of thousands of donors across the country, helping us raise a record $ million in the first two quarters," robby mook, clinton's campaign manager, said in a statement.   "we are thrilled to hear the great news about john today," dave dombrowski, red sox president of baseball operations said in a statement.   "we are thrilled to introduce joan to women around the world.   we are told more about jesus's clothing during his execution, when the roman soldiers divide his himatia (in this case the word probably refers to two mantles) into four shares (see john chapter , verse ).   "we are troubled that npc is using the issue of core funding to avoid answering questions posed by the project proponent," taptuna wrote aboriginal affairs minister bernard valcourt.   we are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. - press release newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release.   "we are unique in the extent and depth of our worship of the flag.   we are water, with the oceans flowing in our veins and the same water that nourished the dinosaurs within our cells.   “we are where we are.   "we are willing to enter into a cease-fire and it would be a good test to see if fighters on the ground are willing to accept a cease-fire directive from the taliban leadership," he said.   "we are working late into the night to try and find a proposal and a common ground that would enable the unions to withdraw and to suspend this action."   "we are working on the fire's edges,to halt its spread," he told a press conference.   wearing a dark coloured t-shirt with red writing and beige shorts.   we as a nation must face racism and reject it --decry it boldly and change it in ourselves.   we asked a handful of presidential campaigns to weigh in on the issue of the legality of brothels in the silver state’s more rural counties.   "we asked for and used input from the public, states, ngos and industry, and conducted multiple meetings throughout the united states," explains burke.   we asked four organizations involved in anti-trafficking initiatives to share some of the signs that could indicate that a passenger is being trafficked through an airport.   "we ask that the authorities investigate these senseless and heinous murders as a hate crime.   weathered stone houses line the narrow streets and lanes of the idyllic town, which is surrounded by forests and cow pastures.   weather forecasts for the area had warned of thunderstorms around midday friday.   weather forecasts were calling for rain fall that could approach inches in the area for a game that has been such a hot ticket that clemson coach dabo swinney said he couldn't get jesus a ticket.   weathering shocks overall, vulnerabilities in the u.s. financial system “remained moderate” over the past year, the council said.   "we attacked (the) hotel and killed several of the somali police officers who were meeting there," sheikh abdiasis abu musab, al shabaab's military operation spokesman, told reuters.   we attempt to have balanced investment portfolios yet are up against a wily foe who can increasingly turn rivers into a desert; fruitful land into a salt waste.   weaver declared a state of emergency earlier this month, acknowledging that an april switch to the flint river from detroit's water system as a water source caused high lead levels.   weaver said the lawsuit could lead to a discovery phase, and possible depositions, if it continues, all of which he hopes will unearth problems with the voter system he said the campaign first alerted the dnc about in october.   "we battled and gave ourselves a chance to win at the end.   "we be able to continue to provide children in need the services and programs we offer for another -plus years," she said, adding bys's relationship with the community will continue to be a priority.   "we believe deeply that a strong and effective daily newspaper plays a critical role in keeping our state apprised of the important news and issues we face on a daily basis," the statement said.   "we believe more than ever that the phone will be the primary reading device globally over the next decade," they wrote.   "we believe that.   "we believe that cuba could become one of airbnb's biggest markets in latin america," said kay kuehne, regional director for airbnb, the website and mobile app that allows users to book rooms in more than million private homes around the world.   "we believe that the best solution is the one that parties reach themselves… we strongly encourage both sides to work together and reach an agreement that will ensure the continuation of rail services," she said.   "we believe that they have played an important role in highlighting the ongoing abuses at guantanamo bay and at many other sites around the world, including many instances of torture," the trust said.   "we believe this is a result of the way local authorities have interpreted some court judgements.   we believe we can do it.”   we believe workforce training is one pillar."   we brought men with prostate cancer and their families together with the scientists and doctors working to beat it, to start an open and frank conversation.   webster says buying high-quality cameras is even more of a priority than getting a camera for every officer.   webxprt is designed to see how the browser handles everyday tasks: testing how long it takes to apply effects to photos, to detect faces inside images, to display a stocks and shares dashboard and handle offline notes.   "we call notably on russia to fully assume its responsibility.   'we call ourselves team nathan.'   we call these things "soul food," but they don't nurture our souls--they separate our souls from our bodies by inviting disease and premature death.   we call this resistance.   "we call upon all holy warriors who are besieged in hama to ignite all the fronts and then merge with muslims who are approaching," a statement said.   we came over, i think it was on the ss america with our old blue buick, and our first french meal, or my french meal was in rouen and i never, never turned back after that.   "we came to try to process it," she said with tears in her eyes.   we can all work together to bring better things to the province and, you know, work in tandem with the provincial government."   we can be the greatest country on the face of the earth again.   we can catch up when we leave.   we can change hours,” city manager harry black said.   "we can clearly see the prosecutor's positioning: to open an inquiry that will pose the question of manslaughter and, very clearly, faults or negligence from lufthansa in detecting the state of lubitz's health."   “we can evaluate how countries are being talked about or how someone’s brand is doing.   "we can go to eight (a month) with very little adjustment," said timo zaremba, product quality manager for the u.s. factory.   “we can never say it often or loudly enough: immigrants and refugees revitalize and renew america,” obama said.   we can never underestimate the importance of exploring all means possible to strengthen the future of the jaguars here in jacksonville."   “we cannot control them anymore.   "we cannot expect necessarily, from the one freezing cycle, that you could necessarily have all the insurance, all the eggs that would be available, to give you the fertilization and the pregnancy that you want," he said.   we cannot predict how these factors or the fha's share of new insurance written will change in the future.   we cannot witness our party walking into the history and all of our comrades losing elections without making an effort to fight back.   we can see it any way we want.   we can start to work with the symbols in the dream and understand that they hold energy and messages for us.   "we can't allow this to continue."   "we can tell by the recent surge in contest entries."   "we can't have another copenhagen."   “we can’t have public policy subverted by those who have the capacity to shout the loudest.”   "we can't match $-an-hour labour rates.   “we can’t worry about the other game,” fendley said.   we connect to each other as people through our face, and especially our eyes.   “we consulted with our customers and stakeholders to develop our plans and this timetable balances the competing needs of passengers with the infrastructure constraints.”   we consumers have shifted the model, not the industry who is to blame for this molten mix of disintermediation?   "we continue to take precautionary measures not to let any details of the discussion go to the public," he added on the sidelines of an international atomic energy agency board meeting.   "we cooperate closely because this is in our mutual interest.   "we could be reasonably comfortable that we've got the flexibility but it's making sure that all elements of the supply chain can be ready for it.   we couldn't have had this whole journey without people advising and supporting, and it's incredible to see all the emails we've gotten," houser said.   we couldn't help seeing it as a sort of substitute for hammad.   we couldn't leave him!   we couldn't tell him, exactly.   “we could see large increases in costs of premiums, and because we would see many more people uninsured we would also then see much more uncompensated care that federal and state governments would end up paying for.”   we cruise for most of the game.   wed, aug , - page europe needs many more babies to avert a population disaster across europe, birth rates are tumbling at alarming rates.   "we decided to show our unity, and mario has been more forthcoming since then," a person familiar with the discussion said.   “we definitely feel confident from this competition,” said duhamel, who was first with radford in thursday’s short program.   "we definitely need more than one back to run in the ballgame, so keith will get more opportunities and i wouldn't be surprised to see brendan douglas get more opportunities as well," richt said.   "we deserve the same services as everyone else, but for some reason they put us in a different category."   "we designate the portion of illinois route east from us to the jackson county line as the veterans memorial highway," said illinois state representative terri bryant on tuesday.   we'd get 'breast exams' nightly and early detection would increase."   we did not locate them.   "we did not mri his hair," cracked giants general manager bobby evans.   “we didn’t do much differently against lebron.   "we didn't expect it would work for all patients, or be a miracle drug, but this is a very good first step," said hiroshi kitaguchi, general manager of the business development unit at toyama chemical, which developed avigan.   we didn't feel scared as down there we felt safe."   "we didn’t feel that facilicorp was ready, that that project was planned properly.   we didn't know the half of it in !   "we didn't let a dog go through (the security cordon).   we didn’t mind it too much — to say that khmer hospitality is top-notch would be an understatement.   “we didn’t play well last friday,” said bca coach lance fendley, whose team was defeated - on the road.   “we didn’t see any changes in terms of cash flow patterns or investing patterns and we didn’t see a lot of transactions moving from one asset category to another, at least our investors ignored the news.”   “we didn’t wait until we retired to travel because you never know what the future holds,” she said.   "we didn't want to take too many risks today, as there is no point in damaging the car or the gearbox."   "we did shift some production on the domestic side and as an example, this month we're going to have to pay what's called dead freight because we're going to miss probably three quarters of the volume of that vessel," he said.   wed, jan , - page taiwan to co-host new ‘premier ’ baseball competition in a boost for baseball’s bid for inclusion in the tokyo olympics, taiwan and japan are to co-host a new international baseball tournament this year.   wed, jan , : a.m. viral video: 'the twilight zone' meets the internet age in 'black mirror' a direct hit to our cyber solar plexus, it might be the most important, most difficult-to-watch tv series of our time.   "we'd lost a couple of heartbreakers," mike bryan said, "and we said to each other, 'let's erase that pain.'   “we’d love to get more,” coach pete carroll said.   we'd love to share your photos of calgary and area!   wednesday brought news that the militants killed at least police officers and tribesmen in a town they recently seized in iraq's anbar province -- and that most of the victims were burned to death.   wednesday, he took up the cause again, saying that the bills' front four, which was the key to buffalo recording an nfl-high sacks the last two years combined, simply hasn't been allowed to play the way it had on the way to that success.   wednesday, july , apple keeps apple watch sales details to itself apple no longer discloses sales of ipods, which have been shrinking as more people listen to music on their smartphones instead.   wednesday, the pope will be greeted on the white house lawn by obama and thousands of guests, including mateo williamson, a transgender roman catholic, and vivian taylor, a transgender episcopalian.   wednesday, the wiregrass area united way -- announced some upgrades, including a new website.   we do a caesar salad with the romaine, and the lovely kale, we harvest, make a dressing and marinate."   we do expect someone with hardy's track record to at least sound like he's sorry.   "we do have a project looking at this," cassidy said.   "we do it in the most responsible way, matching programs and students and staff effectively."   "we do let you buy more lunch boxes if you want more random loot, but the whole goal of this game was to do something we'd really want to play on our phones, something that would make us smile and with more depth than what we were seeing."   we do not store specific user data and the sharing of it is not required to login with facebook.   "we do not want to be combative or to be anyone's enemy," said union gospel mission executive director rick phillips.   “we don’t call it ‘maui wowie,’” said chief executive marc wayne.   "we don't comment on his tweets," a st century fox spokeswoman said.   we don’t expect our teachers to work more hours without being paid more.   we don't expect the full rollout until about february of next year," he said.   “we don’t feel a connection so we’re always looking for a connection.”   "we don't have a culture of preparedness," said metropolitan manila gov. francis tolentino, adding work needed to be done to reduce a potential death toll estimate of ,.   “we don’t have a quarterback on our scout team that can simulate what he can do.   "we don't have new information on what may have been the man's motive," he added.   we don't know that yet.   "we don't know what role the dog played."   we don't know which bus route these folk take, but we'd like to avoid it if possible.   we don't know why such large scale weather patterns keep repeating themselves.   we don't look at what other campaigns are doing," pete d'alessandro, sanders' iowa state director, said after the senator's trip through the state last weekend.   we don't need an apprentice in the white house, we have one right now."   we don't need more bombs and more spies.   "we don't need to reduce our politics to a puerile level."   we don't want terrorist, islamist powers to fight their religious war on our streets.   "we don't want to diagnose, just collect and share the data as they wish," adds baker.   "we do ourselves a great disservice when we jump all over people for failing to phrase a question in the best possible way," heriot added.   "we do pay attention all the time, but this is the first time it looked like there could be a very substantial hit to our community, so that's why i was so active on the social media, making sure people heard it," he said.   we do try to use as much local and organic as possible, so that doesn't come cheap," said slattery.   we'd pull up with nine eighteen-wheeler trucks, full of gear, where the standard was three trucks, max.   we’d rather keep our menu costs as an accurate refection of our ingredient prices so that customers know that if we have to raise them it’s because we can’t avoid passing on our increased costs.   wed, sep , - page revised data show japan contracted by .% in q workers operate machinery in a container area at a port in tokyo yesterday.   we ducked with the other diners," she told cnn.   weed-tossing car chase what can the apple watch do that your timex can't?   weeknights at p.m. et on cbc news network stephen harper's approval ratings are up, but is it enough?   weeknights at p.m. et on cbc news network u.s. elections joe biden's big decision: make a rd attempt for president?   weeks played nd and pitched a little, while sims pinch ran.   we employ , people in los angeles county through our corporate headquarters and many local venues, which include the house of blues, the wiltern theater and the palladium.   "we even had one area — the cracks in the granite — there was a tree growing out of last year, the crack was so big."   we expected the encounters to be neat, exciting, cool.   "we expect there are a number of, particularly smaller municipalities, that are in the same situation as we are," tomporowski said.   "we experienced wonderful, fiery red colors of the fall," he said.   "we expressed our sadness and expressed our condolences for the russian pilot who lost his life," cavusoglu said after meeting lavrov in the serbian capital.   "we failed in our assessment that post-withdrawal gaza would become the hong kong of the middle east," he said.   we fear that we will never experience such fulfilment again.   "we feel like we're playing pretty well," donaldson said.   we feel like we're probably better than them, and having that chance to beat those teams in pool play and classification play, we think we can probably beat our record of th."   “we feel that the big focus that policymakers are making on these things is a real distraction from real issues.”   we felt like a lot of things were just blown way out of proportion.   we felt we gave it away a little bit, but a lot of respect to those guys," duncan said of the wizards.   "we find that requests from guests with distinctively african-american names are roughly percent less likely to be accepted than identical guests with distinctively white names," the authors said.   "we fire tows and we get tows in return," he said.   "we follow the political situation day to day," asady said on monday, speaking eloquent english developed over years in the country.   we forecast that it is more possible that the nation would be influenced by the weather system in the dry zone,” he said, adding that temperatures are also likely to be warmer.   "we fought a righteous battle to the end," tsipras said as he left the talks, adding that despite the tough measures contained in the deal, the "great majority of greek people will support this effort."   we fought hard the entire game.   we fought very hard this year, on many different levels and in many different arenas.   "we found that in our riding of fundy royal that the conservatives and the ndp are pretty much in a dead heat at per cent."   "we found the pellet right there.   “we generally rely on the public to alert us of insecure buildings.”   we get to see applegate do not such a great job of portraying the multi-oscar-winner in some of her iconic films—from the devil wears prada to mama mia! and julia and julia (while drunk).   wegmans, a rochester, n.y., grocer whose fans write love letters to its stores, claimed first place, followed by amazon, samsung, costco, and johnson & johnson.   "we go forward with love and friendship for one another and a commitment to co-parenting our children whose privacy we ask to be respected during this difficult time.   we got , pages, half of which were press clippings, including articles about richard gere," he said.   we got a phone call that they were getting out of school," she said.   we go to them all.   we got the footage and data a few weeks later!"   "we had a mix of reactions.   “we had a show (cheerleader!) that was set to start performances tonight, actually," he said.   "we had a staycation."   "we had conservators all around it to make sure that in the transfer nothing threatened the document.   "we had doubts."   “we had expected her release because we believed the evidence was invalid and could not be used,'' zhou said.   we had flown to sicily from rome following news that as many as migrants had been lost at sea.   we had no idea what to expect."   "we had really narrow sidewalks, so they really weren't facilitated for that," said sunnyside public works director shane fisher.   we had seen the movie before but obviously it's a really different experience seeing it with a huge group of people who have no idea what they're about to see.   "we had such a good group of guys driving, an awesome team," mcmurray said.   we had to close off our patios for most of the days,” robert davis, rock city assistant manger, said.   "we have seats in the region and i strongly believe we are going to take home all seats."   we have $ billion in credit in the pipeline at the ex-im bank.   "we have different fire districts throughout jefferson county on the scene."   "we have a better understanding now of what's possible and what's not possible," cookson said.   we have a bowl game."   we have a bubble economy.   “we have a contingency plan to deal with those individuals if they try to cause trouble here,” swanton said at a news conference.   we have a crew at the scene and will update you as soon as we get more information.   we have allowed him to build into the week, so that by the end of the week, after seven days, he can be ready to go."   we have allowed it to fester for far too long, and it is ripping our nation apart.   "we have a long-time relationship with bosch and are thrilled to welcome them back as a sponsor of the track," said connie nyholm, ceo and owner of vir.   “we have also retained two of the nation’s best food-safety scientists to work with us to assess practices and find additional areas for improvement,” chipotle spokesman chris arnold said.   "we have a record of the real identification and traffic of the luminati users, such that if a crime is committed, we can report this to the authorities, and thus the criminal is immediately identified," he wrote.   "we have a tremendous amount of work still to do to help the patients who don't have a medicine today to treat the cause of their disease," barber said.   we have a very real problem with the way our transportation dollars are spent.   "we have a very strong talent pool, a very strong skills base here in northern ireland in terms of the costs for accommodation and for people working in northern ireland - it's lower than the republic of ireland."   we have been able to intervene on their behalf to help other agencies understand that it is the t.b.i. that is causing some of these behaviors and symptoms.”   “we have been factoring the likelihood of some kind of carbon tax into our business planning since .   “we have committed significant resources to preserve and conserve the reef,” foreign affairs minister julie bishop said.   we have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift."   "we have defended british industries including the financial services industry that accounts for almost a tenth of the uk economy, sustains two million jobs and provides around one in every eight pounds the exchequer raises in tax."   we have demonstrated the rcmp asked us not to release information before they had finished their work on that part of the file..   "we have determined that the confederate flag violates our ads policies, which don't allow content that's generally perceived as expressing hate toward a particular group," a google representative said in an emailed statement sent to reuters.   "we have enough in reserves and we have enough production to do so.   we have had a chance to "follow" the money after the first distribution and have found that more than half is going for food, and that helps to stimulate the local economy and improve overall household nutritional status.   we have had generations of argument in this country between those who give priority to the text and original understandings of the constitution, and those who view the constitution as a living instrument meant to evolve with the times.   "we have high hopes that immunotherapy will change the way we treat head and neck cancer," he added.   "we have ice skating, tubing, snowshoeing, shopping.   we have long looked at neanderthals as a species that became extinct because it could not cope with the invasion of a species that was allegedly culturally and biologically superior.   "we have lost that idea and it's interesting that we have lost it."   "we have made benefit tourism a thing of the past," they added.   "we have made great progresses in the last few months and our blu-ray player has achieved a big breakthrough of its decoder being upgraded.   "we have made it very clear to kurt busch our expectations for him moving forward, which includes participation in a treatment program and full compliance with all judicial requirements as a result of his off-track behavior," o'donnell said.   we have many international companies and organizations here and i feel we have to strengthen that."   "we have mobilized public services as well as tourism professionals, hotels, restaurants, shops and designer brands," christian mantel, head of the french tourism development agency told afp.   "we have momentum," said hugh johnston, pepsi's chief financial officer.   "we have never dealt with a crime of such proportions," said vekaric, serbia's deputy war crimes prosecutor.   we have no right to do that," blanc said on french television, adding that "conceding four goals is inexplicable."   "we have not confirmed his citizenship," elfo said.   "we have notified the families of the two cyclists," leclair said.   we have not linked the video here in compliance with siggraph's wishes.   we have now turned our attention to the next steps, which include the finalisation of the management contract with powersecure.   we haven't even stopped our own police from killing black people.   "we haven't heard anything from the kba about mercedes.   "we haven't heard anything," she said.   "we haven't understood."   "we have parameters for where we are, you always set thresholds for players.   "we have planted trees which will protect the embankments and help us during floods, and we started planting kitchen gardens near our homes where we can grow our own vegetables," said bakhto bibi, secretary of the community organisation.   "we have problems in this country with regard to race and racial inequality and we believe we're better than this and we believe the country is better than this," schultz said.   "we have received a full file of evidence for consideration of corporate liability charges relating to the operation weeting phone hacking investigation," cps said.   we have resigned from various seti-related international committees in protest over those who have rushed to beam 'yoo-hoo' shouts out into the cosmos without ever exposing their concepts to collegial or peer review.   "we have set a deadline for progress at the oslo summit on global education in july."   "we have some other items as well, such as moving out of the legislature and some provincial paving and some other structural issues around the province," he said.   we have something special to do here.”   "we have stated again and again that russia is present with military personnel in eastern ukraine and that is based on our own intelligence sources," stoltenberg said as he met ukrainian president petro poroshenko at nato headquarters in brussels.   "we have the necessary package of documents for the extradition of ex-president viktor yanukovych, former prime minister mykola azarov and other officials of yanukovych’s regime,” yarema said.   “we have the potential to bring in business to our city,” he said.   “we have three main goals this year: improve the consumer experience, retain our current customers, and increase new enrollment," burwell said tuesday.   “we have to be able to talk to officers about things we need, but we also need them for disciplining and policing.   we have to beat isis in the battle of ideas.   "we have to be careful not to go on just behaviour alone.   "we have to find a method, perhaps as we did in in the conference that took place then, to get specific commitments from every state in regard to taking refugees," he added.   "we have to find solutions to make sure this doesn't happen again," she said.   we have to lead."   we have to leave everything behind as it is and are only allowed to take a prayer mat and prayer beads.   we have to recall lots of cars and it has to happen really fast," he said.   “we have to recover the presence of a pope in this preponderant area of humanity,” vatican spokesman father federico lombardi said.   "we have to sit down and negotiate the debt to restructure it," he said.   "we have to sit down and restore confidence in our police forces, because that's what we need in our society," he said.   we have to teach them to think critically.   "we have to try to save people at sea..   we have to win in mosul to keep (isis) out."   “we have to win the presidency, and the way you win the presidency is to have practical plans.”   we have two really tough home games coming up.   "we have very strong tenants rights, you can't be kicked out of your flat and rents can't increase," she said.   we hear brief exchanges with his colleagues, as a missile is launched: “time of flight.”   "we heard from doctors across the country that they needed better tools to see where their leads are coming from and spend more on the marketing investments that really work."   we hold events that create a buzz around the day, like the peace one day youth celebration in kigali, rwanda that i wrote about in my last post.   "we hope that baghdad honors that agreement," barzani said.   we hope this will spur other companies to join in and do the same."   we hope to build a lasting and mutually beneficial relationship, which promotes growth opportunities and goodwill between both our economies,” newbold concluded.   we hope women will carry this purse to show their support, and that domestic violence victims will be inspired to reclaim their independence.”   we hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access.   "we identified that from a freight perspective, there's a bit of a gap," he said.   weigandt said the bus is -feet long and can hold up to children for art classes.   weighed down by her reluctance to participate in her friends' lively discussions about their love lives, riina had been missing classes.   weighing nearly kilograms, o'brien is built like a tank and pretty much plays like one: his rampaging style is testimony to that.   weight cycling, with both increases and decreases in body weight, was also observed in more than a third of participants.   weight loss success stories read delores's story here.   weiland and the band enjoyed a smash out of the gate with core, a late release which featured radio hits creep and plush.   “we implore the governor to get back to the negotiating table toward consensual solutions, which are achievable,” tavakoli added.   weinstein knows the oscar game better than anyone, bringing home "the king's speech" over "the social network" in and "the artist" over "the descendants" the following year.   “we intend to support the renminbi’s inclusion in the special drawing rights basket provided the currency meets the international monetary fund’s existing criteria,” the treasury department said, using another name for the yuan.   "we in the cardiology community have to do a better job of preventing cardiac disease rather than jumping in" after damage has occurred.   weintraub spent more than two decades promoting concerts and some of the top musical acts in the world: frank sinatra, bob dylan, dolly parton, the beach boys, the pointer sisters and john denver among them.   weird al attended the opening for about hour, moreash said.   weird christmas gifts weird christmas gifts grandma got run over by a reindeer?   weise says opponents should think twice before crashing into price.   weiss said he's skeptical the united states would risk lives to capture the head of isis' oil operations.   weitz continues his testimony wednesday.   we just celebrated her th birthday.   we just couldn’t get it done against wade davis, who stepped up like he’s done last few years," said gibbons.   "we just kissed on camera, and i liked it."   "we just see it as being an easy way of doing our jobs and to avoid any unfortunate circumstances befalling those in our custody by just dealing with them as human beings and treating them as they wish to be treated."   "we just stood there and we were just in shock that the house next door to us was just in flames," said jackson.   we just talk about who has to certify it.'   "we just want her home," patricia said.   "we just want to spark some love between tourists and locals so it would be a good thing if a yellow luggage rack would symbolize that state of mind everywhere in the world."   we keep working to reach out our objectives!   "we kind of did it as a joke, i guess.   "we knew it was a key match for qualification and we went out onto the pitch determined and focused," el shaarawy said.   we knew kelso could have a tough time tonight.   we knew we could come back and win and we never stopped believing we were going to win.   we know beforehand that we had a very slim chance of making it to the second round so we felt no pressure," said palestinian coach ahmad alhasan.   "we know exactly what they're eating," cooper says, "so we have better data in terms of how food actually impacts the body."   we know from afghanistan and we know from iraq that that's the hard part," carter said.   "we know in reality that these power plants are going to have to clean up even more to meet modern standards," o'donnell added, referring to new epa rules on soot and smog expected in the next few months.   "we know our fans like to have fun at our concerts—and what's more fun than going commando?   we know that countering violent extremist groups with military and intelligence tools is necessary but not enough.   we know that in , around the time this story relates to, nine uk athletes missed two tests.   “we know that technology will continue to revolutionize retail, and that target’s future will be built on innovation,” casey carl, target’s chief strategy and innovation officer, tells fortune.   we know the community has been craving this feature, but we wanted to be thoughtful about our approach to ensure a seamless experience across all of our platforms."   we know the left love him; what we don't know is whether he has any idea how to win enough votes to return labour to power in .   we know there will be some education time, but we'll be able to work this through," said assistant wsdot secretary craig stone.   "we know this has been frustrating for many, especially the families and the residents of bathurst," said wilson.   we know this in our legal system.   we know those who experienced chronic stress, they tend to show lower levels of the stress hormone cortisol, which helps our body return to normal after trauma.   we know what to do, and we know where the greatest effort is needed.   "we know who in turkey are filling their pockets and allow terrorists to earn money by selling oil stolen from syria," he said.   we know you’re just giving this a try.   we laugh at funerals.   welcker opens a sliding door to demonstrate their inner workings: rotating bogies, mechanical gripper arms and a tangle of multicolored cables.   welcome change for producers the surge in beef prices may help the industry grow in size.   welcome to the elusive, magical world of "lightbombing."   we learned at ces how messy the k content delivery scene currently looks, however, so consider yourself warned.   "we like to think she would be the greatest companion for like a trucker," said estrada.   "we like what we get for the money but we're not going to save any money," wiesenthal says.   we lived together.   “we live in an america where a growing share of older generations recognize that love is love, and younger generations don't even know what all the fuss was about.   we live nearby, had already attended a men's game and were excited for our girls, one of whom plays basketball, to watch college women in action.   well, actually i was a lot appalled."   well after traveling to belfast to watch his last performance against avalos i thought that we could make the fight.   “we’ll be here to help make sure the transition is successful for our residents,” jones said.   we'll celebrate valentine's day on sunday as a couple," said brown, a -year-old public relations intern in silver spring, maryland.   we'll cross that bridge when we get there.   well, disconcertingly enough, the swarm hasn't stopped.   we'll do it in a way that’s convenient and as quick as possible," he said.   we'll do the best to hold them in our arms, to be with them in this time of terrible grief and terrible tragedy."   wellesley teacher keeps students interested in music magen slesinger has been teaching music to wellesley students for years.   well, everyone after pints of scottish ale.   we’ll give you a congratulatory certificate and a list of full marathons to sign up for.   "we'll grant amnesty this time to million in exchange for some day maybe securing the border in the future."   we'll have cloudy skies all day and a flash flood watch is in effect this afternoon into early thursday morning for the counties on our southern border.   we'll have to watch whether president barack obama still agrees to host him.   we'll hold them accountable and hopefully we can get through this phase this year and we'll see what's in store in the following years."   "well, if they can't say it will be a human life, what does it become, then?   "well if you look at the different situations, of course you could name many of them, i could get you a list and i'll have it sent to your office in two seconds.   well i'm not sure about you, but i cannot ever foresee sentient creatures with their own unique personalities and beating hearts ever being replaced by cold robotic paws and silent chests.   we’ll know it’s really out of control if ragnar, the vikings’ mascot currently sidelined due to a contract dispute, ever becomes a . bob condotta: -- or bcondotta@seattletimes.com. on twitter @bcondotta.   well last year was a good year for wheat with seagle seeing a percent yield on his crop.   well, let's work to remove that person from a busy area and get them somewhere calm and quiet," she said.   well, netanyahu won't be lecturing congress on any old topic.   well, okay, but there was also this incident against the habs: it's not only the forwards and defencemen guilty of "selling" a call.   "we'll probably go towards some sort of memorial for the , south carolinans that died in the american civil war," says roberson.   we'll see how it does in a couple months.   ' “we'll see,'' she added.   we’ll send you a reminder.   "we'll set up there in the branches of the baobab," says franchois.   wells fargo could not immediately be reached for comment.   wells fargo (wfc) also released its latest earnings on wednesday.   "we'll stay as long as necessary.   well, that was then.   well, that was wrong years ago, and it is still wrong.   "well, the bats are brown.   well, the election is here.   well they came up to me they asked me, um, basically oh what hours do you work, i said i wouldn’t call this working, because it’s not a job.   well, they can have their anger and they can have their fear, but anger and fear never built america.   well, they're leaving us behind."   we'll update if we hear back.   wellwood said evan can only communicate by nodding his head and giving a thumbs up.   well, you can judge for yourself below, but it’s safe to say the results were mixed.   "well, you know, sometimes circumstances are not the best for you to continue a political satire show," youssef told cnn's christiane amanpour in an interview that aired monday.   "well you're wrong," the man said.   well you would, wouldn't you?   we look at how the influx of apple devices is changing the tech landscape in business.   we look at that painting today and it looks energetic, modern and lively.   "we looked at it and thought, aw, we need to do something about that," said irish rovers frontman george millar.   “we looked it up on the map, and it’s not too far from where we are, so why not?   we lose to everybody."   we lost contact and now the workers might be taken hostage,” an engineer from the north oil co told reporters, using a derogatory acronym for the islamic state.   we loved it and wanted to watch it, but it wasn't for us.   "we made crystal clear that, at a minimum, the priority here should be the safe operation of the air crews over syria," pentagon spokesman peter cook said.   "we made shots," said cleveland coach david blatt.   "we made this move as a precautionary measure."   we make progress, but there seems to be the same segment of the population who don’t accept it,” dagg said.   we may all be right..   we may be able to print organs.'   we may not sell million t-shirts, but we can say we're to create one thing and make it all here and be part of the process," schnakenberg said.   we meet the head of move loot, thredup and shift, second hand companies that make buying goods just a click away.   we might have a few regrets, but building our own dream instead of being hired to build someone else's dream definitely won't be one of them.   we might have union open.   we misleadingly use the word “copycat” to describe contagious behavior—implying that new participants in an epidemic act in a manner identical to the source of their infection.   "we mourn your loss," read a tweet from the los angeles county sheriff's department.   we must address this, and quickly."   "we must all come together to end this scourge."   we must come together once again to ensure that every american has the fundamental right to vote regardless of which community they live in.”   we must do much better."   "we must draw on the consequences of the situation in syria.   we must find together appropriate responses."   we must get the irs out of our lives," carson said in a statement provided by his campaign.   "we must make sure that when police take the ultimate decision to protect the safety of the public they do so with the full support of the law and the state — there can be no room for hesitation when lives are at risk," the source told the newspaper.   "we must not allow ourselves to be provoked," says demirtas.   we must realize, ladies and gentlemen, that the best investment a government can make, is investment in its own people thereby helping to facilitate the sustained development and heightened human development measures for its citizenry.   "we must resolve now to live as nobly and as justly as possible as we educate new generations not to turn their back on our neighbors and everything around us," he said.   "we must resolve to find a vocabulary for these conversations that allows us to seek answers without intemperance, rancor, or unnecessary divisiveness."   "we must use this moment to recommit ourselves to do all we can to finish this work.   wendt also warned about relying on imitation revolvers that fire blanks, explaining that these weapons looked real and might lead to massive misunderstandings for police and security authorities involved in such incidents.   "we need a catalyst, and look to the week of the employment report to be that catalyst, but that is still two weeks away," john briggs, head of american fixed income strategy at rbs, wrote in a note to investors.   "we need a child advocate.   "we need a clear apology and measures to prevent a recurrence of these provocations and tense situations," park told a meeting with her top aides, according to a statement released by her office.   we need a drunk deadpool puking over the side of building on new year's eve, fireworks going off in the distance.   we need an ambulance."   "we need a war on poverty revived.   we needed a citizen movement,” said kamal bagdi, a businessman and a member of prayas.   "we needed government authorities to take action more than a year ago -- when the tapes were first uncovered -- and when there was the best chance of finding other hidden evidence.   "we needed to give the proponents a little bit of latitude to ensure that everyone's money is spent the best way and we're getting the best value."   we need experts to help us develop skills.   "we need fast assistance of the european union," slovenian president borut pahor told a news conference in brussels after meeting european council president donald tusk and eu chief executive jean-claude juncker.   "we need flexibility but we also have to be careful and deliberate.   we need to achieve an inclusive and sustainable growth as well as build a competitive, progressive and a morally strong nation, with a society that is united," he said in a speech to lawmakers.   we need to and can certainly do so much better.   "we need to celebrate improvement and the joy of learning, not sanction based on high-stakes standardized tests.   "we need to do it just one more time to break the aids epidemic and keep it from rebounding."   "we need to figure it out and we need to do it fast because we're running out of games," pelfrey said.   we need to give people hope and something worth voting.   "we need to go much faster, much further if we are to limit the global temperature rise to below degrees celsius."   "we need to have a coherent response to this situation, and in my opinion, only europe as a whole, based on solidarity, can give that response."   "we need to have a strategy," mccain said.   we need to have more empathy for those who don’t have so much.”   "we need to kind of rethink who arab-americans are, really.   we need to learn from them to maintain our own identity.'   we need to make all that as easy as possible.   "we need to make sure our diets are in alignment with our natural resources and the need to reduce climate change," said kari hamerschlag of the advocacy group friends of the earth.   "we need to resolve our own problems," nicolas says.   "we need to take this out of the shadows because people are suffering."   we need to tell america what’s right with this country," he said.   "we need tougher stadium bans at european level and, i will say it again, the creation of a european sports police force," platini said.   "we never got there."   "we never had the concept that the player would have more than one controller in their hands.   "we never met, the children were dead," said gaston, who left the courthouse without comment.   wenger enjoyed every second of the post-match wembley celebrations - and deservedly so on a day when he got his tactics and team selection bang on to set up his team for one of the most emphatic fa cup final victories of the modern era.   wenig's tenure as marketplaces chief has also seen its bright spots.   we not only improved the infrastructure of the location, but have also increased the wealth of people who booked apartments in our complex.   "we now know at this time that we did not have all the facts," sullivan said.   we only need to commit to taking the small steps that are ours to take.   we ought to be playing better.   we owe it to ourselves and to the world to conclude the process in an orderly and respectful manner," he said.   we perform intelligent, data-driven contact management to optimize your customer's journey.   "we pioneered the concept, then other people opened many other stores," says peixoto.   “we played west hall a tough game but ultimately our turnovers and missed free throws kept us from getting the win,” coach julie mccutcheon said.   we prefer death now over the fate of what is happening to these girls and women," dakhil says.   we provide a wide range of different painting and cleaning services, and no matter how small or large the job you need done is, you can always rely on our professional painting contractors for excellent work.   we provide care, no matter what.   "we put our kids on the bus to school, but the driver gets a danger premium.   we put up three then there's goose eggs for the next six.   "we realized the language was not to the liking of ohio voters," ian james, executive director of responsible ohio, which backed the failed issue ballot.   “we're all feeling pretty good about this,” she continued.   we’re all top in the world, but with no wind, this golf course is a little bit easier to make birdies.”   we're all very different, but we're all very connected now," lerhe said.   we really do, but i think what you’re saying is correct.”   "we really wanted to see how people reacted to storytelling," he says.   "we really want to do the right thing," spar says.   we're also big fans of their grilled cheese and tomato soup, and their roasted beet salad with burrata.   "we're also getting to be more and more cosmopolitan because of the ten million members of our population who live outside the country.   we're also in a partnership with ideaplex in dc, a revolutionary media/education institution that is going to change the game.   “we’re always looking for a guy that can manage the offense, really,” carroll said back then.   "we're always told how movies boomed in the depression of the s, as a diversion from the grim realities of everyday life.   “we’re an organization that gets money from the city for the social services we provide.   "we're appalled that this trend of disrespectful behavior would make its way to our city, let alone anywhere near our stadium," mlse said in a statement.   "we're a very confident team when we go into an opposing team's building and we wind up playing the right way," price said.   "we're basically taking a lot of internet information and making it available either to the customers or to the businesses themselves to make business intelligent decisions, and help them sell things or make them better or cheaper."   we’re between a rock and a hard place.”   "we're building a case for why (a permanent law) is a necessity."   we recognise passengers' concerns about the cost of rail fares.   we recognise the power of these customer conversations, and these insights are shaping our view of the future of myer," he said.   "we recognize that racism, bullying and other issues impact our entire school community," the statement read.   "we're concerned because of the obvious parallels," said defense attorney kristen nelson.   "we're concerned that most hunters, including children with their families, don't wear any ear protection at all," dr. kallman says.   "we're confident that in the coming days and weeks working with the french we will be able intensify our strikes against isil (islamic state) in both syria and iraq to make clear that there is no safe haven for these terrorists."   "we're disappointed with the result but all the boys heads are up and we're focused on the next game and it's still early days and anything can happen."   "we’re doing a lot of good things, but there are still a lot of patients that suffer harm.   we're doing our best to fix it.   "we're feeling more comfortable, we're not feeling good yet, but more comfortable,” he said.   “we’re going to have to be almost perfect,” manager joe girardi said.   "we're going to save a lot of babies' lives."   we’re grateful when others took an imaginative leap and put themselves in our mind, even with no benefit to themselves.”   “we’re holding ourselves accountable to these measurable goals, as should you,” twitter executive janet van huysse wrote in a blogpost.   "we're hopeful," hawks head coach mike budenholzer told reporters about the prospect of carroll returning for game two in atlanta on friday.   "we're in a bear market by my work."   we're in a knowledge-based economy and there hasn't been anywhere near as much interest in post-secondary education as gordon campbell had.   "we're in a run of home games but i won't even think about tuesday until after whitehawk is out of the way."   "we're in a situation where the patient relationship with the pharmacist has been undermined."   "we're incurring debt to pay debt," state sen. laura kelly, a topeka democrat who opposed the bill, said after thursday's vote.   were it not for the speeches being made in arabic, i could be in any small town in america.   “we’re just happy we were able to help,” campbell said.   "we're looking at whether their vehicle handling is where it should be in terms of braking, steering, accelerating and visual skills," robie said.   "we remain confident that these steps will restore a long-term, sustainable, profit model and reshape the business for a health and growing jos.   "we remain hopeful that all groups will commit to these reasonable protocols designed to improve student safety," he told nbc news in an email.   we’re making progress regionally.   "we're moving right along as we have intended to," he said at a wednesday press conference.   “we’re not convinced that the accused has made out a good case and that his application to the constitutional court will be successful, but we acknowledge that he has the right to bring such an application,” said nel.   we're not friends, but it's not like we're enemies."   we're not going to keep banging our head against the wall.   'we're not going to make the judgement on whether they are intoxicated or not,' said dusty sauder, the salvation army's executive director of the n.w.t. resource centre in yellowknife.   "we're not sure why he did tell us that lie," brown said.   we're not there yet, even with these important releases.   "we're not worried about the benefits.   we're on a dangerous ground in that sense," cronin says.   we're on board for any dish that includes its own chips, as with the fluke ceviche ($) flavored with lime, red onion and cilantro and topped with plantain chips.   we're one of the greenest shoots of growth in the industry.   we're optimistic, and we have to be," says steve lucas, equityeats vp of strategy and communications.   “we repeatedly emailed councillors and knocked on their doors and we had replies from most people.   we're playing fictitious characters who are articulating some of the attitudes and misconceptions that already exist."   we’re playing in our own backyard and they’ve got to get used to our conditions.   "we're pretty confident that some places are going to have inches.   we're putting our credibility, time and money behind this bet because we think there has never been a better time to accelerate progress and have a big impact around the world.   we’re ready to start.”   we're really curious to see how the songs transfer from the album to the stage.   “we’re replacing blackberry, we don’t care that blackberry’s ceo is throwing nasty things about us onto twitter,” he said.   we're reprising our past suggestions for delicious and auspicious things to eat during the holiday (in china, the holiday lasts seven days!).   “we’re right up near the all-time highs in the s&p, and sometimes you take a breather before you break through those levels,” said matt maley, an equity strategist at miller tabak & co. in newton, massachusetts.   "we're seeing a strengthening in the dollar under way.   we're seeing continued blame, and we're seeing continued failures," said house minority leader tom burroughs, a kansas city democrat.   “we’re seeing, literally before our eyes, a change in this country,” says de blasio.   we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable.   we reserve the right to close comments at any time.   we reserve the right to screen, refuse to post, remove or edit user-generated content at any time and for any or no reason in our absolute and sole discretion without prior notice, although we have no duty to do so or to monitor any public forum.   "we're sharing with you the grief that israel feels today," he added.   we're so blessed to have you!   "we're starting to be more efficient."   "we're still breaking federal law," he added.   we're still working hard on the set, but don't worry; we'll keep making these tiny tds until we're ready to spin back up with new co-host jeff cannata.   we're super-connected, yet somehow disconnected at the same time.   we're talking droughts that will likely last for , , even years, according to ben cook, a climate scientist for nasa.   "we're the fastest adopter of technology among all the (canadian) banks," dodig said.   "we're there at key phases of development and we have an understanding of how we can support and empower kids.   we're there for information or support only," eubanks said.   "we're there with long-handled dip nets.   “we’re the ultimate reality tv.”   were this to change and more young japanese were to spend time in european countries, they would return with language skills and be able to assist with the internationalization of japan," says brown.   we’re told by an impeccable source that cruise is not marrying thomas and that the entire story is “not true.”   "we're very happy that the governor reached this decision, but not at all surprised," rose said.   we reviewed the gini coefficient from — which is based on pre-tax income — as well as additional economic data from the census bureau’s american community survey.   were you aware that microsoft added a lock screen version of the camera app in windows .?   we rush into an activity with absolute certainly that we know how to do it.   we sat down with the wu-tang clan founder to talk about a better tomorrow, the rumored $ million fans pooled together to..   we sat in the back of an i that could park itself a hundred times a day without incident in an unlit garage with the very smallest spaces imaginable.   we save lives by moving these patients and providing a high level of care en route.   "we saw the same things as happened in rwanda," majok yieng, a -year-old youth coordinator in the camp, told the worldpost.   we scoop them up."   "we see each other when it's appropriate for the children…there's definitely not a feud."   we see it all the time in the winter," he said.   we seek to get them paid the overtime premiums to which they are entitled by law."   we sell into some chemical but tend to focus more heavily on discreet parts.   we send our planes.   "we serve all communities and we do not tolerate any policy or practice that discriminates against any group," she said.   “we share a very strong, faith-based, pro-life conviction, and our older children shared that conviction with us at the time we adopted our four children,” larry said.   "we should be giving out tea and extra blankets.   we should demand better results out of the tsa, but we should also recognize that the actual risk doesn't justify their $ billion budget.   we should do more as a campus to encourage students and faculty to take advantage of the health resources around us.   we should not always wait for the international community.   "we shouldn't have to wait until the situation is dire, out of control, and large numbers of people are dying, which is effectively what happened with the ebola outbreak," he said.   "we shouldn't wear high heels anyway, that's my point of view.   we should stop arguing and start solving this crisis.   we showcase people and projects worldwide whose innovative ideas help combat global warming.   we skateboard at lunch.   "we spent quite a bit of time talking to legislators and municipalities about the pipeline … and trying to set the record straight," he said.   "we stand against any form of demonization and ostracism," said gauck.   we stand ready to meet again to continue… discussions as soon as possible," cook told reporters accompanying carter.   we "started seeing some of the oversold sectors carry a bid, first biotech, then energy."   “we started writing these songs,” notes violinist gabe witcher, “and had enough time to discover what they really are.   “we start talking about winter classic since we started the season, and this is it,” ovechkin said.   we stayed up until or in the morning in the throes of philosophical curiosity and discussion.   "we stay united with france in the effort against terror," added danish economy minister morten ostergaard.   "(westbrook) drove down and banged in a and tied the game while we were celebrating.   western countries have called for his departure, but russia and china say he should not be required to leave power as a precondition for peace talks.   western politicians have hurried to visit tehran to reinvigorate business and diplomatic ties since the nuclear agreement.   western tasmania, australia when the heart aches for complete remoteness and pristine wilderness, western tasmania satisfies that desire.   western union said it had not seen a significant increase in customers moving money out of greece in the two months to june but had seen a rise in funds being moved into the country.   west ham was the biggest mover on tuesday, bringing in four players including midfielders alex song and victor moses on loan and croatia striker nikica jelavic from hull.   "we still don't have all these details about why and how it all started, but what i do know is the three women were injured with a sharp object.   "we still had several sick reports from our air traffic controllers for the night shift last night (friday) and the morning shift today (saturday).   we still have a long way to go, but hopefully soon more people will realise that having a stoma is not just life-changing, it is live-saving.   "we still have an issue of access.   we still made it work without taxpayer dollars," raitt, a former minister in the harper government, said.   "we still see europe as a very attractive growth market.   we still would have gotten the same media attention, sold the same number of jerseys and tickets, but would have a much better chance of winning with tebow than manziel.   “we struggled early in the season with our assignments, but we stressed being perfect and going over lays until we get them perfect.   "we swung the bats today as good as we can swing 'em.   we take the maybach out onto a country lane near the manor and find that this enormous car doesn't feel or act half as heavy as it looks, owing to its monstrous and beautiful v- engine.   "we talked about it in brazil that we were going to win the copa america," sanchez added, referring to the world cup where they made it to the round of before losing to brazil on penalties.   "we talked about what it was to feel really happy -- what it felt like just before you fell asleep."   we talked every day and he treated me with respect and was nice to me.   "we tell our employees that if you have clients who are married couples and you're primarily talking to the husband, you have to change that," he said.   "we tend to assume that males are the naturalized victims of violence and we really only pay attention or have our empathy aroused if it's victims from a traditionally vulnerable group, such as women or children," he says.   "we thank him for his efforts to help us pass a bill to advance it."   we thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.   "we think it is a long-simmering domestic dispute that had been going on between anthony giaquinta and kathy giaquinta smith," andrews said.   "we think it's time to expand our international series to other countries and respond to the growing interest in our game not only in the u.k., but elsewhere around the world," commissioner roger goodell said.   "we think sending a percentage of revenue to the government is a tax,” widen i- said on its website.   "we think the simplest explanation is that dogs were domesticated at the time of the split," he says.   “we think we’re at the beginning stages of an ott business that’s going to grow and accelerate.”   “we thought the city was right … home-porting a massive drill rig is not a use of a cargo terminal,” she said.   "we took an early decision to support mr platini, we thought he had done a very good job with uefa, and we were clearly all very disappointed when all this came out.   we took tomofoski and christian’s concerns about more guard rails on marine drive to pbot.   “we treat our own companies the same way we treat somebody else's companies.'   “we tried right to the end to find a collective solution,” said the minister, who asked not be identified.   we tried something new, got close to our goal and are excited to analyze the results and apply what we learn to the next movies under this model," said john hegeman, who oversaw the marketing campaign for bh tilt.   we tried to persuade them, but they would not budge," said srichandi.   “we try to be very open and parent-centered.   "we underline the importance of peaceful dispute settlement as well as free and unimpeded lawful use of the world's oceans," they said in a communique.   "we understand the added value of turkey," one said.   we unlock our phones hundreds of times each day, and it’s frankly a minuscule form of masochism to have to perform finger gymnastics every time we want to check our twitter mentions.   we urge the public to remain vigilant and report suspicious activity to law enforcement."   we use cookies to improve your experience on this website.   we used to be a long long way away from mississippi, in more ways than one.   "we've adapted that technology to be able to take in high-resolution satellite imagery and then be able to process it understanding what human dwellings look like.   "we've already exceeded that."   "we've always said there's a huge difference between what workers on the front line get and what management get and when the list came out, it just proved that point.   we’ve been a team that’s been struck with injuries that has shortened ours to a certain extent,” blatt said.   “we’ve been coping with the stress of loss, the stress of anxiety, of evacuating families, and even evacuating animals: horses, cattle, goats.   "we've been doing our ventures in brooklyn for the past years.   "we've been working with settlement agencies across alberta, with mayors like mayor nenshi, to ensure that we're ready and that we have a good plan here in alberta," she said.   we've collected just a few of the interesting products and concepts that are breaching the two-dimensional world of computing and merging it with our physical reality.   "we've done a much better job now of catching them and making sure people are ok but back then, to me, that was a bigger issue….   "we've done something new," he said.   we've got a chance to win next year.   "we've got a great grassroots team that's excited about the work they've been doing and will continue to do," bryan english, cruz's iowa state director, told nbc news last week.   "we've got rv trailers, we've got cars that are submerged underwater."   "we've got some considerations in terms of the wicket and just some slightly different quirks and with the game obviously being played a bit later, i wouldn't think we'd name an unchanged ," he said.   we've got the audit done, we have an idea and it's time that we start.   "we've got too many different options out there.   "we've got to wait to see what our new governor has in mind because he's going to lead that parade," shooter said.   "we've had a lot of customers coming in everyday and repeat customers."   "we've had development here before.   “we’ve had huge anxiety at our company over doing it right,” said kelly welch of equity resources.   "we've had our ups and downs on the road like many teams," cleveland coach david blatt said.   we've had to be terrific in this mode for years to be able to do what we've done."   "we've had winners who have taken their tickets and hidden them in sun visors or under their floor mats," legal director jana jones said.   we've heard "her side" — aaron marie (@poetrybyair) december , later in the interview, dolezal also described her childhood and school years.   "we've identified that there are simply too many trucks in the system for the amount of work that exists right now," he said.   we've made a list of some of the other quirky wedding venues in kent where couples can make it official.   we’ve not been caused major problems, it’s just getting that mix right in the final third.   "we've put a lot of time into it, and i'm just glad we got a bit of a break."   “we’ve seen a lot of abuses in the way it’s used in the war on drugs,” he said.   "we've seen common core hold pretty true across the country," said chris minnich, executive director of the council of chief state school officers.   "we've seen the reports, but aren't commenting on this for now.   "we've successfully completed the first round of testing of the rocket's engines and boosters, and all the major components for the first flight are now in production."   "we've talked to the doctor.   "we've thought of so many bad scenarios..   "we've tried everything: bleach, drano, hot water and vinegar.   we want cardiff to be the best cycling city in the uk every day of the year.   "we wanted a revolution similar to that in bukina faso," luc lukula told dw.   "we wanted to make sure that lower half is ok and try not to push him too far."   "we wanted to make sure the heat pumps homeowners in new brunswick are purchasing are going to make sense for them to use in our type of climate."   "we wanted to stick with it, no matter what happened."   we want it, our users want it … and we’re anxiously awaiting the tvos developer beta info, so we can finally dig in."   we want justice for the baby and we want peace for our family."   “we want them to be satiating and fulfilling.’   "we want them to come out and wear white, be loud, make as many memories for the hockey world to see as they did before," said brown.   “we want them to have a roof over their head,” he said.   "we want to be as close as possible to receive the blessings that he is going to bestow," said one of the campers who waited overnight to see the pope, nancy camacho, her head wrapped in a thick scarf.   "we want to be in places where we are completely independent and can do business with whoever we want.   we want to bring our fans into the process and see how it's done."   "we want to buy a bunch of land," leach said, and bring all the kids and grandkids together and "have our own little community."   "we want to do something even better for the whales," executives said.   “we want to give local nonprofits the resources and support needed to be bold and innovative in their approach to our region’s toughest social challenges, including those associated with racial injustice."   "we want to give them a car that's exactly the same or can do even more than a lamborghini," paul said.   "we want to let them know that a robot is not entirely like a person.   "we want to prove to people there is hope no matter who you are," he said.   "we want to push a common understanding of business performance across the entire organisation," he says.   "we want to see a strong network of children's centres in place across the country, offering families access to a wide range of local, flexible services, tackling disadvantage and preparing children for life in modern britain.   we want to see your best, worst halloween attempts!   "we want you to fill your home with sonos," macfarlane says.   "we watched as the whale opened its mouth wide before submerging again, and the pelican hopped across the water with no visible damage," photographer kate cummings said.   "we welcome competition, wherever it is."   we welcome the support we have received from all of our oversight agencies and regional partners, as we work on our common goal of improving safety for wmata’s customers and employees.”   “we went around the table and people mentioned their stories,” he said.   "we were awarded $, and will do in-kind service work of $,," burger said.   we were both working at different starbucks when i first met him.   "we were immediately suspicious when we saw the video," said linda, who lives at the residence with her husband.   "we were lucky in the u.s. we didn't see large outbreaks in schools," she said, adding that in one province in canada, there were more than measles cases from the disney exposure "because of a big pocket of undervaccinated people."   we were merely looking for a good excuse to escape the november rain of the pacific northwest for a few days while catching an away husky football game in yet another venue i had always wanted to visit, sun devil stadium.   "we were mobilized before" the incident with the jeep, but "awareness is much stronger" now, says brigitte courtehoux, director of psa peugeot citroen's connected services business unit.   we were never occupied.   "we were probably both winging it," says former rox manager chris carminucci.   "we were resilient," says snyder.   we were running, falling to the ground, and then running again."   "we were saving up for new pitch covers - but we’re going to have to spend our savings now.”   "we were stuck in the middle of the fire for a while and couldn't go either way."   we were taught snipers were cowards.   "we were told my sister was still being rescued the minute before we were taken to the morgue, where she had been lying dead, clearly for a while,'' cai jinjin, whose cousin qi xiaoyan was among the dead, told the agency.   we were told to bring it there.   we were using everything we could in that cause to prevent him from killing himself.   “we will be making progress for the cause of peace in the world.”   we will be vigilant.   “we will continue to carry out remaining measures and responses until the situation comes to a formal end,'' senior health ministry official kwon duk cheol told reporters.   we will continue to do everything in our power to see that he will never abuse another innocent child," hartunian said.   "we will continue to stand up for this position in court."   "we will continue to try and prevent any further occurrences to take place."   we will depend heavily on these payments until our next flock goes to market around thanksgiving."   "we will do so because it is the principle to which france is committed," hollande said.   we will include our customers, enthusiasts and media along the way and will keep you informed of our progress."   we will learn your lifestyle and adjust the tips according to what will work for you, since we know they already work for others just like you.   we will miss you, but i had to leave.   we will need to shoot around or less to win the joplin tournament this year.   we will never lose our animosity from what happened because we were forced to change.   "we will not allow the government to coerce or infringe upon the rights of institutions to live by the sacred belief that only men and women can enter into marriage."   we will not end our protests until our political demands are fulfilled," karna said.   "we will not stop this if the sanctions will be imposed on south sudan, simply because we are fighting for our self-defence."   we will pay, one way or the other.   "we will press forward with our new agreed priorities in the fight against terrorism."   we will publish a selection of your images on monday.   we will restore.   we will review it."   "we will review our processes to prevent this from happening in the future.   we will share more in awhile." -year-old girl finds two-headed snake comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   we will take great pains to arrest the brain drain, which if not reversed, will hamper our national growth.   "we wish mr. riedinger and his family well."   “we wish we could turn back time."   we won't have the resources to sustain infrastructure investment."   we won't know if eddystone beacons can supplant ibeacons anytime soon, much less make bluetooth beacons as common as wi-fi hotspots — but it's a good bet that they won't show up in an apple store anytime soon.   we won't spoil the rest of the story for you, but let's offer up a lesson: if you have a six-wheeled, , pound space vehicle in your back yard, maybe google it before calling the breakers.   "we worked for years to be a member and to have succeeded is a great achievement.   “we worked in the summer and had a pretty good couple of weeks, but we didn’t play very many games.   we would all be doing ourselves and our children a real favor by returning to the biblical definition of sin, finding the pathway to repentance, and respecting god's original design in every aspect of his creation.   "we would be glad if this is cleared up as quickly as possible, but i can't make any forecast how long it will take."   "we would be very concerned about them," greene said of the small, lightly populated islands in the far east of the bahamas.   "we would have fought," d.e. says.   we would not have gone ahead with standardised packaging unless we had considered it to be defensible in the courts," a department spokesperson said told bbc.   we wouldn't have to riot if problems were addressed long before they became terminal.   "we would sell to the poachers to prevent them from killing rhinos," du toit said.   weyant was named a nieman fellow of journalism at harvard for the class of and won the theodor seuss geisel award for his first illustrated children’s book, “you are (not) small,” written by anna kang.   "we yazidis don't get any support anywhere in the world," he said.   what about apple?   what about clear and degrees?   what about issues of social support and isolation?   what about the strategy in syria?   what about unfiltered showers?   what an angel she was to me when i so desperately needed one.   what a relief it was to learn i wasn’t a freak!   what are the current regulations?   what are the implications of accusing those two countries of acts of war?   what are the resources?   what are you doing on disabled access day?   what are you fining me for?   "what are you going to do?   what a strange debate.   “what balances him is the power to rebel against authority,” anaïs nin wrote.   what better way to prepare for combat than to blast david bowie's "diamond dogs" on the helicopter ride into battle?   what can a filmmaker do when a key performer dies before his or her performance is complete?   what can be done about the bdi garbage in kingston crescent?   what can he or she do with it?   what cannot be denied is the underlying revolt occurring across europe as austerity has created havoc beyond imagination.   "what choice did i have but to leave?" she said.   "what comes out of parliament's decree is that only when these territories are led by somebody suitable for kiev will the law on special status come into effect," he said.   what could you run using powerwall?   what did 'back to the future ii' get right?   what distinguishes this app is its adjustable slide bar, which you can use to adjust the estimates if you find that they are not accurate for your device.   what does macbeth sound like in cantonese?   what does seem clear from the calm and methodical way in which the killers loaded and fired their guns is that they had received military training, presumably somewhere in the areas under is control.   what does that mean for you, dear reader?   what does the future hold for renault?   what do evangelicals think of trump?   what do you do with people making allegations against people, and nothing was done in the past, when the people they're making allegations against in some cases are dead.   what do you hope that your reader learns?   what do your candidates think is the biggest issue facing the country?   what do you think of the g-hold product?   whatever characters you unlock or battles you win will be permanently recorded on your profile for the game’s launch in june.   whatever dover boss chris kinnear said to his players at half-time worked as his side scored a quickfire double, eight minutes after the restart.   whatever happens, snowden’s legal fate won’t be in holder’s hands.   whatever the case, the petliura government was either unable or unwilling to stem the violence.   whatever the cause, it's a problem because the venture capital profession is akin to an apprenticeship.   whatever the labour leader asks, mr cameron answers an entirely different question."   whatever they need, we'll be there."   whatever trump's fate in the campaign, there's no question that belonged to him.   "whatever we get from shops in russia is bad," complains the young mother.   what exactly is common core?   what few seem to be saying amid all this is that the motives of two criminals who are muslims should not be imputed to millions of other americans who happen to have the same religious faith.   "what folks have found at this point is that if you have immediate intervention and support in general, the psychological impact can be lessened significantly," macy said.   what followed was months of lightheadedness and lethargy that doctors were initially unable to diagnose.   what follows is a conversation with cnnmoney's laurie segall and two of the purported hackers, in which they disguised their voices.   what future for the 'new ukraine'?   what gets perhaps the most dicey, many parents say, is when you are in a public setting and you are faced with whether to discipline the child of someone you don't know.   "what gets said is, ‘we shouldn't have this mish-mosh of different laws; we want a state standard, and the state standard should be nothing,’" lafer says.   what had initially appeared to be a sure thing for the incumbent changed when a former ally threw his hat into the ring.   what happened after that remains a bit of a question mark for the time being.   what happened that day at lilly is reverberating throughout the company, with executives redoubling their efforts and employees gaining an ability to bring their authentic selves to the workplace.   "what happens is you're given an audition time and you show up with probably about other hopefuls.   what happens when she falls off her horse?   what he does next will likely be the difference between him being one of the greatest players or just one that won germany the world cup.   what he says goes.   what if he ends up with nine or home runs this october (and november) and the mets win the the world series?   what if i didn’t flinch every time someone told me her wedding’s going to be in the fall?   what if it's a good price for two, but not one?   what if the doj found that authorities routinely "violated the rights" of white citizens to generate revenue?   "what i'm doing is a grey area," said a kiji poster who goes by the name of tony.   "what i'm looking for is some kind of leadership to come out of this to say, 'this is what we want.   what impulse compelled him to that mosque after /?   what ipos should we look out for in ?   "what iran does at (my country) is more dangerous than al qaeda," hadi said in the interview, parts of which were broadcast on monday.   what is a lemon law?   what is a solar eclipse?   "what i say is what i say.   what is being blamed for a decade-long decline in test scores for canadian students?   what is bob martin's teaching philosophy?   what is going on?   what is known: the number of people who visited reddit from a desktop or laptop computer dropped by , in the week of july to . million.   what is listeria?   what is lost cities?   what is seven plus zero?   what is the significance of this new establishment?   what is this technology?   what is two plus six?   what is two plus zero?   what is your proposal for guaranteeing that crowds of people above won't compromise the structure?   "what it really comes down to is the candidates want to have more control of the ability to negotiate with the networks," donald trump campaign manager corey lewandowski said after the meeting.   "what it takes for guys to be good is to be constantly reminded of the principles and values of the fraternities to which they pledge themselves," harper said.   what i was really referring to is the flight director gene kranz's comment that this will be our finest hour.   "what keeps me up at night are the ones we've missed.   what kind of effects does this have?   what kind of instructions would she give to the justice department about how it operates in states where marijuana has been legalized?   what kind of options are those?”   what led to this?   what lemon laws are on the books in canada?   what made it more difficult was that centerfielder roman quinn suffered a left quadriceps strain during his second at-bat on friday, leaving the outfield thinner.   what makes the venue different is its connection to sto:lo history.   what matters is that your doctor, who cares about you, is happy with your health.   what matters more?   what not to say to a transgender person espn says jenner will receive the arthur ashe award at its espys awards show july in los angeles.   "what our study shows is that it's feasible" and that people won't smoke more regular cigarettes to compensate, he said. advertisement results are in the new england journal of medicine.   what problem do they have that it would solve?   what risks to the organisation did you see in the video?   what salesforce is trying to do is position its service cloud for the day when mobile applications are the primary service vehicle.   what's devastating for comedy central is that its forward thinking might have found the right man for the future but it operates in the present, in a model not built for the audience of the future.   what's driving their use is avoiding the withdrawal trying not to be sick, it's not about getting high anymore," said mcentegart.   what's ea doing about that?   what’s even more impressive is that cokelaere was able to perform this feat while he was chained to a tree.   what’s even more surprising though, is that such an accomplished short album could come out of a group that was just formed this year.   what's going on, then?   what should i do?"   what's in store for china in ?   what's interesting is that the high level summaries can apply to many films but the great ones are the ones who told their stories well.   what’s more, apple is reportedly toying with the idea of expanding the range of iphone color options with a pink model.   what’s more, if the undigested proteins enter the small intestine, they’ll begin to putrefy and cause gas.   what's more likely is that it was done either mistakenly by pro-russian separatists or by design by anti-russian forces seeking a macabre propaganda boost.   what’s more, lim during the entire performance doesn’t say a word, letting his magic to the talking for him.   what's more, the tsa began an -month trial in october for use in airports around the country.   what's next: iran nuclear talks resume in vienna iran holds cartoon contest to make fun of isis obama does foreign policy damage control help or hindrance?   “what’s our strategy to improve profitability?” she asked the group.   what started out as a hobby has turned into a full time job for patrick priebe, who saw iron man in and decided to make a small laser glove.   what's that, you ask?   what still matters is relationships.   ‘‘what struck me the most was how blatant and out in the open some of the discrimination was,’’ says ariela migdal, who initially helped oversee the a.c.l.u. gender-discrimination case.   what's your outlook for the job ahead?   what tesla has now, right now, this second, is an all-electric vehicle with a good infrastructure.   "what the church criticizes is the spirit that capitalism has encouraged, utilizing capital to subject and oppress the man," pope francis wrote in his book, titled "dialogues between john paul ii and fidel castro."   what the commentators say media captionmartin bentham, home affairs editor for london's evening standard, joins campaigner and broadcaster lynn faulds wood to review monday's papers for the bbc news channel.   what the student did does not justify the officer's actions, the sheriff said, but she must take responsibility for her role.   what they found was a -year-old man and his -year-old wife both pointing guns at -year-old aaron lujan.   what they have in common are protagonists who are so alienating within minutes, if not seconds, of their appearance that it takes a strenuous effort at suspending disbelief to continue watching their extended shenanigans.   "what they were concerned about was that when palau does something, the other islands often follow."   "what this shows is that the pnp supporters are a little more eager because they believe they have the momentum.   what was a slightly plump -page document at the start of meetings has ballooned to an overweight pages.   what was it like working professionally alongside your fiancé - easier or harder due to your connection?   “what was surprising was that risk was high for many different psychiatric disorders,” which may mean that applying the results of adult studies to kids is too simplistic, she told reuters health by email.   what was the plan, then?   "what was very clear from the meetings with the players was their desire and enthusiasm about making this the greatest fifa women's world cup ever, and to ensure that they have the best possible conditions to perform well.   what we achieve can be surprising and important.   "what we are dealing with here is a real attempt at demographic change, coupled with blatant abuses," sunni politician hamed al-mutlaq told the associated press.   "what we did say is a regime change in syria could become a local or even regional catastrophe," she said, adding that "only the syrian people can decide the president's fate."   what we do know is he was raised in nearby bristol, and that he's been planning this for months.   what we feel is the sense of intensity, passion and involvement.   "what we find is more activity" in the anxious brains, kalin said.   "what we had to consider the most was the impact on the japanese team," daini said.   what we know about the gunman police sealed off the area around the gunman's house shortly after the attacks as they sought to piece together what his motivation was.   what we need instead is an office for tax responsibility, well-funded and well-staffed, accountable to either the treasury or public accounts committee, or perhaps both.   "what we need is new leadership that takes conservative principles and applies them so that people can rise up."   what went wrong at j. crew?   what we observed was a really violent body movement when the voltage hit the body, and then five or six seconds later it slumped in the chair.   "what we saw in terms of the combination of airstrikes and intelligence support and then forces on the ground, it has worked very, very well," he said.   "what we've learned over the past six years," mike tod, the airline’s marketing director, told the new zealand herald, "is that the safety video can do a fantastic job of supporting the market development team to drive revenue."   "what we want first of all is autonomy.   "what we will do is we will tell our troops to hold down, stay in their places and observe what we have signed," machar added.   "what will be affected with that wind and snow will be aviation, confederation bridge, ferry service."   "what will happen is the female polar bear can't react quickly enough when the wolves are in a pack.   what will happen when these men are turned out of hmp?   what would be the economic impact if future sales were also affected?   what would he do now, without all this?   what would israel look like if rabin had lived?   what would their father say if either of them decided to leave college without getting a degree?   what you'll see today is a yellow pine plank alley, very much the same as it appeared to president grant in , with original wooden bowling pins and a variety of different sized bowling balls, all made from lignum vitae, or iron wood.   what you need to know before running the new york city marathon a running coach's six tips for getting the most out of your big date with the big apple.   wheat and garlic fertilize the microbiome part of the reason that the african diet in o'keefe's study promotes a healthy gut microbiome may be because of its relatively high levels of a type of fiber called inulin found in certain plant foods.   when a -year-old fernandez arrived on the international scene in , france was beginning to emerge as a major force in handball.   "when a bear wants a coffee, it helps itself to it," genevieve cote joked after finding an animal had broken into her truck.   “when access to care is still highly dependent on financial status, racial status, immigrant status or whether you’re native american or whether you’re in the military — that’s not really equality, and that’s not really good access,” prager says.   when a colt is rejected by its mother, nomad boys journey through the desert to find a healing musician to save the colt's life.   when adams-kinard pleaded guilty to first degree murder in the beating death of belton, he gave up his right to remain silent about what really happened the night shorty was killed.   when a man dreams dreams: the life of winston v. saunders (phillip burrows) chronicles the extraordinary life of bahamian playwright, actor, musician and lawyer winston v. saunders.   when an off-duty security guard and a customer came to the store guard's aid, the suspect pulled out a can of bear spray and hit the customer in the face with the spray.   when any pillar of society fails in how we shape the minds of our people, we all suffer.   when appropriate, he has done it with hilarity.   when a reporter asked him what he saw, he took nearly seconds to compose himself.   when asked about industry consolidation or gett’s ipo prospects, waiser deferred.   when asked if the camp had a right to set up on city-owned land, serrica said, “we have a right to exist, we all live on this planet.   when asked if vw could be no. again, diess, who was besieged by reporters after his presentation, said that wasn't a priority and winning back trust was.   when asked in if he thought his son was dead, mr. haynes told the spokesman review he knew he wasn't.   when asked what it was like to hear his father's voice again after such a long time, omar stares at the sea and swallows.   when asked what she might use her winnings to do, she answered right off the bat to say that she would be returning to school.   when asked what she would say to parents of the unvaccinated child, she said she would first ask whether their child was doing ok.   when asked what topics would be discussed if he and xi were to meet for the fifth time on the sidelines of the summit, siew said the possible time, location and manner of such a meeting were being arranged by the mainland affairs council (mac).   when asked whether it was something a trump white house would implement, the candidate said,”oh, i would certainly implement that – absolutely.”   when asked why he thought it was important for the jefferson davis statue matter to be addressed now, he said, "i want this statue to be removed, because i believe that black lives matter.   when a spanish colleague asked the -year-old pope after a particularly grueling three-nation trip how he managed to have enough energy to get through the day, francis chuckled: "he meant to ask, 'what drug is he on?'   "when a tool is unregulated in this way, it becomes a matter of standard practice," said israel, a lawyer with the canadian internet policy and public interest clinic at the university of ottawa.   when australia's best openers are discussed his name will always be one of the first mentioned."   when a vegan friend opened her fridge door, gillian mccann could sense his disgust at the milk on the shelf.   when beverly jenkins first started writing romance and women's fiction, she intended to have an audience of one -- herself.   when both sides accept that they cannot receive all they dream, some practical steps forward will begin.   when communicating the notification, entities are allowed to use any method of communication that it normally uses to communicate with users.   when contacted by cbc hamilton, the lawyer for the website said he would take the offending post down..   when contacted by the cbc news, sibbald refused to comment.   when customers do so, he or she makes money, creates jobs, grows a company, etc. this often is the reality, too.   when customers sign up with the cable company, they must agree that it can call a number you provide about promotions and services.   when dating, especially when i have initiated, i assume the responsibility of paying as i have invited the date to be my guest.   when decontaminating areas that may have been exposed to the toxin, patients were advised to use protective equipment, including a face mask, goggles and overalls.   when douglas showed seymour durst the bank accounts with the stolen money, he instructed robert not to do it anymore, according to douglas.   when erdoğan sneezes, turkey's pro-government media runs for a handkerchief.   when evan treborn (kutcher) discovers he can travel through time, he tries to change the past and make a better present for himself and his troubled friends.   whenever i asked him for advice, he was unfailingly kind and wise," clegg added.   “whenever i was beating on the door, i said someone was still here, both of the vehicles are here,” patterson said.   "whenever people were sick or in need of help, she was always there."   "whenever your name is mentioned, what will be remembered is the evil you have done," o'toole told tsarnaev.   when garcia suggested decisions emanuel made during his time on the board of mortgage giant freddie mac contributed to the recession, emanuel joked: "single-handedly, i ushered in the recession.   when he came to ottawa women found him extremely charming and attractive his body was too badly decomposed to do a proper autopsy, but a portion of his liver showed he had advanced cirrhosis.   when he came to the youngest, -year-old veronica moser-sullivan, he reminded jurors that she "had four gunshot wounds to her little body."   when he greets a visitor, he moves gingerly to his seat.   "when he pulls the gun out of his pocket and it went off and he told his girlfriend right away that i shot myself so hopefully at the hospital or somewhere down the line the guy you know gets justice," ron said.   when he received another four-month extension, he launched his hunger strike.   when he regained consciousness after the crash, he recorded the rescue crew cutting him out of the honda accord.   when her family shunned her, omo lived for a few months in bakhita villa, the lagos shelter run by ebegbulem where she learned computer skills and looked for a job.   when her husband confronts her with the reality, she tearfully protests: "i'm more scared of him ending up in fourth again than getting beaten."   when her parents take her out of her neighborhood junior high to become one of four black students in a manhattan private school, she has to navigate a disjointed existence, neither black enough for her neighborhood or white enough for her classmates.   when he takes the floor for his new team, austin rivers will become the first son to play for his father in the nba.   when he was acoa president, spector said he dealt with leblanc, who was working at the time inside jean chretien's prime minister's office, on regional economic development files.   “when he was a kid, when it was time to read aloud in class, he’d count the people who were supposed to read before him and then, just before his turn, go to the rest room.   when his nypd colleagues gather there, their boss has an urgent request of them: please remain reverent throughout the services.   "when i agreed, i didn't pick up the phone for anybody else," larkin said.   when i arrived in front of the door of the building of the paper, two men hooded and armed brutally threatened us.   "when i came here as a boy, the (bossons) was several hundred meters below," says seb, was we dig our axes into the ice.   " when i came into the house he was calm, cool, he was collected.   when i first came into the party, he was one of the persons who welcomed me sincerely and helped me to grow and find my way in the movement."   when i first signed him he was coming back from it at gills.”   when i got in the taxi and told the guy where i wanted to go, i could hardly hear his reply, his mouth was so full of betel nut.   when i got to try on the snap, it took me minutes of adjustments to find a configuration that didn't fall out of my ears.   "when i leave here, in about two to three hours, i am normal, i don't cough," said cressman.   when i lived in grays harbor county some years ago, the juvenile court system there had started a program where if a juvenile was arrested, the juvenile and the parent and / or parents, could opt for a counseling program.   when i looked back through the images later, those barrier shots seemed the most connected, so i decided to explore the idea further.   when i’m not chasing stories, i can be found training for sprint triathlons, admiring art, or learning how to stand on a surfboard for more than half a second.   when i remember, i deeply regret that i obeyed.   when i sat down to write my second novel, i fully expected that i could learn from all of the painful lessons of trying to write the first novel for three very long years.   "when i saw those, i immediately understood it was possible to make electronic circuits."   “when i start molding, playing with the clay.   when it came time to buy the new house, we decided to build the great room as a living/working space.   when it comes to annotations, a drudge can’t do the job, and a fanatic shouldn’t.   when it comes to attracting the type of readers that you want, speaking in your real voice is your a-game.   "when it comes to kids' health and their waistlines and training their taste buds, sweetness is sweet."   "when it comes to the outfitters industry itself, its much better for the bottom line."   when it comes to tourists, it's hard to say they've really seen the effects of the crisis, especially in the islands where we know our guests are having an amazing stay right now."   "when i tell you to take your hand out..   when it first launched, it leveraged an art style that permitted players with low-spec pcs to enjoy solid game performance," bailey said.   when i told him i will be in berlin on that day, tutevich said i might not be allowed to leave the country.   when i told him that i wanted to be a career woman, he looked at me.   when i try to stand for truth, they want to kill me," he said in a march facebook post.   “when it’s working well, when the hunter flies in and pays money and the money gets to the landowner and the community, hunting is almost always a good thing,” said child.   when i walked back to the métro from my couscous lunch, i saw a knot of men in jeans and black hoodies standing on a side street.   when i was getting out of debt, i was looking for ways to feel victorious by achieving small wins.   “when i was in trouble, i got a little fortunate, got a good lie in the rough.”   when i was packing salads large enough to constitute one-course meals, i needed a neoprene lunch bag, large storage containers and zippered plastic bags for the salad components.   when jacqueline dowd attended gw from to , protests against the vietnam war swept the city, d.c.’s metro system was still being built and there was little green space on campus.   when jamie barton eventually joins in, the song speaks of the poet’s wish – and struggle – to say goodbye thankfully to all those who have brought grace and song to her life.   when jim ran into the kitchen at the sound of her shouting, she was out the window to her waist, with only one toe on the kitchen floor.   when justice john paul stevens retired in , ginsburg took on a new role on the court.   when local touchstones such as group health are gobbled up by outside giants, the economic losses are profound.   when mair died following a secondary cancer to her brain, the ultimate tragedy hit our family.   when maloney and her colleagues reintroduce the era, they will present two strategies.   when, may i ask, is the last time you sat down and chatted with a group of young black people, or any young people of color?   when mccranie asked harrington his recommendation to the board, harrington responded by informing the board that, after another attorney ran a title on the land, the original road was not listed.   "when michael made his decision to retire last week, it was a very straightforward decision for us to nominate steve as his successor.   when miniaci saw the lp at the pne exhibit, he was moved.   when moms and dads have access to paid family leave, they are more likely to stay in their jobs (continuing to pay taxes) and get the wage increases that go with longer employment histories.   when more hotheaded military experts sought a muscular confrontation with the west, kondrashov reported, putin refused, saying the cold war was over and that the world didn't need a repeat of the cuban missile crisis.   "when most people imagine clams, they imagine the things that make clam chowder," dougherty said.   when most people still used mm cameras (try taking a selfie with one of those, i have many from our early dating days).   when motorola launched its pure and moto x devices, it said android will come largely untouched and updated accordingly.   when moynihan opened the driver's side door, the video shows, west sprang out and fired a shot with a pistol at the officer's face.   when my child cuddles up to my mother on the sofa, happily talking to her about her favorite books and girl scouts and other things, my mother's face lights up.   when nearly developing countries come together in brussels at the end of june, as part of the global partnership for education, they will be asked to commit to increase education spending.   when officers arrived, they found a -year-old man who had been shot.   when one of us nine children would ask her what was for supper, she would say, "hot tongue and cold shoulder."   when one resolves to solve a personal problem, one will often see a "resonant message" embedded in a moment, he says.   when other officers responded and started to help gurley, liang came down the stairs, but "just stood there," fliedner said.   when other people are coming in the office — especially when they're here for an interview which can be stressful for people — my dogs will turn around and welcome them.   when pain was not very intense, or involved the neck, that was also associated with a lower likelihood of calling an ambulance first.   when pauly was discovered, his rescuers realized he was in need of serious help and got in touch with marando.   "when people come in and take stuff and leave it kind of feels like they're disrespecting you in a way," said brandon stark, an employee at the -eleven on clearwater.   when people do appear, it’s as pictures within the picture, largely in the windows of hair salons.   “when people were hurting, john acted on it.”   when police arrived on scene, it's unclear what happened between them and the suspect, but it ended with an officer shooting and killing the male suspect.   when president obama took office, one of his pledges was to try to fix that.   when professors avoid their responsibilities, they are putting students in real danger.   when rats are found they are killed.   when rats arrived, ecological niches became smorgasbords when project leader dr. tony martin first visited south georgia years ago, the impact of the rats was stark.   when reid lodge was years old he faced a very difficult conversation with his family and friends.   when republicans called them "death panels" democrats quickly scuttled the provision, lending credence to the republican claim that that's what they were.   when're you going to let me go?   when she's sick she wants it.   when she started learning, tseng was held back by her innate learning disability and was therefore a late starter.   when she went with her daughter a few years ago, she saw many of the players get picked up and sign contracts with european teams.   when someone in his or her twenties, fresh out of college, believes they are going to fix me, it means that i have a delusional therapist.   when stars get real photos dave matthews gave one of his fans the experience of a lifetime when he hopped into the back of her car after his bike broke down on his way to a concert in july .   when such cases do happen, people who keep lizards may chose to not reveal details about genetic relationships between the parents of the malformed offspring, or the conditions in which the animals were kept, she added.   when syrians hear i’m an american, they ask, ‘where is the world?’   when that diminution of character occurs in a district in which the margin of contributing over non-contributing structures and sites is small, the potential consequences of the loss of one structure are magnified.   "when that opportunity came and western health asked if i was interested in applying for the position, there was a couple of factors.   when the animal’s head was cleared, vucinich took a picture.   when the anti-snagging rule is in effect, only fish hooked inside the mouth may be retained.   when the axe became stuck in the fridge, the people in the house were able to escape.   when the blast obliterated her sister and friends and when the bomb took her eye and her peace of mind, america responded with fleeting sympathy, but not much substance.   when the deputy stopped and questioned them, he found over pounds of food, much of it frozen lamb chops.   when the eggs are nearly cooked remove from the heat and serve immediately so they stay slightly fluffy and creamy.   when the family of marty gendron got to the new apex cemetery for his funeral, the plot looked like this: filled with nearly a metre of muddy water.   "when the game gets tight you don't want to get stuck between going up and down stairs, you don't want to miss the action.   when the investment situation is linked to a future spending activity, this increases the chances the person will decide to save money to reach their long-term investment goal."   when the main screen is on, the second screen can be used to for quick-launching apps, accessing favorite contacts, or serve up notifications.   "when the new york times says, from his top adviser and a couple of others, he's essentially incapable of learning foreign policy, i mean that's pretty sad," trump said.   when the obama foundation's concerns became public, city officials and the university scrambled to hold emergency hearings.   when the officer replied that he didn't, witherspoon shot back, "you're about to find out who i am."   when the police arrived and checks were made, it was discovered that they gained entry to the house through a window.   "when the refugees see these centers not as doors but as a wall then unfortunately they won't let themselves be dissuaded from seeking their way across the sea," maas said.   when there is economic crisis, jews are always the first crisis, and europe over the last three years, gdp has been less than %."   "when there's a complicated question, the solution should be as simple as possible.   when there’s a stop gap, the alternative is that you may have to continue working to supplement your retirement, cut expenses, delay retirement altogether or make withdrawals from your portfolio.   when the senate passed fast track last month and it was combined with taa, it got votes -- just over the -vote threshold to break filibusters.   when the sisters met at the net, they shared a long hug, and venus could be seen saying, “i’m so happy for you.”   "when the smm further continued driving towards the howitzers and was at -m distance, one of the armed individuals released a burst of fire into the air with an automatic rifle and another individual pointed his automatic rifle at the smm.   when the taliban seized kunduz on sept. , salarzai took his wife and children to chahar dara, where he'd been born and where he believed they would be safe.   when the two teamed up to write the screenplay, they memorably took their story all the way to the oscars.   when the washington post reached her by phone, the officer asked not to be identified so that the story wouldn't be about her.   when the work is complete, all , residential water customers in charlottetown will have meters.   when they arrived they found the woman, , threatening to harm herself with a knife.   when they arrive on the streets, many develop new identities that are tied to their interests and things they like.   "when they arrive, they know exactly where they have to go, who they have to talk to.   when they bought their house eight years ago, "you could be in your front yard and not be concerned, you didn't hear gunshots in the middle of the night, we weren't concerned about going to the gas station at night," he said.   when they confronted him, he pulled out a large -inch bowie knife, threatened the employees and fled the scene.   when they couldn't work things out, shannen left the show.   when they drop back, luck and brady have plenty of reliable receivers to choose from.   when they're about to divorce, it's the opposite, they only see the negative.   when they're naked, they're a little more restrained.   when they wake up, they talk, he gives her a muffin and tea, and she leaves.   when ukrainian referee natalia rachynska called the foul on china's rong zhao, canada's coach john herman said he nearly burst into tears.   when using the name of a town or city with the name of a state, a comma is used both before and after the state.   when video of a man being choked to death by a police officer is not strong enough evidence to warrant even a simple charge of reckless endangerment, though chokeholds have been outlawed by the police force in question for over twenty years?   "when was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, china in a trade deal?" he asked.   when was the last time you visited a local library to look something up in a reference book?   when we are better represented politically, that role for us will recede.”   when we are taught about conflict or tragedies, we always learn about them in a limited way.   when we get that amount of time it gets us into the game too and it helps us for sure.   when we got together he already had the names of his two children all picked out.   when we had our interview in mid-september, menio said she was worried she'd soon have to use her credit line, due to the impasse in state budget negotiations.   when we hear the woof of a frightened deer and my guide kills the engine, my grown-up heart pounds once again.   "when we know that there's issues brewing we try and stamp them out before they get to this level."   when we leave unfair employers, or cut off contact with unsupportive friends, or kick bad habits, that’s seen as a testament to personal growth.   “when we saw what it was really like, though, and learned those little kids had been in there alone, well, it just breaks my heart.”   "when we stop saying it, he (be) will become a dictator."   when we talk about addiction it has been helpful for me to understand it as a disease.   "when we traveled around the country looking into researching the epidemic of assaults on our campuses, time and again we'd ask students, what have you heard on your campus, where is it dangerous?   "when we tried to encourage growth post (end of apartheid), it was only those who already had capital and good education that gained from it," he adds.   when we were : youth at the crossroads a dw special on youth in germany - from world war i to the present.   when we were kids and we used to groan, she would once again remind us, "remember, education is the lightest load you will ever carry."   when we were working on this hospital, we knew we were working on something innovative and special and to have this work celebrated is amazing.   when workers run away, become sick or even die, they are easily replaced by new recruits who are tricked or coerced by false promises of jobs in thailand.   when you click ok or apply the pager display on the shelf will be updated to show the desktops you have selected.   “when you do debates based on national polls, it undermines the ability of a lesser-known, lesser-funded candidate to get traction,” said duprey, a republican national committeeman from new hampshire.   when you do so, a notification delivers the address alongside options for getting directions or skipping straight to navigation.   when you have a movie that plays this strongly to women, it should begin over-indexing this week as females settle in after the holiday," said warner's domestic distribution chief dan fellman.   when you have an invisible condition, you can face an additional level of scrutiny and are often having to work much harder to prove how ill you feel.   "when you have big dreams, you follow your dreams, okay?" he told them, and continued with a lesson about bullying.   when you have ideas, you have to express them," gutierrez said.   when you hear your real estate agent throw this word around, you'll know you're probably near the end of the homebuying process.   "when you know nothing, then you can't really make any conclusions about the effects of climate change on certain species," said rosemary curley, president of nature pei.   “when you look at how the operation was done, it was extraordinary,” cuomo said.   "when you put them in the same room, it’s like one is speaking mandarin, and one is speaking cantonese,” richard l. brodsky, a former assemblyman, told the times then.   "when your back is up against the wall, i guess you'll do anything," said paul wenger, president of the california farm bureau federation and an almond grower in the modesto-area, outside of the delta.   when your doctor gives you a prescription, ask for the spelling and the dose and make a note of it for your files.   "when you read the criminal complaint you get the impression it was this frenetic activity," said strauss-kahn.   when you’re a kid it’s hard to see your mom as anyone else but your mother.   "when you're given a project like this, you look at the universe of hazards," said mansour samadpour, ceo of ieh laboratories, which was hired by chipotle to tighten its procedures.   "when you're having what you would call a bad night and that's the end result, you'll take it."   when you're in the zone, keep that finger on the trigger and keep firing.   “when you’re in trouble and covered with snow, you can count on george to be there.   when your young daughter says 'i'm a boy'   when you see that kind of investment in infrastructure, i think you can rest assured that they're not going anywhere."   "when you tell a woman that she cannot control her own body, that's extremism."   when you think about what causes stress, it is likely when obstacles get in the way of achieving some goal.   when you trace its origin, much of it is coming from our continent."   when you've had your fill of the old, a new breed of design-forward buildings have risen in brilliant contrast to the original masterworks.   whereas at the level of the fringe or festivals in the summer, droves of young people are coming out to see artists they've never heard of before because they value the experience.   whereas today, we have a hard time to facilitate a discussion between muslim communities in the local area.   where clowns go to die: inside chile's lively city of the dead photos this mausoleum is dedicated to fallen police officers.   where did that election take place?   where does a smaller appetite for commodities leave a country like canada?   where do you travel with your kids?   where everyone in the room tells what they appreciate.   where gerald ford had refused to welcome exiled russian author aleksandr solzhenitsyn to the white house, carter embraced political dissidents vladimir bukovsky and andrei sakharov with open arms.   where had this wanton violence come from towards something that i clearly loved?   “where in the deeper snow, i've seen in the past where they've run out into the clearcuts and it's just fatal.   where is oil going: u.s. oil prices had recovered somewhat after touching six-year lows and briefly dipping under $ a barrel over the summer.   where is the conflict?" she said.   where press freedom is under serious threat and opposition politicians are intimidated by the ever present security forces.   where's my cut of that sweet three bucks, governor?   where to invade next ** -- documentarian michael moore is like the outspoken uncle you have to seat at the kids' table at thanksgiving dinners.   wherever possible, wood and vegetative debris are being separated with the intention of further processing.   where was he then?   where we don't leave any one out or any one behind."   where we go from here as a society will define our humanity.   where were you when he was two?"   where you were born does not necessarily determine who you are.   whether it is an ipod or an iphone or an ipad or a blackberry or a tv remote or a gun or something else," fee said.   whether or not lloyd ever gets back behind the wheel of a flying delorean he feels that as "back to the future" enters the real , it still has a bright future with fans.   whether or not the onslaught ever materializes, rubio and his team are bracing for it and preparing to counter it by sifting through hours of video footage for instances in which bush spoke about rubio as an admiring ally, not a political foe.   "whether or not the white house and netanyahu will continue to conduct warfare between themselves depends on their ability to overcome the accumulation of bad feelings mistrust and poisonous relations," he said.   whether or not you're eligible for an employer-sponsored retirement plan, you can open up an individual retirement account (ira) on your own.   whether the teen lands the job or not, at least he'll be better prepared for the future.   whether we're changing business practices or shifting public policy, changes won't happen overnight; we need visionary leaders ready to take tough decisions.   whether you're headed upstate or south of the border, you'll want to be prepared.   whether you’ve fallen in love or never want to set foot in a certain neighborhood again, how do you best put that information to use?   whichever you pick, make sure you're getting a fresh catch.   which is what makes apps so contrary to google’s future, and google now so vital.   which is why reporters like bouie and david dayen, along with the usps inspector general and bernie sanders, have all stumped for the idea of using the postal service to provide traditional banking services to the poor.   “which is why we’re bearish about iron ore prices in the medium-to-long term.”   which is why we're delighted that amy from oh bite it has found a way to deep fry champagne.   "which kathleen rice can we trust?" the tv ad asks in a tone democrats generally might expect from republicans.   which leaves us with the doctor's letters released by candidates as the only form of assurance about the health of presidential candidates.   which left thomas nearly speechless while being pushed about the vital miscommunication.   which we're going to assume means the average engadget editor will get about hours from it.   while incidents of assault were reported per , americans across the nation in , at least were reported per , residents in all but one of the most dangerous states.   while a fitness band doesn't directly measure all of these things, it paints a picture of overall health.   while a good start would be nice, the senators will need to play with greater consistency.   while airbus executives have forecast high demand for the a superjumbo to serve growing megacities, the company booked no new orders for the massive -seater.   "while air power is essential, it alone cannot bring the results we seek," he continued.   while all colombian men must register for the draft at age , it's mostly poorer men who are compelled to serve in this nation of million people.   while all states have laws that address preventing concussions in youth sports, none require baseline testing.   while anand's career has taken off — he works at as a chief marketing officer at a startup — she says, "i’m still looking for my disney here."   while android accounts for the vast majority of opera's user base, the opera mini browser is the default for nokia's older asha feature phones, thanks to a deal opera struck with microsoft to support devices that it intended to stop the production of.   while another comedian, seth mcfarlane, had this to say, 'congratulations to ireland for legalizing same-sex marriage on a national level!   while at the grio, bacon led the site's coverage of the election and obamaâ€™s second term, with a special focus on the affordable care act and its impact.   while at the grio, bacon led the site's coverage of the election and obama's second term, with a special focus on the affordable care act and its impact.   while berlin-based rocket sees itself as building an e-commerce operating empire, some investors prize it as a launchpad for future stock market listings of everything from online fashion to home furnishings to personal finance firms.   while blumenthal understands why chinese families turn to agents, she says they aren't necessary.   while bombardier has firm orders for the jet, that is below its launch target of , according to company announcements, and it hasn’t announced a new firm order in more than a year.   while both sides say the gaps between the two sides are narrowing, the big remaining question is how you get to a deal that all sides can agree on.   while bush met with worried donors, across town cruz unveiled the endorsement of texas lt. gov. dan patrick and the addition of several wealthy ceos to his finance team.   while bush will certainly not replicate the ‘obamamania' that gripped europe, he can try to create some positive headlines and pictures for domestic consumption back home.   "while china and india are using the depressed prices to boost their own reserves, we're buying high and selling low."   while closer ties with beijing have brought trade pacts and a tourism boom, many voters feel big business has benefited, rather than ordinary taiwanese people.   while comey acknowledged that he hasn't seen the facts to back up his claim, he reiterated his thoughts on the ferguson effect on monday, citing the black lives matter movement and the videotaping of police actions as part of the equation.   while declining to discuss the investigation, obama's aides described clancy — who wasn't even told about the incident for several days — as the right man to fix problems.   while de facto segregation exists in many schools — here and across the nation — a coalition of activist parents, concerned teachers and a passionate principal decided they couldn’t live with it at leschi.   while down . percent quarter over quarter, readiness increased percent year over year.   while farrell says communities are encouraged not to clear more land than officially agreed, destructive agricultural practices still occur near the border of the central cardamoms - slowly chipping away at forest's fabric.   while feminists are taking strides to practice intersectionality, banks's comments are yet another reminder of how complicated and compelling the discussion around feminism continues to be.   while geared toward vinyl, record store day will also feature a cassette reissue of heavy metal giants metallica's early demo tape "no life 'til leather."   while golden state set a new record, the lakers' kobe bryant made history of his own -- the bad kind.   while harvey rebounded in - winning silver and bronze at the world championship, kershaw lost a large chunk of his racing season to the double-whammy of pneumonia and whooping cough.   while her allergies are extreme, beasley is part of a growing group of people who dine out in spite of dietary restrictions.   while he's here, he's doing very "washington" things.   while he started eight indianapolis s and won seven times in major open-wheel series, the statistics only reveal part of the story of a cm-tall man who longed to race in formula one, but found a home in the us.   while hillary clinton is being scrutinized for only using her personal email address to conduct government business as secretary of state, her spokesman shot back tuesday that she was following the protocol permitted under past rules.   while hyman has claimed that he is not a so-called “anti-vaxxer,” he has questioned whether people should get the flu vaccine and has supported the theory that the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine can cause autism and other issues.   "while i am grateful for the encouragement i've received, i will not be a candidate."   while in las vegas, foster met a man and the two were quickly engaged to be married.   while in tucson, levin interned for a daily television morning show and reported for the local college station.   while investments like intel's can help, the financial strain and time commitment required to found a startup make it difficult for many minorities to become entrepreneurs, says maci peterson, founder of washington, d.c.-based startup on second thought.   while it aims to use balloons the size of a football stadium for the actual flights, the one it tested is a scaled-down version carrying a replica spacecraft.   while it calls for repeal of obamacare, the budget assumes that nearly $ trillion in tax revenue from the law over years would remain in place.   while it departments have used tools similar to visual for some time, many of them have been purely for developers, and were used as a step in developing the algorithms before they're translated into programming language syntax.   while it makes no mention of gay people, there is a fear that businesses who are religiously opposed to same-sex weddings could refuse them service and have a legal defence against a lawsuit.   while its college business is healthy, with about stores in the us, the company's loss-making nook business continues to decline year-over-year, based on the company's fiscal second quarter earnings.   while it’s less well known than many other scams and has been underreported by the internal revenue service, it’s apparently on the rise.   while it was definitely a close race, the future track star, smith ultimately defeated the gold medalist.   while looking into the care facility in fresno, an administrator told the family not to apply because vandersluis doesn't meet the residence requirements enforced by the state of california, they said.   while lord carter's report is a step in the right direction, his solution only solves a tiny fraction of the £ billion deficit.   while "maggie's plan" is looking for distribution after its toronto premiere, moore also stars in one of the festival's most anticipated debuts: "freeheld."   while manufacturing benefits from a low dollar, central canada will also have challenges with the plummeting price of oil.   while many are familiar with toulouse-lautrec’s painterly renditions of vibrant life in montmartre, this exhibit honors the significance of his commercial work.   while many have embraced the muslim world in protesting terrorism, others such as fox news owner rupert murdoch have implied or stated that all muslims are to blame for these attacks.   "while many kurds will tell you this sort of thing happens all the time and just doesn’t get out, images do tend to take on more power than mere verbal/written accounts," hoffman wrote in an email.   while many of these discounts are only around to percent, they will add up quickly.   while many rooted for a seahawks' victory out of spite for the routinely vilified patriots (and really, can't we malign seattle's doug baldwin instead for taking end zone celebrations to a whole new level of bathroom humor awful?   while mentoring is an age-old practice - socrates mentored plato, giovanni mentored michelangelo - what made onty and cherie's experience unique is that they never once met in person.   while mls announced a deal with beckham for a miami team in january , no timetable has been set because of the lack of a stadium.   while mps and senators are allowed to earn extra money on the speaking circuit, the practice of parliamentarians charging for work similar to their official duties has become contentious.   while my galaxy s would lose battery power if you merely used the phone, getting my iphone s plus to the point where it needs more power could take days.   while new brunswickers can expect to be cold, coade said it will be mainly sunny today.   while no one has been able to tie the disappearance of the directly to the opium, it created the environment of killings and suspicion the students encountered on the night of sept. , as they came to town intending to hijack buses for a rally.   while outside kobani, la tweeted in december: "quote me: they treated me as a sister and i have seen no kindness like theirs."   while polls show that a majority of religious americans now support same-sex marriage, many prominent groups -- such as the catholic church, the southern baptist convention and the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints -- do not.   while populous california has been the worst hit, the effects have been felt here in arizona as well, and it seems as though there is no end in sight.   while public health measures remain the best way to bring the outbreak under control, snape said, a safe and effective vaccine could start to help later this year.   while referencing the issues that plague our nation’s youth including unemployment and criminal activity, minister johnson strongly articulated the government’s plan to move ahead on tackling these pressing issues.   while saturday will be dry and sunny, a storm system will push across the plains and into the great lakes region, bringing heavy rain and thunderstorms sunday through monday, root said.   while sawiris’ proposal might normally be dismissed as fantastical, the failure of world governments to address what the united nations is calling the worst global refugee crisis since world war ii has opened the door to unconventional ideas.   while sfpd won't confirm the exact location of the bank, there's only one on that block — an east west bank at clement.   while she acknowledged tensions between russia and the u.s. over the crisis in eastern ukraine, naumova said it hasn't had an impact on her recent appearances.   while she is waiting to hear back, jacobson has worked with the gw progressive student union to build support across campus for j street workers.   while she was behind bars, she attacked a fellow inmate and is facing another pending criminal charge.   while she was born and raised in las vegas, she has lived in washington, d.c. long enough to call it home.   "while she was staying in our shelter, our staff helped her get on her feet.   while some accommodated his wish, most of the responses amounted to criticism, insults and negativity.   while some gay alabamans were able to get marriage licenses, others had less to celebrate.   while some scientists think bringing back mammoths is an exciting possibility that could benefit the environment, others have reservations.   while some states have said they will refuse refugees now, other states have said they will continue to take refugees, including: colorado, connecticut, hawaii, delaware, pennsylvania, vermont and washington.   while square’s new terminal has some beneficial features, its relatively slow release appears to have opened a hole to competitors.   while students face different challenges and experience different joys, many have found their home at the university thanks to southern charm and hospitality.   while swift did not name her villain, she was widely believed to be referring to perry.   while talking to tourists who came to visit the volcanoes, sabuhoro came up with an idea to capitalize on their interest in the area, and provide work for former poachers.   while talks have stalled and kurds accuse erdogan of backtracking, he undoubtedly sees the peace process as a key legacy.   while that brings a number of benefits, it also brings one major problem – the cell phone bill.   while the adorable race is the cutest competition out there, the concept isn't new.   while the ban did not explicitly outlaw drilling, industry officials said the prohibition on fracking removed a crucial step needed to tap the oil and gas.   while the damage of a sunburn can't be undone (sadly), there are things you can do to speed up the healing process and soothe your red, inflamed skin.   while the details of our conversation will remain between us, i am confident he heard my message loud and clear.”   while the gop may muster the votes to reject it, they lack the votes to override an obama veto of their rejection.   while the incident is long over, various publications have continued to write about white's unusual demands, and he's not too happy about it.   while the letter established schneiderman's view that daily fantasy sports are illegal gambling, he must obtain a court order to shut the companies down in new york state.   while the majority of countries do not have such a policy, of them do, including canada and a number of other countries in central and south america.   "while the mayor has respect for the names floated, that's not what is needed to move the ball forward," said phil walzak, de blasio spokesman.   while the median annual wage for farmers, ranchers and other agricultural managers is $, a year, it can rise to $, a year, as measured by the bureau of labor statistics.   while the model has not been manufactured for years, some are still used today.   while the monks may look authentic, there is one easy way to tell if the monks are real or fake: real monks will never ask you for money in public.   while the new rules might be good for customers, who will have access to better products at cheaper prices, watkins worries about how the new regulations will affect the bottom line of fish markets like the one he owns.   while the officer was knocking, a call to tuesday from inside the home requesting a police negotiator.   while the parker lands decision mainly involves drainage and preventing basement flooding in nearby homes, it's linked to the rapid transit expansion in that a small part of that land is needed for the transitway extension.   while the phenomenon was not visible in any major indian cities, stargazers equipped with telescopes were able to catch a glimpse of the eclipse in the country's remote northeast.   "while the profit downgrade isn't a small amount of money, it should not significantly harm the company's credit strength," ban said.   while the project in ghana is fairly new (aspire launched the program less than three months ago), ashour has high hopes for it, ultimately envisioning his weevil products to reach % of the market in ghana.   while the puls is already shipping to some buyers, its broader release is coming in a year where we're seeing refined wearables like the apple watch and jawbone's up fitness band.   while there appears to be a tremendous amount of noise in security products, percent of respondents said they also believe that malware infections had become more severe over the past year.   while there are aspects of these qualities that are gold-star inducing, this personality type can have an unhealthy relationship with healthy food.   while there has been an outpouring of sympathy for the victims, some concerns have been raised about other critically ill patients at the hospitals not receiving adequate attention.   while the resilience of the african-american community is of almost mythic proportions, how can we not anticipate urban disturbances, given our long human history of exploitation and subjugation?   while there's no indication yet as to what zerodb's business model might be, one proposed feature gives a hint: direct sharing of encrypted data in the cloud with software-as-a-service (saas) vendors using technology called proxy re-encryption.   while there was no big agreement on climate change, in contrast to the recent deal with china, obama's heralded rapport with new prime minister narendra modi was on display.   while the tech giant showed off the apple watch at its iphone launch in october, the company has since held its cards close, revealing only minimal information about the wearable device.   while the tories specifically target trudeau, the youth wings of the ndp and the green party — which are responsible for rallying students on university and college campuses — paint harper as the threat.   while the vast majority of the copies will be carried by quebec retailers, the magazine will also be available at a handful of stores in british columbia, alberta, ontario, new brunswick and nova scotia.   while they may not own the destroyed building that was once their home, renters lose a lot of their personal property in disasters.   while this is by no means the only reason or motivation for seeking out sexual material frequently categorized as "taboo" — like incest — it does seem to be a reasonable explanation for some of it.   while this is not a scientific study, over the years i have noticed the disparate treatment of black children in these public spaces that are meant to be sites of leisure and recreation.   while u.s. online retailers such as amazon and e-bay dominate the e-commerce industry, traditional companies are boosting their presence.   "while venezuelan bonds have come under pressure over the last quarter, we continue to believe that the long-term story remains positive," fidelity portfolio manager john carlson said in his latest commentary for investors.   while washington has been vocal in its assertion that moscow has been sending troops over the border to buttress ukrainian separatists, it has held off on supplying kiev with lethal weapons over fears of escalation.   while we appreciate your doing a story on the kono building, please check your facts and report them accurately without any prejudice.   "while we are seeing an increase in flu-like illnesses in the past month or so, in this situation there's no single illness or one thing that has put us in this position."   while zephany's biological parents have said in interviews over the years that they never lost hope of finding her, for now, the girl is in the custody of the social services.   whilst he has expertise in engineering technology, it's the teambuilding and development that he considers the most vital to ongoing success.   "whilst today's announcement is most welcome, excluding boys from the sevenoaks grammar annexe is very unfortunate," shilling said in a statement.   whitby will share stories of his first-hand experiences during the war.   white county answered with run in the bottom of the first inning but madison county quickly got the run right back after casper reached on an infield hit later scoring on a single by courtney weldon.   white flowers are at its heart.   white house documents at the clinton library show that hillary rodham clinton, who was herself a board director of the activist new world foundation in the s, helped oversee the conference.   white house frosty after republicans invite netanyahu to congress .. john boehner has rejected what he sees as obama's demand to 'sit idly by' over iran, inviting the israeli pm to address congress next month.   white house officials have repeatedly complained about russia's recent military buildup in syria, a move the kremlin insists is aimed at defeating isis.   white house spokesman josh earnest said secretary of state john kerry's earlier remarks about being hopeful about the situation on cable news indicated how high a priority president barack obama places on getting the detained americans back.   whites won - at eastleigh on tuesday, their biggest win of the year and their first victory in four games, following three goalless draws and a - loss at cheltenham town.   white truffle season lasts from october to late december or early january.   white, whose grandfather died in , said she imagined the e-editions being read by travelers, at airports and train stations, or by people in waiting rooms at doctors' offices.   "who am i to turn down the adoring public?"   who are cosby's accusers? photos louisa moritz, seen here in a episode of "love, american style," told tmz she was in the green room of the "the tonight show" at nbc in new york when cosby paid her a visit.   who commends the government of liberia and its people on the successful response to this recent re-emergence.   "who could possibly disturb me while they know that we're literally seconds before going on air?"   ‘who deleted me’ is available on ios and android platforms, as well as a google chrome (googl) extension.   "whoever it is will have to buy into the mindset of the american owners - they want success, but their model is to try to get that by signing younger players they can train up and, sometimes, sell on.   who has the time?   who has time for that shit when they have a child balling in their face?   who has vowed to overhaul its emergency response system, but has not censured any senior officials who oversaw its ebola efforts.   who is alberto salazar?   who is altaf hussain?   who is aung san suu kyi?   who is buying a new plane every month is this the fanciest way to eat bibimbap?   who is mike huckabee who is mike huckabee : cnn's jeremy diamond contributed to this report.   who is presidential candidate marco rubio?   who is presidential candidate rick santorum?   whole oil is looking stronger, heating oil is looking weak.   wholesale energy costs have been dropping in recent months, with the price of a barrel of brent crude oil falling to below $ this week.   who now remembers the attacks in paris in by the armed islamic group of algeria that killed eight people?   whoopi goldberg to guest star "i literally cried watching her taped audition.   who remains vigilant and is monitoring the situation.   whose interests are being prioritized, those of the new management team or those of the countries and people the wbg was set up to serve?   who's "emergency committee will meet soon" to discuss the crisis, spokesman tarik jasarevic told reporters in geneva, without specifying a date.   who's really running the 'kingdom of kim'? : she gets help from her own mother, of course, and friends and neighbors.   who supports the ccp?   who vaccines expert marie-paule kieny said having an effective vaccine might avert future disasters but added it would still take months to get the shot approved by regulators.   who would they be?   why are they cutting them down?   “why are we charging the victims of crime to pay for something that they never caused in the first place?”   why did kate moss get angry on a budget flight?   why do chinese stocks keep tumbling? .. chinese stocks have stumbled yet again despite government efforts to stem the three-week plunge which has knocked around percent off chinese shares since mid-june.   why do college-bound students change their minds?   why does isis want sajida al-rishawi?   why does switzerland care if new yorkers bike for free?   why do i seem so confident?   why don't they get the horses to play the instruments?   why do you keep coming to bushwick, it's always like this.   why europe have to live under german dictate?   why go through the trouble of creating a personal email system?   “why i got fired from facebook (a $ million dollar lesson)” is a clickable headline if there ever was one.   why is any of this important, you may ask?   ' why is ashton shopping for a gun?   why is belgium particularly vulnerable?   why is the chinese government trying to stop the correction?   "why is the incident report different than the video?"   "why lose out on potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars in mesothelioma compensation, if better outcomes are possible?   why migrants head to the mediterranean cnn's laura perez maestro and lindsay isaac contributed to this report.   why not indeed!   why not use the rules of the free market?   why one georgia florist won't serve gay couples did indiana influence the arkansas outcome?   why should i care?'   why should opec have a ceiling?"   why should you pay to use an atm, even another bank’s?   why 'small sample size' is wronghuffington post curbed comparisons: here's what you can rent for under $, in philadelphiacurbed philly these are the best restaurants in america for foodies, according to opentablebusiness insider simple genius!   why suu kyi can't be president but even if the nld wins the election, suu kyi is barred from the presidency by the military-drafted constitution, which prohibits anyone with foreign family members from assuming the top office.   "why was welding work allowed near all those chemicals?   why, why, why, i asked myself, am i so dumb/useless/pathetic?   why would i want to move backwards?   why would shorter duty shifts for residents be less safe for patients?   why would we be continuing to do that?   widodo should promote indonesia as a rights-respecting democracy by joining the countries that have abolished capital punishment."   widows like the -year-old bivaho nsekerabanzi would be happy enough to see her five kids live in a peaceful society and have enough to eat.   wikileaks says nsa spied on top german politicians 'for decades' .. documents released by wikileaks appear to show the us spied on close aides of german chancellor angela merkel and other officials for years.   wilkinson said madison's negative portrayal of hef in her new book, "down the rabbit hole: curious adventures and cautionary tales of a former playboy bunny," is based on her jealousy over him not marrying her.   wilkinson said pc party executive director kelley charlebois asked her to think about working for the party in another riding.   wilkinson undecided over who to support jamie lall, the disqualified tory nomination candidate, has announced he will run as an independent in chestermere-rockyview.   willamette week uncovered she was highly involved in kitzhaber’s campaign, and guided how he handled the debacle over cover oregon, the state’s failed health insurance exchange website.   will british holidaymakers need to be evacuated from greece?   will cavendish win the green points jersey?   williams' absence itself is a delicate challenge, according to tompkins.   williams, in the suit brought against holness, contended that holness used the letters to axe him from the upper house because he did not support holness in the internal leadership elections in november .   williams is to anchor coverage of breaking news, which, for the most part is unpredictable.   williams is within touching distance of becoming the first woman since steffi graf in to win all four major titles in the same year following her sixth wimbledon triumph.   williams runs medicine man, the retail pot shop where surina used cash to buy a product colorado considers legal.   williams said that he "assumed" that the chinook helicopter he was on was just one of several that was damaged by ground fire.   williams, the world's no. player, was emotional as she returned to an event she had boycotted since .   ’ williams’ three-year deal with the seahawks is worth $ million, including $ million guaranteed — all this season.   williams took her sixth title at the all england club, her first in three years.   williams was arrested on an outstanding warrant related to unpaid traffic tickets.   williams, who lives in houston, remembered her grandfather calling every woman in the family "pretty girl," and spoiling them all, while making himself their confidante and protector.   williams, who won the australian open, french open and wimbledon in , is currently recovering from injury.   willian’s th-minute strike from outside the penalty area flew past goalkeeper tim howard.   will it be more than smiles, handshakes and airy talk?   will “mad men” finish its run by picking up another best-drama statuette?   will marty mcfly and doc brown finally arrive in the delorean today?   will shoot you in the back.   will the automobile driver go the way of the carburetor and the elevator operator?   will they also say they couldn't support him if somehow he becomes nominee?"   will trump build a staff and campaign infrastructure in iowa and new hampshire to handle all the dull mechanics of finding voters and getting them to the polls?   will we be flying in this in ?   "will we ever not care about tiger, even if he is at his worst, seemingly lost and so far removed from his glory days?"   will we see "historical rains"?   wilson is the ideal carroll quarterback.   “wilson virtually invented contemporary urban sociology and reinvigorated the study of the ghetto poor,” says michael eric dyson, the best-selling author and professor of sociology at georgetown university.   wilson was a minor league second baseman for parts of two seasons (-) before going back to college to play football.   wilson, who watched the struggle unfold, said he was afraid his fellow competitor wasn't going to make it out of the water alive.   wimbledon champion vasek pospisil r eturned to his home turf at kitsilano beach park tennis courts on tuesday.   wind chills will lessen as the temperatures increase later into friday but are expected to return again overnight friday into saturday morning.   wind northwest km/h becoming light this afternoon.   window and aisle seats on the planes are .-inches wide.   windows handles split screen wonderfully, and this in conjunction with virtual desktops makes doing work a treat.   windows mobile: this is the version for windows phones and small intel- and arm-based tablets.   wind will develop from the northeast at to km/h, he says, and high temperatures will range from – c to – c in the north and – c to – c in the south.   wines from outside these classified areas but within burgundy’s boundaries -- and wines blended from different classified areas -- are generally labeled as “bourgogne.”   winless on the tour, gonzales has two top- finishes in events this season.   winner of the spanish stroke play championship in and , he helped his country to finish third at last year's world amateur team championship where he set the individual -hole scoring record, previously held by jack nicklaus.   "winning against top teams has been arsenal's biggest challenge in past seasons," ubiratan leal of trivela.com in brazil said.   winning both the rugby championship and the bledisloe cup would send the third-ranked wallabies into the world cup, at which they are drawn with england and wales in the toughest group, with a surge of confidence.   “winning needs to feel like winning.   winning post is cnn's monthly horse racing show.   winnipegger jenna saltesz said she's happy the consequences were quick and severe for the ontario hecklers caught on tape.   "winnipeg has a rule that says that businesses are not allowed to donate and there's a $, limit for individuals, and we should do something like that," haiven said.   winnipeg's most, comprised of prefontaine, jon-c (billy pierson) and charlie fettah (tyler rogers), was a force in local hip-hop music.   winnipeg then kane on injured reserve, citing the need for the shoulder surgery.   winona, minnesota, home to winona state university and saint mary's university of minnesota, limits housing rentals to reduce large concentrations of students.   wins for the plaintiffs could benefit republicans in future elections.   ' winstead wiped her eyes after the reading.   winters said there was a nurse working on the streets of st. john's last summer temporarily, which yielded great results.   wint was arrested thursday night following a multistate manhunt and after officers tracked him to a howard johnson express inn in college park, md. a team realized wint was probably in one of two vehicles in the motel parking lot: a car or a moving truck.   wiseman made the announcement at a pc social event at the white hills ski resort thursday night, reportedly surprising those in attendance.   wit a tip of the hat to angels, let's have a look at some of the most memorable movie costumes ever seen on the silver screen.   with percent undecided, the measure could still go either way.   with percent covered to date, the search should be completed by may.   with % inflation, the highest across the globe, venezuela comes in just ahead of war-torn sudan and heavily-sanctioned iran.   with a deadline for completing the package fast approaching, eu commission president jean-claude juncker said he was "not satisfied" with developments over recent weeks, as he went into talks friday in brussels with greek prime minister alexis tsipras.   with a desire to catch up, many east germans opted to shop for western items they had coveted for many years, with business booming in the west and slumping in the east.   with a fastball that reached mph, nova walked two and struck out one.   with a full, powerful swing, he advanced it some feet — from a regular lie, the shot would have gone yards — to just under the lip of a bunker.   with a growing elderly population, the scottish nhs faces growing demand for hip and knee replacements and cataract operations.   with a lease or ppa, you usually don't have to make a down payment.   with an overall pass rate of % at a-level or the equivalent level btec, the school is also proud that % of its students achieved the top grades of a* to b at a-level.   with a soft mattress, the weight on your back can be uneven and cause you pain.   with a starting msrp of only $,, the outlander has a $ lower starting msrp than the previous model year, which is notable when considering the amount of design and engineering improvements incorporated into the vehicle.   with a "tumultuous" family life as a youth, he indicated physical abuse by his father, and poor performance in school led to his move back to california to live with his mother, prosecutors said.   with a two-goal lead, freiburg sat back and waited for a mistake from the visitors.   "with a voter turnout of more than per cent, p.e.i. sets the gold standard when it comes to democratic engagement and yet many were shocked last month to see a tie in the election in one district settled by a coin toss," said matt campbell.   with back-to-work legislation in the pipeline, that may no longer be necessary.   "with cps, we took hyper-v and azure pack and did all the heavy lifting to marry it with hardware," said mike schutz, general manager of microsoft's cloud platform product marketing.   with decreased sea ice, polar bears may have greater trouble finding food sources.   with delta gone, that seems somewhat more likely.   with each, the scientists’ work indicated that a.i. systems could find their own solutions to problems.   “with eight bankruptcies already announced this year, weaker producers could live or die by the whims of capital providers,” citi analysts wrote recently, predicting that banks will reduce borrowing bases by as much as %.   with expense limits more than doubling compared to the last federal election, budgets are expected to increase proportionately, putting small, local associations at a significant disadvantage.   with few options for professional female judokas at the time, she turned her sights to pursuing a ph.   with few predicting the result with certainty, samsung engaged in an all-out effort to drum up support.   with files from cbc's kelly crowe comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from cbc's pauline dakin report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from glenn payette stay connected with cbc news latest nfld. & labrador news headlines latest audio and video a cancer patient's sister makes a loving gesture, to help her celebrate a milestone.   with files from max haberstroh, paisley woodward and tamara baluja comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from reuters and the associated press report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from reuters and the canadian press comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from sarah keaveny vos report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from sarah lawrynuik report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with four weeks until election day, anyone seeking clarity in the polling numbers, or even a hint of where things could go from here, will be greatly disappointed.   with gay and m runner-up trayvon bromell sitting out the m, dedric dukes clocked the third-fastest time of the morning, ., with terrel cotton fourth-fastest in ..   with growth estimates for the second quarter currently around percent, the economy appears poised for its worst first-half performance since .   with growth undershooting the government’s target of about percent so far this year, according to bloomberg’s monthly tracker, economists had been forecasting more rate cuts even before the bull run reversed.   with her signing out of the way, porter will turn her attention to her senior season at jefferson.   with his brother's presidency still deeply polarizing in the mind of the electorate, and foreign policy once again rising as a top public concern, his campaign will test the nation's appetite for another republican named bush.   "with his experience as a world cup and champions league winner he has become an important part of fc bayern," dreesen said.   with his son brent leading the offense with yards and four tds, the point-total was six off the school record set in — a - win over north alabama.   within about one month, the group will decide whether to bring the dispute to the national tax tribunal, which could potentially take months to reach its conclusion.   within a few months, the deal stands to give iran relief from un and western sanctions that have ravaged its economy.   within a few years, he had taken to the province’s anti-establishment political religion with a convert’s zeal, helping to birth a new party that later comprised the base of a reformed conservative party.   within days of the book being published, lundestad was told he had until the end of the year to vacate his office at the norwegian nobel institute in oslo.   within five minutes, people had viewed our facebook post and people had responded with some amazing photos.   within hours, her sister hodda was, too.   within the context of public policy, this lesson raises several questions about how best to use the vast amount of data contained by public, private, and non-profit sectors to improve governance.   within the framework of this mechanism, problems of ordinary people, inhabitants of the region are discussed.   within two minutes, australia were again in front as unmarked daniel beale swept a square pass inside the circle into the goal with the custodian already beaten by the cross.   within weeks, he was criss-crossing the globe for days of intense meetings with his new iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif, gaining an invaluable insight into the new leadership of a country which remains a us foe.   with ios , apple's latest mobile operating system that will launch in the fall, the iphone is officially "all growns up."   with ios , the updates go beyond icon designs and color schemes.   "with iron ore hitting a -year low, hot on the heels of monday's seven-year low for oil, december’s commodity rout continued tuesday," said analyst connor campbell at traders spreadex.   with its libertarian leanings, new hampshire is seen as hospitable territory for paul's small-government beliefs.   with its new operating system, microsoft has changed the way some of its apps behave.   with its restaurants facing increased competition from family dining options in recent years, frisch's availability for sale had been speculated about for months.   with james reimer already out with a groin injury, that means the net belongs to bernier, beginning saturday against the los angeles kings.   with just seven varsity players - including four freshmen - and no junior varsity team, medvecky didn’t even expect to be playing this season and begged the school board to take a year off.   with just two debates remaining before the iowa caucuses, the texas senator doesn’t have much time to make his move.   with many of the country's small businesses claiming to feel overlooked, cardiff based sales and event marketing firm, gb marketing enterprise agree with jones and have voiced their support for more to be done for wales' small business community.   with many streets closed, families were walking to the festival, hours before the pope was due to arrive.   "with more people aware of a problem, it usually leads to a solution," jackson said at the premiere.   with more snow on the way this week, and the snow-making machines working full blast, the resort hopes to have all runs open by new year's day.   with my new album i want to bring back great stories of what people are going through in life today.   with noah heading to the daily show, both of comedy central's late night series will soon feature hosts who aren't white — all while the other big names in late night continue to face criticism over their lack of diversity.   with no tuition fees that expense is shouldered by the individual states, and ultimately the german taxpayer.   with only ten victims recovered from the java sea so far, there remain many more that will come through these gates, to be tended to by the small but dedicated group of workers here.   with our common sense evaluation process, we approve a large percentage of our applications and are able to secure significantly more capital for our clients.   with our governments, we have a profound opportunity to replicate and scale up the best approaches from the report, which includes successful case studies in talent building, vocational training, entrepreneurial development and more.   "with our security precautions, it is unlikely that daesh could perform large actions in iran," he said, using an arabic name for is.   without congressional action, bulk collection and all the other programs within the patriot act expire at the end of this month.   "without income, the required social policy cannot be promoted," she said.   without it, the fantasy of a delivery drone landing on your lawn would remain just that.   without question, the onhub router introduces a number of compelling new features, but the reality is that most folks will likely stick with whatever router their isp gave them at sign-up.   without realizing that this government cannot be terrorized,” he told yesterday’s proto thema newspaper.   without specifying where he wanted to see the trial moved, herbert told reporters he would "have to find a county that is outside the reach of the mayor's comments."   without such an interface, imessage is 'backdoor enabled' by design: the keyserver itself provides the backdoor."   without such federal and state efforts, the outbreaks could have continued undetected for much longer.   without treatment, these birthmarks usually fade or flatten out within nine or years, leaute-labreze said.   with over million residents, douala is one of cameroon’s most densely populated cities.   with pelosi's opposition and hillary clinton, the democratic front-runner in the presidential race, also keeping mum on trade promotion authority, obama had scant high-level support within his own ranks.   with pressure reaching a fever pitch, kitzhaber bowed out effective a.m. wednesday.   with production lines humming, the machinists have escaped layoffs in the past two years.   with rain threatening for the entire evening, sabathia (-) made quick work of the royals, who had pounded out runs on hits the previous night.   "with rates of return in foreign economies likely to remain depressed for the foreseeable future, we look for the dollar to strengthen further in the coming quarters," said jay bryson, global economist at wells fargo in charlotte, north carolina.   with regard to the film and venus, duvernay said, "i think you have to speak truth to power… if truth is not being spoken, then power doesn't shift."   with rioting against police and arson and looting erupting in baltimore, obama found himself again offering condolences to the families of victims and sympathy to injured police officers.   with siemens (si) as a parent, solel will have access to deeper pockets, world-class manufacturing, and vastly broader global distribution.   with so few international options, many people are turning to services like myaddressus.   with so many homegrown donut shops here in l.a. (and a million on the way from france), it might be hard to imagine why the masses would go so crazy for the chain.   with so many in infinite turmoil over names, like redskins as a recent example, i find it incredibly delicious that the winning team's name is the patriots.   with such ground breaking life changing ideas the tories are sure to be annihilated at the next election.   with symptoms like the sensation of pins and needles, numbness and pain, the skin starts appearing wet, white and shriveled.   with syria exercising control over lebanon, hafez assad was always keen to use hezbollah as leverage in his negotiations with israel and the u.s.-- and it confined military action to southern lebanon and israel, keeping syria out of the fray.   with that in mind, there's no question that this is ultimately about heading off future legal battles.   with the actual payment of the arrears, zamcelco is expected to hasten the installation of power connection to transitory sites such as masepla in mampang and kasanyangan, according to apolinario.   with the assistance of canadian diplomats, he was flown to amman, jordan for repatriation flights to montreal and then toronto.   with the deflategate scandal circulating through sports, wsj reporter geoff foster performs a quasi-science experiment to see who is to blame.   with the emergence of crowdfunding and other online platforms, other companies have devised a way to create business models that allow various lending products for small businesses and startups.   with the energy sector's second-quarter earnings seen doing better than the prevailing consensus forecast for a decline of almost percent from the year-ago quarter, according to a thomson reuters analysis, shares could get a benefit.   "with the gas prices going down, i actually think more people will be thinking about camping this year, and perhaps going further afield," she told the early edition's rick cluff.   with the gop expanding its majority and winning control of the u.s. senate, prospects for the bill may be even more unlikely this session.   with the government's help, everyone can take action for children.   with the help of eleanor roosevelt, the first national teacher day was held in .   "with the high-threat environment that we're in right now, this is totally unacceptable," he said, noting that groups like al qaeda in the arabian peninsula and the khorasan group have been trying to target aircraft with non-metallic explosive devices.   with the holiday season underway, calls for cab and uber ride services are more frequent.   with the incident in paris where at least people were reportedly killed, valte said president benigno s. aquino iii has ordered the state security agencies to finetune the preparations for the apec meeting to be held in manila on nov. -.   “with the incompetent leadership like we have right now israel will not survive.”   with the iphone, perhaps mr fadell's greatest feat was finding a way to shrink the tech necessary to offer a multi-touch user interface on a handheld device.   with their efficient offense and stingy defense, kyle korver and company could be on top for a while.   with their own fleets, these companies fly crews and material to offshore sites for oil companies.   with the murder count at on monday of this week, the prime minister said that “we don’t have the right to allow young bahamians to kill each other for whatever reason.   "with the opening of the case, i thought it would be important for the judges, lawyers, and families to have these documents if they could be useful to advancing the cause of justice," he told reuters on friday.   with the potential loss of divas, that would leave only asiasf as a performance spot for trans women.   with the pressure on greece mounting as time runs out, a poll in germany found increasing acceptance of a possible greek exit from the euro.   with the reform, we have spoken to these distortions and allowed these activities to directly contribute to the revenue generating capacity of the government.”   with the right feeling and the right sound, it wasn't long before last had rattled up a string of hits, arranging freddy quinn, fred bertelmann and caterina valente.   with the s and its optically stabilized, -megapixel sensor, it’s really starting to fly.   with the softball team done at home for the season, crews have begun removing the turf for the first steps of the renovation.   with the support of teachers and counselors, patty made her way to a major in computer science and figured out how to finance her college education.   with this increase, the deduction can vary dramatically among an suv, rv or truck with a -foot bed.   with three bandmates, jerrica releases hit single "truly outrageous," battles rival supergroups the misfits and the stingers, and uses her dad's holograms to dress like the spawn of alice cooper and a pink highlighter pen.   with thursday's changes looming, should you rush to get a discounted phone, or wait for the new plans?   "with tiger playing and the super bowl in town, there's definitely a lot more eyes on this place this week.   with time, once i learn how to use it properly, it will be one of the most relieving and bountiful experiences i've ever been able to experience."   with total book sales of over a million copies, he's the author of seven books, including the aspect-emperor trilogy.   "with turn-out gear and all our stuff on in this heat, its about extra pounds."   with two of their interior players, mckenzie hopkins and makalia beck, leading the way in double figures the tribe jumped to an early lead and never looked back.   with vermont’s small batch barr hill gin, yellow chartreuse, lemon juice, orange blossom water, agave and egg whites, it is thick and tart—spicy, yet light on flavor—and beautifully scented drink with a whole star anise and lemon twist as garnishes.   with veteran chris phillips sidelined by a back injury cowen may have bought himself some time, but should he falter cameron has shown he won't think twice about giving another player an opportunity to step up.   with warm notes of cedar and blackberry the 'to the mountains' product line consists of body scrub, body butter, aromatherapy candle and a $ gift card.   with wild cravats, bolero ties, daisy brooches and fringed jackets, these advertisers are suiting up like the creatives of the late 's, przybyszewski said.   "with windows server r and storage spaces, you can use ssds and hdds to create tiered, highly available storage.   witnesses can usually distinguish russian airstrikes from those by the syrian air force because the latter’s strikes are relatively crude and have lower technology.   witnesses claim that the soldier dragged some bodies outside and set them on fire.   witnesses describe what they saw and heard before the fatal shots were fired.   witnesses reported seeing a bleeding woman scream for help as she tried to scale the wall of the property, the los angeles times reported.   witnesses said about a dozen people were wounded in the attacks.   witnesses said that the gunman asked his victims their religion before shooting them execution-style.   witnesses say he was sitting in it outside of the store.   witnesses told police the train horn was blaring at the time of the accident, canales said.   witty was in her second year of teaching at brownsburg high school.   wladimir has been champion for nine years, appeared in world title fights, made world title defences.   wojcicki is separated from her husband, google-co-founder sergey brin.   woking again started the second half strongly and andy rafferty saved well from chris arthur before deverdics responded for dover with a header that glanced off the post.   wolfsburg's arrival in milan marks something of a milestone for the club.   wolfsburg was on the back foot from the th minute when julian draxler was sent off for a high challenge on gonzalo jara.   wolfsburg will want to keep their momentum going against frankfurt is wolfsburg the new dortmund?   wolf was arrested friday at his apartment in the west village.   wolkins recently received news that he is cancer free.   woman : "they probably wouldn't hire me; i don't have any experience."   woman, , carjacked and kidnapped in norwood norwood police have released photos of a man wanted for questioning in a carjacking and kidnapping of an -year-old woman.   woman found beaten to death under seattle’s magnolia bridge previous story bail set at $m for man accused of seattle shooting capitol hill’s ‘supernatural’ pop machine stays stocked, but how?   woman's sudden blindness attributed to cat saliva who is presidential candidate lindsey graham?   women already serve in combat roles for the armed forces of a few developed nations, including canada and israel, but officials have said demand from women for such jobs in most nato countries is very low.   women don't have to hurt.   women in washington state made . percent of what men made in , according to figures released tuesday by the u.s. bureau of labor statistics.   women need equivalence more than equality.   women of death row photos dora luz buenrostro was when she murdered her two daughters, ages and , and her -year-old son in san jacinto, california, on october and october , .   women receive most of these benefits through the program and men a smaller portion.   women's money was just seen as pin money," she said.   women's work like hauling wood and preparing wood, heating with wood, keeping fires was so big."   women's world cup : top players to watch photos christine sinclair (canada) – if canada is to win the world cup on home soil then sinclair will be the woman to lead it.   women's world cup: the beautiful game photos saki kumagai of japan clears under pressure from francine zouga of cameroon.   women's world cup: the beautiful game photos mexico's players celebrate their goal.   women's world cup: the beautiful game photos u.s. forward christen press heads the ball.   wonders of the universe photos hubble scientists say this is the best-ever view of the tarantula nebula, which is located in one of our closest galactic neighbors, the large magellanic cloud.   wood added a two-yard scoring run in the third quarter — ending a nine-play, yard drive — to give the dragons a commanding - lead.   wood said glanz was pleased he had an opportunity to "clear the air" on the fallout.   woodside inn is the best gastropub in mumbai.   woods opened with three bogeys in four holes, already struggling.   woods will be no better than no. next week, and could fall even farther depending on what happens at the phoenix open and dubai desert classic.   woody” woodward, phd is a cec certified executive coach trained in organizational psychology.   woo tae-hee, south korea's assistant minister for trade and chief free trade negotiator, said it was hoped the agreement with china would lead to more industrial zones like kaesong along the border with north korea.   word of the lawsuit comes a day after the justice department determined there was not sufficient evidence to charge wilson in brown's death but found in a separate investigation that the ferguson police department showed a pattern of racial bias.   words can't express how proud i am of you."   words of wisdom from mother teresa “what i can do, you cannot.   workers are supposed to report a missing badge within hours, and the san diego airport authority said it plans to do more to ensure that rule is followed.   workers at the three u.s. automakers have made bonus checks based on their employer's north american profits as the companies have rebounded from the recession.   workers came out in droves to union meetings in his community when talk of right-to-work started weeks ago, he said, and that is likely to continue.   workers' median wage came in at $,, erasing more than a decade of gains.   workers with same-sex partners weren't usually up for relocating to a state where their marriage wasn't recognized.   workgroups are able to collaborate and interact by drawing, writing, making notes and importing documents, pictures or movies and sketches.   working in a very male dominated workforce, skills she learned early on were honesty, tenacity, and humor, all of which have proven to serve her well.   working in the country has also become difficult for non-governmental organizations.   "working in these environments and moving from fire to fire is exhausting," calfire battalion chief mike smith told afp.   working with young people affected by mental illness and substance abuse triple care farm offers a lifeline to those society sometimes overlooks.   work on developing yourself in those areas.   work performed: rail fastener renewal will cause silver line trains to share one track between eastern market and stadium-armory.   world athletics championships results and medals table how to keep across the championships on the bbc how to get into athletics "i'm lucky i stayed up.   world cups won.   world health organization (who) experts have examined the death of the man on august , after he fell sick in a burundian refugee camp in tanzania's northwestern kigoma region.   world no. chan, , claimed three wta tour doubles titles last year: kuala lumpur with hungary’s timea babos, as well as in eastbourne, england, and taipei with her sister, chan yung-jan.   worldpost china correspondent matt sheehan reports that greenpeace sees "resolve" in the chinese government to fulfill its plans to cut coal production in the fight against climate change, but the "rustbelt" city of tangshan is paying the price.   world's highest infinity pool – marina bay sands hotel guests have access to its infinity pool.   world's most famous monk despite his age, dalai lama maintains a strenuous travel schedule, wrapping up his visit to great britain only days ago.   world umpires association attorney brian lam said in a statement saturday that "emotions often run hot after games, and people sometimes do terrible things that they later deeply regret."   worried about the price of fresh fruit?   worries about the economy featured prominently in putin's annual news conference earlier this month, when journalists from state-owned media, not known for asking tough questions, grilled the president about falling incomes and living standards.   worshipers stood with hands raised, some wiping tears from their faces and embracing each other.   worship for the glbt community & friends in the roman catholic, anglican & other liturgical faiths tradition.   worshipping in nature the worship of nature by john greenleaf whittier the harp at nature’s advent strung has never ceased to play; the song the stars of morning sung has never died away.   worth noting: "french voters dealt a sharp setback to the far-right national front in regional elections on sunday, depriving the party of victory in any of the country's regions, according to projections based on exit polls.   worthy says more than candidates have already expressed interest in the job at this early stage.   would have stayed later to keep filming, but the clouds moved in. let's hope it persists into the evening tonight also for more pictures.   would he even finish?   would hire them again in a heartbeat.   would iran abandon its nuclear ambitions, icbm program, regional destabilization, apocalyptic eschatology, support for terrorist groups, and human rights oppression?   wouldn't it make more sense for them to think about what they would like to accomplish and come up with a way for it to happen?   "would you encourage single people to apply to work for senator schumer?"   would you fly on a plane without pilots?   would you ride in a 'flying doughnut'?   wow. then there's the cringey shimmying too.   wow well that's technically one reason why i don't really sit next to someone on the bus if no full seats are available.   wrap-up in the end, it's easy to be disappointed by the up.   wrcb-tv it doesn't include an explicit threat, meaning no crime has technically been committed, but "it's better to be safe than sorry," blake witt, a detective with the mcminn county, tennessee, sheriff's office, told nbc station wrcb of chattanooga.   wright said she watched in horror as the man reloaded his gun and opened fire again.   write a note about why bought that toy.   writers theatre’s thought-provoking four-person play, marjorie prime, is set several decades from now, replete with artificial intelligence and quips about the obsolescence of the ipod.   write your own list of questions and answers.   writing for the national review online, rich lowry called the article "laughably tendentious and unfair" and "as hostile a narrative as possible."   writing is a form of healing too, in its own way.   written in by german dramatist bertolt brecht, with significant contributions from margarete steffin, the epic drama was brecht’s response to the nazi invasion of poland.   wroe warned spectators to keep a distance from the waves because what seems safe could become deadly in a short time.   wroot says he's got five of the old museum mannequins at his home.   wrote affleck, "the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth."   wsaz children's charities click here for info and to donate.   wsaz trusted partner e-mails sign up to receive occasional e-mails from wsaz trusted partners.   wsc's team wrapping gifts to send to the southern bahamas - (photo courtesy of bvs) to help prepare for the gift-giving exercise the team purchased the presents, wrapped them in their offices.   wsdot’s busy today!) meanwhile, the fundraiser is underway.   wsu football wide receiver dom williams, for instance, is a self-confessed mcdonald’s lover whose standard order is usually “two double cheeseburgers, a large fries, a large sweet tea and two apple pies.”   wtf, an interesting thing happens: the url re-directs to the bing homepage.   wu and kraemer used avatars in a virtual environment to show the same thing.   wu said when he learned of the accident, he came to the school.   wu says the problems could mean speeds advertised by service providers don't hold up — that it "often results in those promises being illusory."   wwii-era bomb disposed of in controlled blast in cologne .. authorities in the western german city of cologne have been forced to use a controlled explosion to destroy a world war ii bomb found at a construction site.   ww shared a portion of the video-recorded interview with katu news.   wynn, , and derek walter bond, an auxiliary constable, were shot in a casino northwest of edmonton while investigating a suspicious vehicle.   wynne showed an ad that will run as a part of the campaign.   wynne would not tell cbc news what she might ask of trudeau, in either funding or infrastructure, but she did say that knowing what ottawa is willing to invest in will help the provinces in setting — and meeting — their climate change targets.   wyoming area’s chances of possibly forcing a three-way tie for the division title came to an end because of the loss.   xabi alonso tries a through ball, but juan bernat is caught offside.   xbox one revives the war for tv created with sketch.   'xena: warrior princess' reboot in the works at nbc (exclusive) the hollywood reporter hrs ago lesley goldberg twenty years after it first premiered as a hercules spinoff, xena: warrior princess could be returning to television.   xiaomi's plush "mi bunny" dots the hong kong store.   "xi is changing china's foreign policy, which will be much more proactive in the foreseeable future," said shi.   xi said china has more than million internet users.   "x is likely to be exploitative, self-centred, and indifferent to the welfare of others," gouthro wrote.   xi will meet obama in washington for talks later this month that will be dominated by a host of thorny issues, including china's growing military reach.   xu said china was faced with multiple security threats, though he did not name them.   yaakov pollak, who knows the man, arrived on the scene shortly after paramedics took the victim to hospital.   yahoo finance produce panic!   yahoo global news anchor katie couric, then anchor of the cbs evening news, was on the ground in port-au-prince hours after the quake struck.   yahoo sports reported that kidd-gilchrist will require surgery and will be sidelined for six months, although team announcement made no mention of possible surgery or how long kidd-gilchrist would be out.   "yall do realize no legitimate coach will come here if he's our qb, right?   yang and fei have followed my career and had many questions.   yangervis solarte hit the next pitch into the left-field corner for a double.   yang yao-hsun, formerly of the japanese professional league’s softbank hawks, then punched through a grounder to knock in two runs, taking the hosts ahead -.   yanic parent of the richelieu-saint laurent police said tremblay appears to have left her house with her bank cards.   yankees hire pentland jeff pentland has been hired to replace kevin long as hitting coach of the new york yankees.   yannis pagonas knows this only too well.   yasir qadhi, an assistant professor of islamic studies at rhodes college in memphis, tennessee, said he took a more nuanced view.   yates said companies would not get credit for cooperating with investigators unless they identify all employees responsible for crimes - regardless of executive rank or seniority - and turn over all evidence against them.   yatim, he said, posed a real threat to him.   yatseniuk said he and finance minister natalia yaresko would seek an urgent meeting with president petro poroshenko and ask him to summon central bank head valeria gontareva to explain.   "yeah, i actually knew the guy," kaisch said, to prove he has the right to drag reagan's corpse across a campaign stage.   yeah, i guess," kirchhoff said when i pointed out the conventional toast wisdom.   “yeah, the hardest thing i think is mentally,” he said.   yeah, we’ve got a few things going.”   years later, the country is grappling with different cases but many of the same underlying issues.   ye declined to comment directly about competitor xiaomi, which had achieved much of its success through online sales, but highlighted the importance of offering "innovative products at affordable prices".   yellen said the fall in oil prices, more than percent since the middle of last year, may have caused disruptions in the oil industry, including sizable layoffs.   yellen's inclusive style has been tested recently by two fellow governors who publicly appeared to disagree with her view, shared by vice chair stanley fischer, that the fed will probably need to raise interest rates this year.   yellow bird boutique $ give away yellow bird boutique $ give away this is a list of nominees so far, if you have nominated someone and don't see them on this list please email.   yellow crime scene tape was still up monday morning, surrounding about eight homes on each side of ottawa street, as well as a back alley behind some of them.   yellow raspberries in july sun, bitter plums, curtains in wind.   yellowstone: our first national park photos castle geyser – castle geyster just in the same basin as old faithful.   yelp (yelp) shares plummeted % on wednesday to their lowest level since march .   yemen, a key front line in the us war against al-qaeda, has been gripped by unrest since longtime president ali abdullah saleh stepped down in early after a bloody year-long popular uprising.   yemen is on the brink of a humanitarian crisis, the united nations has said, with more than , civilians dead and several thousands having to go without food.   yemeni sources said nine houthi fighters were killed in air strikes on their positions in oil-producing marib province, east of the capital sanaa, while four others died in the central ibb province.   yemen's war is entering its third month, and on friday yemenis woke up to news that five houses in the old city of sanaa, a unesco world heritage site, were allegedly hit by a saudi-led coalition airstrike (saudi arabia has denied the claims).   yemen's warring factions will meet for peace talks in neighboring oman next week, the united nations and yemeni officials said.   "yes, a secure fax machine, which is harder to work than the regular," she said. . "i think i'm the best hillary clinton."   yes, as of june . who wants him to run?   yes, from the frames we can see, it looks racially homogenous, but the entire sorority system has faced those issues and is still addressing them, with minority enrollment growing year over year.   yes, i did the neo-futurists, but i worked with other companies as well.   yes, it looks a bit like something the cat coughed up, but what it lacks in appearance, it more than makes up for in flavor.   "yes, it's safe here, but toilets are dirty, there are no clothes, food is expensive, they offer only small amount of food at the camp, not enough even for a child."   yes, kill you, eat you, that sort of thing.   "yes," said the dj.   yes, seattle is weird!   yes sorry, you are not old enough to view this content.   yesterday, an nypd official told the times, on condition of anonymity, that ocasio did not have scissors in his hand.   yesterday, carter released a statement saying that during a recent liver surgery, doctors discovered metastatic cancer.   yesterday, february , marked the th anniversary of the first legal gay marriages performed in the u.s., which happened here at city hall under the watch of then mayor gavin newsom.   "yesterday i went to a show with joanne."   "yesterday's decision is clearly a disappointment but it is not the end of this fight," said steve caldeira, the association's president and ceo, in a statement.   yesterday's mass gathering was of a scale and intensity the country has never seen before, a mass rally of every creed, political complexion, colour, age and race, a precise cross-section of french society."   yes, that legendary hip-hop group, nwa.   yes, there are a lot of caveats.   yes, things keep getting better.   yet animal experts say an increasing number of coyotes are setting up shop in one of the most dense urban labyrinths: downtown chicago.   yet another was a -year-old who was proud of himself for recently enrolling at umpqua (uhmp'-kwah) community college.   yet despite the u.n.'s efforts to be more representative and inclusive, half of humanity still remains excluded to this day.   yet eu solidarity is not just being undermined by the greek debt crisis the influx of thousands of migrants crossing the mediterranean from north africa is also playing its part.   yet even as boehner sought to smooth things over, some outside conservatives applied pressure for more confrontation.   yet even as the company grew, the googleplex remained appropriated space, shaped by the architecture of its last inhabitant, silicon graphics.   yet even as this anguishing exodus has gripped international attention, it has obscured a connected and equally troubling pattern of rising religious extremism in myanmar.   yet even that key measure was late.   yet godley takes us further, bringing the twins back onstage in a hilarious mincing dance where they prance around arm in arm with their noses in the air as the white guy tries to get them to see him.   yet he does accept that broadcasting the errors of others on the internet is a form of punishment.   yet, he feels different about the game.   yet how many zoes actually exist in the real world?   yet i cannot hide my concern for the family, which is threatened, perhaps as never before, from within and without.   yet, in a pop culture world of full of "empire strikes back" darkness and antiheroes, it was nice to see true-blue heroes having fun at the cineplex again.   yet major misunderstandings about credit cards persist.   yet neither child had cancer.   yet neither debate covered the topic of gun laws and access to guns.   yet none of these is used broadly enough to solve the reading problem in high-poverty schools.   yet not many political tacticians outside of rubio’s own orbit believe that.   yet she grieves that the girl she is transitioning into can never carry a child.   yet “tête a tête” is a work built in code.   yet, the blues mood still exists for people of color.   yet, the press diligently focuses its scorn on those reprehensible testicle-owners who sought sex with women who aren't their wives.   yet there's a mathematical formula at work here: two negatives make a positive.   yet there’s one glass ceiling that remains stubbornly resistant to cracks.   yet the separation from the homeland, from the readership, from the place where thomas mann felt at home, this is what caused him such a shock.   yet, these two premises don't hold for a classical black hole, in which the information is permanently and irreversibly lost as it enters the black hole.   yet the spin off is a bet that blackstone's advisory business is worth more on its own.   yet the taliban's pre-dawn assault on kunduz on monday caught the afghan police and army by surprise, handing the group arguably its largest victory in years of war.   yet, they contribute billions of dollars into our economy and have among the lowest crime rate in the country.   yet, universities want to have the "freedom to arrange the workforce in the ways that they want," ehrenberg says.   yet, we must not now cower in fear and submission to this new tyranny, this expanding fascism masquerading as religion.   yet when governor jerry brown declared a state of emergency in april and ordered californians to reduce their water consumption by percent, he was not referring to farmers.   yet witnessing the effects of modernization saddened him.   yet yellen doesn't get much of a victory lap.   yields on -year notes closed at . per cent on friday, down from . per cent in april.   yik yak is an anonymous social media app that allows users to create and view posts within a five-mile radius.   yoga may also be used more frequently because there are more studios in the united states than in years past.   yoga raised the level of natural antioxidants in the body and strengthened the immune system.   yohan cohen, yoav hattab, francois-michel saada and phillipe braham died friday during a tense hostage standoff at the market on the eastern edge of paris.   yohei toyoda scored twice as sagan tosu beat ventforet kofu - while yoshito okubo got the winner as kawasaki frontale defeated vegalta sendai -.   yoko bar, a nguyen thi dieu, ho chi minh city vietnam; + every upwardly mobile metropolis needs a place for its beautiful people to preen and lush is ho chi minh city's.   "yorkville continues to be a licensed facility and perform procedures while cooperating with the regulatory process," the statement said.   yoshihiko yamada, a maritime expert, told nhk that the vessels bear a "striking resemblance" to those used by defectors from north korea.   you are acting the serious fool over the rachel dolezal story.   "you are a representative for your people whether you want to be or not.   “you are, in effect, replacing independent photojournalism with visual press releases,” the letter read.   you are not alone.   "you are not a parking lot for refugees, you are also victims of the situation and we won't leave you," eu enlargement commissioner johannes hahn told the macedonian parliament.   you are not going to be able to see it with the naked eye.   you are on an island.   "you are still able to turn on the spot, you are still able to drive sideways and you are still able to connect to charging stations, for example."   you are using an older browser version.   you asked: not sure i ever got a measles shot, is it too late?   you bring as many people as you can into the headquarters through dinners and cocktail parties, and your global specialists center there and try to sell the work."   you buy battery technology from suppliers like lg. electric motors are easy to source," koslowski said.   you can also donate in person or join cbc calgary for a fundraising event!   you can also listen on demand right here.   you can also pin reminders to the top of your inbox for easy viewing or snooze them for a later time or a later location.   you can also pulse in place doing three reps of ten.   you can also purchase fresh pasta from the premises if you're looking to make your own meal.   "you can also treat it with very aggressive enzymes and it remains completely active.   you can assassinate john kennedy or a martin luther king, but the problems remain," kunstler said in defense of yippies charged with inciting riots at the democratic national convention.   'you can become your own mini-nsa' privacy expert ann cavoukian says businesses are well within their rights to use devices to monitor employee performance.   you can be the henchman who does the bully's bidding.   you can bet on it.   you can carry any dog walking tool needed for dog walks or other dog outings (i.   you can catch it if you're at new york comic con on october . the event will also include a q&a session with duchovny and carter, moderated by actor kumail nanjiani, who also has a small part in the new series.   you can consume marijuana at home or on private property.   you can contact him at dr.rafizadeh@post.harvard.edu or follow him at @majidrafizadeh this post first appeared on al arabiya.   "you can deal with stressful life experiences with strength from past ones," says mcgonigal.   you can donate online to directly support the nepal children's emergency relief fund the salvation army is focused on providing the immediate needs of shelter, food, water, and other relief items.   you can download the , and filing materials there.   you can either give up and quit and leave, or you can keep pushing, try and fight for a place to be here on the grid."   you can email haveyoursay@bbc.   "you can find your own special experience away from the infrastructure."   you can follow her on facebook.   you can follow percy's progress on facebook.   you can get in touch by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.   you can get the -inch nexus tablet made by asus with gb of storage for around $.   you can grab a ticket over at ampersand's website for $ a person, which includes pairings.   “you can increase your monthly benefit amount by % if you are able to defer starting your social security until age ; this can add up to a lot of money!”   “you can kind of think of ocean warming as being global warming,” johnson said.   you can listen to cbc radio's st. john's east debate below.   you can move the shutter manually via the app, or set it so the shutter closes when you're home, and opens when you leave, thus ensuring your privacy even from yourself.   you can, of course, hire the services of a copyeditor or proofreader.   you can pick one story, or you can pick all of them, or any number you choose.   you can read more of ubs' interesting prices & earnings study here.   you can read the entire excerpt here.   you can ride a reindeer sled in the santa claus village, an amusement park near rovaniemi in the lapland region.   "you can see basic reasoning and basic understanding of relationships of the ring with the person, where they are and where they were," said schroepfer.   you can see the love they have for each other in this picture.   you can submit all your questions for our future guests on mondays with marlo on twitter and facebook.   you can support them online or text realmed to to make a $ donation.   "you can't ask for any better than that."   "you can't catch them," he says.   you can't escape those moments but you have to remind yourself: no matter how much it hurts, it gets better; being in a relationship that isn't healthy never feels better.   “you can think what you like,” paul says.   you can tilt the tray quite far to the side and the glass will remain stable.   you can't just go read through the document like you can for most pieces of legislation.   you can't just say to somebody specifically, 'you can't say these sexist comments."   “you can’t really get a straight answer from him, because half the time, he doesn’t know,” hoomanawanui said.   you can’t take steps backward.   you can't toss out half your party's representatives in congress, and you can't redraw the lines to make their seats more competitive.   you can tweak everything from the shortcuts on the notification drawer to the look of individual apps to the hardware buttons on the bottom of the device.   "you can understand that there's exasperation because it's already been going on for months and the court decisions are slow to come."   you can watch many away games on kboi.   you can watch the full interview with micheal lazerow here.   you can watch the not-so-veiled poke below.   you can work your tail off and do everything right and still not come through.   “you come in there, you don’t know how to drive this horrible vehicle, and after the training you are basically a pro.”   “you continue to grow, you continue to learn from the lessons,’’ he said.   you could be bengali or punjabi, goan or kashmiri, but if you were indian you were proud of a rare big win on the world stage.   "you could have been on the city streets of a foreign country and someone decided you don't belong here, go back to your country, you would have suffered the same humiliation, the same degradation that he has," said judge monica benton.   you could pay for it privately, but most people cannot afford it and impoverishment is not something most people will do to themselves voluntarily.   "you could see that it was dented in the middle.   you could tell the guy who owned this guitar took his playing seriously, his gear was expensive.   you could use a blog, podcast, or another medium to distribute your knowledge and ideas, but make sure you leave room for your other interests, so you aren't trapped in one exclusive area (unless you want to be).   you'd be wise not to mess with this version of artoo, as obi-wan kenobi quickly learns.   you didn't get as good as you are at your craft by just showing up.   “you’d never believe how these tiny pieces of paper can become something so beautiful.   you don’t always need to use mayonnaise or mustard; mix a small amount of cranberry sauce into mayonnaise for a mildly tart twist to a turkey wrap.   "you don't believe that confession?"   you don't do that as much on mobile.   you don’t have to be angry about this.   “you don’t have to be an outcast to be a rebel,” he said.   "you don't have to realise every potential that you have.   "you don't have to worry about having the pressure, feeling judged, or anything like that."   you don't just kill a dictator like that, destroy his portraits, and put him behind you.   "you don't necessarily need a choice of underarm spray deodorants or of different pairs of sneakers when children are hungry in this country."   you don't need an xbox for those, but you do need to log in to the app with a microsoft account to get xbox achievements.   “you don’t start practicing in june to play redmond in week . you hope skyline is the best in the league because that’s who you play in week . these kids have gotten a whole lot better.   you don't stress in a study, researchers at the university of california, san francisco discovered that women who are under chronic stress have lower levels of klotho, a hormone that promotes brain and body health and regulates the aging process.   you don't want your personal identity to affect your grade," he added.   "you found the humor and you found that and you took the scene in different directions."   "you get on the road and sometimes cars don't see you getting on," said scott allen, a cyclist who rides on barbur boulevard.   you get out there, you play your guitar and you perform."   you go home, thinking,” costa says.   you got to make sure the puck is feet away from our net.”   yougov's reports include a model-based margin of error, which rests on a specific set of statistical assumptions about the selected sample, rather than the standard methodology for random probability sampling.   "you guys have done an outstanding job," mission control radioed, "even for two shuttle pilots." st spacewalk was in march sunday's -kilometre-high action unfolded years to the month of the world's first spacewalk.   you had no political rights, no vote, and little equality, and, until , the contagious diseases act meant that in towns and ports like london, you could be arrested, taken to court and then locked away in a hospital for nine months.   you had to conform.   "you hate for it to end.   “you hate to sell it because so many people want you to stay on but it’s just one of those things.   you have samples basically or samples for your line, but only about or make it.   you have been successfully signed up.   "you have no choice but to use a touch-tone phone," she said.   "you have no idea what i'm talking about.   “you have provided a service and you have done so for decades; causing us to be the envy of the world,” mr. wilchcombe said as he delivered remarks at the ministry of tourism long service awards ceremony held friday, january , at government house.   you have to be very passionate about what you do and at the same time, be a business manager, which includes having a solid business plan.   "you have to have both short-term and long-term focus on your messaging, but also, you have to have a focus on being very disruptive of your opponent's news cycle," said gop strategist kevin madden, also a cnn contributor.   "you have to have conditions in place to move forward.   you have to keep it in perspective.”   “you have to look at your strengths and play the system to the players.”   "you have to make the cockpit like your own house for a week in the air," piccard said, telling the associated press he will keep a few small mementos from friends with him on the flight, though he declined to say what.   you have to obey their rules or you will be killed.   "you have to take care of each other to get through the war."   you have to understand that's what you're signing up for," he said.   "you have to understand that -- when i first auditioned for this show -- i only had part of the script.   you heart sinks, it's the first time you have spoken to her since you left, and it's bad news.   "you honestly can't take nothing for granted," said lacy, whose team-leading rushing output is a mere yards in of games played.   "you just have to move forward, you know?   you just want to be there for the family."   you know, a child takes a hit like that and they cry.   you know, "chase excellence in everything" and all those slogans we hear about in sports movies.   "you know, credit card fraud is so prevalent today and, you know, as a small business owner you assume that risk," explained van, a store employee.   "you know," he begins, but then he stops talking and walks across the lawn to an office building, where two women are leaning out a window, curious to see what is going on.   “you know,” his abductor said, “if you want to die, this is a good way to do it.”   you know how you get that feeling when that word is on the tip of your tongue?   you know, i go into used bookstores and buy my own books, because we give them away don’t we — sometimes out of sheer desperation?   you know the confederate flag represented slavery in a way -- that's my abstract take on what i know about it.   you know, we are trying to do outreach, we're trying to advertise, we're trying to expose students to the options.   you know what i’m talking about.   “you know what it is about you?” he said, staring across the table.   you know who we’re talking about.   you know why there's only six?   "you know you got four people carrying him, if one person slips or rolls an ankle everybody could come down the steps," said alexander.   you'll be able to plug in an external usb drive to boost the amount of space for your fire tv apps and games — if you've somehow already managed to exceed the built-in storage, that is.   you'll be moved even if you saw it coming.   "you'll find out in the near future," he said. . mike huckabee could go to jail for her ok, legally huckabee probably can't step in for davis if she is ordered back to jail, but it's worth noting that he says he is willing to go.   you'll have to convince your town to follow selena gomez's sage advice: if you want it, come and get it.   you’ll see lot’s of coho in the tributary streams if you look carefully along the underbrush on the stream edges.   "you'll see that they're completely unaffected," said levett.   you look across the board, not just with female athletes but with fortune companies, and women that are in top executive positions all played some kind of sports growing up.   "you look at chase utley, the intangibles, i think he's a special player and can make our team better," roberts said.   you look in their eyes," said mucha.   "you look out our front window, the entire street is lit up," said wellwood.   you look out the window, or you get too close, and the reality of the situation -- the world you will soon be leaving behind -- intrudes.   you make a priority in your life.   you may also get your dog a ticket for $, because it's pups in the park day!   you may also import a list of locations from a csv, xlsx, or kml (map) file.   you may assume from the name itself that aftershocks are simply continued reverberations of the main seismic shock, the earthquake.   you may bring your own pets to meet new potential housemates as long as your dogs are leashed.   you may find a slight lag when opening files from within the dropbox folder ─ but the lag isn't bad enough to prevent this integration from being incredibly handy.   you may need to make some nips and tucks over time.   you mean to tell me it can happen? years?   "you measure your strength on everything and go back and forth the between hesitation and confidence."   you might design novelty cushions, or write batman stories, or start a twitter account dedicated to fact-checking politicians.   “you might play the game a bit, but you would never put a patient at risk,” he says.   you might surprise yourself.   you must be a teacher or a student age or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call!   you need continuous innovation in all elements of your product line to stay ahead, or your startup will be quickly left in the dust.   you need drive as well as the ability to motivate others.   “‘you need more than that’, he said, so went to his wallet and gave her £.”   you need some money in the bank and maybe transportation, then you need a hot tub and a massive high-definition tv and an awesome car.   “you need to intertwine those perspectives so you can understand the negative ramifications of decisions you make on energy.”   younews bits of summer by tessie published: aug , at : am mdt last updated: aug , at : am mdt these are pretty places in the farm country west of boise.   younews my horse "woodie" had a visiter.   youngblood said it had been a long and expensive few weeks.   young champions self defense classes are held every monday night at bailey elementary school.   younger shoppers were especially unlikely to use credit cards; % of millennials said they would do most of their holiday shopping with debit cards, and % said they preferred cash.   young, gay and homeless: why some parents reject their children interested in being a foster parent?   young improved to - this year.   young people held a march with signs calling for peace.   young people of color are also overrepresented among homeless youths, representing to percent of those accessing services despite people of color making up only percent of king county’s total population.   young readers were the first to shift to mobile and the first to embrace social platforms, and they have become reliable first indicators of major trends that ultimately affect our entire audience.   young said the legislation has been in place for six years, but people still speed past roadside vehicles.   young 'vulnerable to bank scams' rail fare rises come into effect the enemy's face when soldiers are taught to kill, what does their target look like?   “you obviously don’t want it to be a pathologic thing that's going to set you up for fractures, which is what this paper in particular is addressing,” he said.   you opened the chromat show for fashion week in and it was quite a revolutionary moment.   you order at the counter and the proteins are priced by the pound.   "you owe everyone in china an apology," the newspaper said in an editorial.   you practically had to strap on a surgical mask to make the thing work the way it was supposed to.   you probably wouldn't even get any of this: flip through the leisurama now book, which has more photos, right here.   your architect can provide test fits to determine if a new or existing building footprint best fits your needs.   “your attempt to bring hate to this community, to bring terror to this community, has failed,” ryan said sternly before sentencing miller to die by lethal injection.   your belty smart belt will automatically let itself out a few notches (the maker is still figuring out what to charge for it, but says it's a "luxe" product for "upscale" customers, so, expensive).   your best defense is taking precautions on your own to prevent theft and becoming your own security guard for your financial life.   your comment has been received and will appear on the site shortly.   your comment will only be submitted if the strings match.   "you're being authentic and genuine by helping someone, but as a byproduct or side-effect, there are these very interesting health benefits.   "you're being told that you should be there for your safety and for baby's safety, yet being there can possibly feel so wrong," she said.   you're getting it on like never before!   you're going to die soon," louisiana state police colonel michael edmonson told reporters on sunday.   "you're going to get that higher-tier prospect because of that performance today."   you're going to make bogeys," said oosthuizen.   you're having a hard time tonight," he told rand paul, who scolded at trump for originally supporting a single-payer heath care system.   “you’re losing a barrel today to get two or three barrels tomorrow,” said allen gilmer, chief executive officer of consultant drilling info inc. in austin.   you're not alone.   you're not alone despite reports that the u.s. economy is recovering, a new study suggests that nearly two-thirds of americans are losing sleep over financial problems.   "you're not going to find a guy who is more decent than joe biden is," he said.   "you're seeing these desperate cases of parents sending their children ahead at really young ages," fleming said.   you're storing all your eggs in one basket.   your father was a pastor in the church at the time that martin luther king was there and there's a dramatic picture of him and dr king.   your first move should always be to contribute enough to your retirement accounts to get the full employer match.   your home life creates and influences unique perspectives at work, and work can give you a different perspective on your life.   you ride the metro to work-not alone, but with fellow parisians that are also making their way across the city.   your letter will be posted direct to your home address.   your life may depend on it.   your little one's favorite fruits and juices are best consumed earlier in the day.   your love life could be dramatic now and find you juggling many partners, try to be more impersonal so it doesn’t blow up in your face.   your opinion about how you think your behavior affects others isn't sufficient.   your pegan meal plan ready to give the pegan diet a go?   your pic is much more inline than somebody claiming % content.   your pictures: myanmar direct september last updated at : readers' pictures of myanmar as part of the bbc world service myanmar direct season.   your profile has been deleted.   your reminder will be sent andy borowitz is a new york times best-selling author and a comedian who has written for the new yorker since .   your shopping is being delivered very early in the morning, you have to work or take the kids to school, you're going to start running, actually for real this time.   your video begins in trump's lead begins to slip in two iowa recent polls, ben carson has begun to eclipse donald trump.   your voters also say we need this as a priority,' and i think that's what we did today."   "you say you care about low-income workers, about working women and small businesses?"   you see, his th birthday was the day before and this marked spencer’s th parade.   you see it at birth and plan accordingly.”   you see the nuances of actually making something." said pedro lopez, a grade student at w.c. miller collegiate.   you see there aren't many cub scout packs that can work with kids on the autism spectrum which is why deanna pearson started one herself.   you see vats of the stuff from the comfort of your couch, while you're watching pro football, hockey and baseball.   you should get your sesame as soon as may if candy house hits its funding goal, so you won't have to wait long if you're itching to upgrade your entrance.   you should go consult a psychologist."   "you should not go in there, it is full of migrants," one security guard said.   "you shouldn't force a positive interpretation on every instance of suffering," she writes.   you should shoot it for real," he says.   "you struggle to find words to describe what you feel," he said.   you support what the president has done already.   "you then compromised and put in jeopardy the safety and welfare of sick and vulnerable people."   you thought everything was secure.   youth take the opportunity to talk about issues that relate to their everyday lives, with the facilitation of a male volunteer. - ext . www.lamberthouse.org rainbow duplicate bridge. pm.   you've been granted all the things in life you want to do, and when one person pulls the rug out from under you, it's the worst," dean deleo told rolling stone in .   you've been warned the steps for protecting yourself from business identity theft will likely sound very similar to those that are used to protect yourself from personal identity theft.   you’ve found a great crank in account management.   "you've got a lot of high-resolution imagery of people's property and stuff that you're flying over," in addition to causing clutter in the sky.   you've got to be so brave to change that bowling line-up," former south africa spinner pat symcox told local radio.   you've got to do things harder."   “you’ve got to trust your teammates,” rangers defenseman ryan mcdonagh said.   you've just got to be prepared for an adventure.   youve made it possible for people to connect.   you’ve never gone into a postseason with this much confidence that the seahawks will play in the nfc title game.   "you've probably heard of micro-breweries.   you've read your last complimentary article this month.   you've sacrificed enough for a low airfare.   "you want to be there," he says.   you want to know there is a woman under there.”   you went to the bathroom.   "you will add a lot of excitement, especially with the realisation of what the area has gone through and fought through in this rebuilding and restoring something like normal life."   you will learn something new every time you docent, since visitors enjoy sharing their childhood memories of the mountains with the docents, too.   "you will neva hear me bad-mind nobody about their finsac house."   "you will never be able to fill the void of a life taken with money."   "you will," promises batman.   “you will see him in a video,” he said.   you will walk out of this workshop designed for all genders, sexual orientations, singles and couples with some wonderful ideas about how to create the playful, hot and sexy in your bedroom and beyond.   you would have to provide an alternative to them.   "you would never dry up that revenue stream unless someone is making promises they ought not to be making."   “you wouldn’t believe how ingrained not using this time had become in them from past careers,” she said.   y.) police department and the erie county (n.   yuan yue said she applied for the exchange program because she is a fan of taiwanese band mayday.   yulia potekhina, , was struck at the intersection of bannister road and midlake boulevard s.e. at about : p.m. on dec. and the driver then "sped away," according to police.   yuri afanasiev: "the girl in the mountains is trying to jump up higher than traces from military plane."   yurkiw, , surpassed her previous best of fourth place, accomplished in december at lake louise, alta. she came off her remarkable - season needing knee surgery in the summer.   yussuff said he expects the liberals to repeal all of c- in early and do the same with another union-focused private member's bill, known as c-.   yves potvin, gardein's founder, also thinks veggie alternatives don't have to replicate meat, so long as they taste good.   y., who co-sponsored the rule, in a statement.   zac efron, robert de niro star in 'dirty grandpa' trailer days ago los angeles, oct. (upi) -- zac efron and robert de niro party with aubrey plaza during spring break in daytona beach, fla., in a first trailer for new comedy "dirty grandpa."   zacks equity research : why is amazon opening a bookstore?   zack sucher made nine birdies to take the first-round lead at the barracuda championship at the montreux golf and country club in reno, nevada, on thursday.   zada's attorneys have not responded to messages seeking comment.   zaffagnini told cnn that the rockers quickly played in sync after practicing together only a few times.   zai bennett, director of sky atlantic, says: “in fortitude, there are polar bears to residents.   zain rajani, the picture of health, was born at five pounds four ounces just under a month ago.   zakka was last seen leaving his hotel in a taxi for the airport to fly to beirut, but he never boarded his flight, according to a statement last week signed by lebanese lawyer antoine abou dib.   zambrano-montes' death caused protests and unrest in pasco, and was also captured on many cell-phone videos.   zarif and his entourage returned to tehran on wednesday morning, a day after iran and the west reached a historic nuclear deal.   zarif: the source of instability in this region is a short-sighted attempt to arm and finance extremist groups like daesh (the "islamic state"), the al-nousra front and al-qaida.   zarine khan, mother of the -year-old man facing a terrorist charge for trying to join islamic state militants says the group is "brainwashing" youths via social media.   zdnet has reached out to airbnb for further comment.   zdnet japan headline エンタープライズ・コンピューティングの最前線を配信 builder by zdnet japan international business sites the japanese edition of 'zdnet' is published under license from cbs interactive, inc., san francisco, ca, usa.   zdnet multiplexer merges various perspectives, media types, and data sources and synthesizes them into one clear message, via a sponsored blog.   zdnet's monday morning opener is our opening salvo for the week in tech.   zealand believes it's an issue that's not going away.   zeidenberg could not be reached for comment late on friday.   zelalem, the first arsenal player born after arsene wenger took charge of the gunners, could boost us prospects at next year’s rio de janeiro olympics, as well as the world cup in russia.   zero is a revolutionary email organizer app designed to help you deal with large quantities of mail while keeping your inbox clean with the inbox zero philosophy.   'zero-tolerance approach' prime minister david cameron called the report "hugely important", adding that tackling anti-semitism went "right to the heart of what we stand for as a country".   zhou's family has appointed lawyer yang jinzhu to act as a defence attorney but police have not allowed him to meet his client, the hong kong-based advocacy group rights defense network reported.   zia, her aides and opposition activists have denied involvement in the bus attack but did not immediately respond to the new police accusations.   zia issued the call for mass protests from inside her office, where she has been confined since saturday night after police cordoned off the area.   zillow brought them in nearly two years ago, and people reserve time on them, including conference rooms with two treadmills for walking meetings.   zillow itself acknowledges the problem, disclosing on its website that the “median error rate” nationwide is substantial — . percent.   zilverberg said he doesn't want to think about what could have happened if he hadn't woken up just seconds before the tree fell.   zimbabwe is seeking his extradition from the united states to be tried for poaching.   zimmer said he has spoken to peterson since he and gm rick spielman flew to houston to visit the running back at his home in march, but has not spoken to him recently.   ziva branstetter, an editor with the newspaper, said the new information doesn't undercut the world's reporting.   zoabi said he was referring to saudi arabia, qatar, turkey, and jordan -- which have all offered support to rebels fighting the government in the war estimated to have killed around , people.   zookeepers said they plan to move tori, who learned to smoke about a decade ago by imitating people, away from visitors who regularly throw lit cigarettes into her cage so they can watch and photograph her puffing away and exhaling smoke.   zuckerberg said on the earnings call that the average user was spending more time with the service on a daily basis.   zuckerberg was a key force behind the creation of fwd.us in , which aims to increase legal immigration and a path to citizenship for many current undocumented workers.   zuma made no direct mention of the financial downturn, saying only work was "continuing to grow the economy so that we can create jobs..   չորեքշաբթի, սեպտեմբերի usd↑. eur↓. rub↓. this page requires flash player version .. or higher.   亞證券) analyst filia lin said in a note to clients yesterday.   打發時間 (da fa shi jian) 例: they were really bored so they had to find a way to kill time.   新機能も 使いやすくなりました cnet is available in the following editions: もっと見るnew stories お使いのブラウザは最新版ではありません。   站出來 (zhan chu lai) 例: if you care about it, please come forward to voice your support.   」 クリップした記事をmyページから読むことができます here's my content オトバンクは月日、完全匿名性でライトノベルやアニメなどに興味のある“オタク”ユーザー向けのチャット＆コミュニケーションアプリ「にじがくっ！   順手牽羊 (shun shou qian yang) to take advantage of a crisis for personal gain 例: his new year’s resolution was to drop his bad habit of taking advantage all the time.  