   : autoplay autoplay copy this code to your website or blog moscow — timur the goat was meant to be nothing more than a tasty meal for amur, a siberian tiger living in a safari park.   : gmt - roadmap signed - the head of the un atomic watchdog says iran has signed a "roadmap" for probing suspected efforts to develop nuclear weapons, a key part of an overall accord with major powers.   moments from the iraq war photos a boy stands at the scene of a car bombing in front of the shaheen hotel in baghdad on january , .   a.m. from cyberspace to space itself, republican presidential candidate ben carson says "strength is really the defense against aggressiveness by others" from cyberspace to space itself.   hours meet the press with million in obamacare, is the repeal debate over?   photos: unveiled: afghan women past and present afghanistan: in the present – women wait to receive food aid during a u.n. world food program scheme in kabul in december .   . an unconfirmed report emerges that the hostage-taker at the supermarket is the person police were looking for in connection with the killing of a policewoman in a southern paris suburb on thursday.   -mm, sarah cooper has been charged with improper use of registration, no registration & no insurance offenses, as of - & --, respectively.   january last updated at : why would anyone want an eyeball tattoo?   photos: transgender identity in the news born female, brandon teena was living as a man in nebraska when he was raped and killed by two men in .   photos: x-men characters x-men characters – halle berry reprises her role as one of the x-men's most ubiquitous team members, storm.   photos: meet the faces of the new 'star wars' obviously, you can't have daniels' c-po without kenny baker's r-d.   - serves as the democratic national committee campaign chairman for the congressional elections.   the olympic torch is ignited during the montreal olympic games opening ceremony.   — the republic of china applies to join the u.n. separately from mainland china as the representative of taiwan and its related islands, saying that resolution was irrelevant to taipei's status.   action news compiled the all of the documents, which can be viewed below.   . are you concerned about the direction this country is headed?   's airasia crash will continue to affect travel in .   'dancing with the stars' contestants photos legendary soul singer patti labelle, who was partnered with pro dancer artem chigvintsev, will always be a winner in the music world.   model-year vehicle to discuss this topic, or any other automotive-related information, with a kelley blue book analyst on-camera via the company's on-site studio, please contact a member of the public relations team to book an interview.   inc (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) two moncton men are lobbying municipal councils in new brunswick for support to allow permanent residents of the province to vote in municipal elections.   photos: chris christie's career in photos christie speaks at a reform agenda town hall meeting at the new jersey manufacturers insurance company facility on march , , in hammonton, new jersey.   photos: gay celebs and marriage attorney justin mikita, left, and "modern family" star jesse tyler ferguson announced their engagement in via their website tietheknot.org and then married in july .   photos: jenner's journey: from bruce to caitlyn jenner attends the premiere of the reality show "keeping up with the kardashians" in with, from left, khloe kardashian, kim kardashian, kris jenner, kourtney kardashian and rob kardashian.   photos: photos: attack on u.s. mission in benghazi attack on u.s. mission in benghazi – u.s. president barack obama, with secretary of state hillary clinton on september , makes a statement at the white house about stevens' death.   photos: sequel mania: a guide to the next years of film when it comes to sequels, few have been as longed for as "finding dory," the next installment following disney/pixar's heartwarming film, "finding nemo."   -year-old college student blows her $, college fund and blames her parentsyahoo finance all-new luxury suvs ()askthis.orgsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   photos: photos: malaysia flight victims remembered malaysia flight victims remembered – john paulissen, his wife yuli hastini and their two children, martin arjuna and sri were all aboard the flight.   photos: badass women of sci-fi mal trusts no one more than his right-hand woman zoe, played by gina torres, in the beloved, short-lived series "firefly."   . how close do you sit in front of the tv when gaming?   photos: the most buzzworthy primetime shows of the fall "supergirl," premieres october , : p.m. et, cbs: as the fall season starts, this late october entry perhaps represents the biggest gamble of all.   . amash personally explains every vote he casts on his facebook page.   ） . catch wind v. phr.   . in , under pressure from india the u.s. took the kashmir issue off of the kashmir-af-pak negotiations that was so vital to any peace plan and regional stability.   . stir the polenta flour into the onion and cook, stirring continuously, for two to three minutes.   ) the language of lust guide highlights the importance of talking as well as how to talk to your man.   . we're able to identify a conversation early enough that we have time to not only develop content, but get that content approved both internally and by our client and get it in front of legal with enough time to publish before the conversation ends.   . you try to please everyone one way to reduce the chances of being rejected is by trying to please everyone.   photos: best images from whistling straits round four – the tearful -year-old was congratulated by his longtime caddy and mentor colin swatton on the th green.   photos: night of terror: paris attacks forensic police search for evidence inside the comptoir voltaire cafe after the attacks.   photos: world war ii in pictures u.s. marines of the th regiment, th division, raise the american flag atop mount suribachi, iwo jima, on february , .   hours politics rep. steve king, (r-ia) speaks during the freedom summit, saturday, jan. , , in des moines, iowa.   .) jesus was tough.   . kit-kats: kit-kats could be a little lower down on this list, but when a kit-kat melts, it is ruined forever.   rd district: if anyone has information regarding any of the reported incidents, please call south detective division at -- or submit a tip.   . the perils of email autofill the legislative committee on hydraulic fracturing delayed issuing its report until mid-january.   photos: the week in photos a boy sits in a makeshift flotation device in a flooded house in calumpit, philippines, on sunday, december . flooding has hit parts of the country after typhoon melor struck.   photos: two guys and their classic ride shijiazhuang to taian – our bmw was a little thirsty. photos: two guys and their classic ride shijiazhuang to taian – we met many local people along the way.   photos: what a shot! amazing sports photos houston's evan gattis throws gummy bears into his mouth after hitting a home run in oakland, california, on wednesday, september . a teammate handed him the snack at home plate.   photos: bill clinton's life and career the clintons, and their daughter chelsea, center, depart the white house on august , , with their dog buddy on their way to a two-week vacation in martha's vineyard, massachusetts.   . faith-inspired organizations help to spread the message of a healthy lifestyle - "which is the only affordable way to deal with non-communicable diseases of lifestyle, which are exploding in every nation around the world".   . its economic impact can be felt far and wide while it may not be able to quite match its footballing counterpart or the olympics, the rugby world cup is still an incredibly lucrative business for its host.   photos: hillary clinton's career in the spotlight andrew cuomo, eliot spitzer and clinton celebrate with a crowd of democratic supporters after their wins in various races november , , in new york.   photos: syria's civil war in pictures smoke rises over the streets after a mortar bomb from syria landed in the turkish border village of akcakale on october , .   photos: barack obama's presidency obama adjusts an umbrella held by a marine during a news conference with turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan in the rose garden of the white house in may .   photos: all grown up: child star transformations jones was a chubby-cheeked youth in at the premiere of his movie "bringing down the house."   . help someone else.   . if you think your child is troubled about something or may have a mental health issue, it's always worth seeking professional advice.   . skim off excess oil.   . that post-credits scene suddenly, we see gillian anderson's sometimes-accomplice bedelia sitting down to dinner.   . the risk of losing greece to russia greece has been a member of nato since , but also has commercial, cultural and religious ties with russia.   things to know about measles more from opinion opinion: jordan's executions of jihadists could backfire isis has miscalculated agony of defeat: for seahawks, will it last forever?   ways virtual reality can transform business more from world why we have daylight savings time it's a $. billion industry.   . you care more about your success than their's.   . cariforum and the eu welcomed progress made in implementing the epa, and in particular the duty-free quota-free market access for cariforum exports to the eu, as well as the tariff cuts made by cariforum states.   photos: emmy nominations outstanding lead actress in a comedy series – laughs galore with emmys' picks for the funniest women on tv.   mistakes you're making at your open house american ghost towns home values point to wide wealth gap within us cities associated press time for baby boomers to take out reverse mortgages?   photos: stormtroopers scale the great wall of china for 'star wars' trailer debut the event took place at the juyong pass -- or juyongguan -- of the great wall of china.   photos: tips from a caviar concierge chill – once you purchase your caviar, there's about a six-week window to enjoy it.   . singapore – the second most popular city in east asia with visitors, singapore is expected to see . million visitors in .   . we're all about katy perry today, apparently.   ) you'll learn to maintain a strategic distance from the sustenances that close down the fat smoldering machine.   of what to see at design shanghai photos mrt design – shanghai's mrt design has launched a line of furniture made of architectural materials, like this concrete table.   /: then and now ( photos) yahoo news photographer gordon donovan recently returned to the scenes of many memorable images taken in new york city on sept. , .   " percent, percent, whatever the figure is, which will be of no particular relevance to the investigation," lewis said.   photos: michael stokes' photos of wounded warriors redmond ramos, a navy corpsman, lost a leg after stepping on an ied.   photos: osama bin laden's compound contractor yusufzai looks at a bathtub left over from the demolition on may , . photos: osama bin laden's compound children play cricket near the site of the demolished compound.   -year-old girl critically injured after car crashes into lax terminal a -year-old girl is in critical condition and two others were injured after a car crashed into the departures area in terminal at the los angeles international airport sunday.   a article in the ohio history journal tells of multiple invasions of graves in potters' fields, where unclaimed bodies and poor people were buried.   a study in the american journal of cardiology showed that appreciation and positive emotions are linked with changes in heart rate variability.   a -year-old, non-national male from turubah city developed symptoms on june and was admitted to hospital on july.   a -year-old man who left for china on a business trip on tuesday, a day after his father was diagnosed with the virus, was confirmed today to have been infected, it said.   a -year-old female from arar city developed symptoms on march and was admitted to hospital on march.   a -year-old, healthy couple can expect to spend $, over the course of their retirement on medicare premiums alone, according to healthview services.   a: al-qaida in the arabian peninsula, which washington considers to be the group's most dangerous branch, has been thriving in the fallout of the houthis' offensive across central yemen, where sunni tribesmen predominate.   abby wambach announces retirementyahoo sports bindi irwin's risque 'dancing with the stars' tango leaves derek hough feeling uneasyetonline escape to lanzarote this autumn.   abdeslam's older brother has urged the suspect, who was last seen driving toward the belgian border hours after the attacks, to turn himself over to authorities.   abdrabbuh mansour hadi - the president fled abroad in march as the rebels advanced on aden, where he had taken refuge in february.   abdullah has outlived two other half-brothers who held the crown prince post.   a beautiful, thoughtfully engineered chunk of heavy metal.   abeer hallak of mesquite attended the rally and said she was surprised by the strident nature of the demonstration.   a "behind the scenes" youtube video.   a biochemical profile is created for each astronaut in the investigation.   "a bit of bullying, a bit of sexual comments that you hear a lot and some women don't take it as well and some women are saying, 'i just need to have someone on the end of the line to call someone when i have a bad day,'" she says.   a blow to confidence most important, the decision would be a blow to confidence in government.   abortion uruguay film click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   a botulism antitoxin arrived this week from the centers for disease control and prevention to treat those who are ill.   about , of those jobs were in the private sector.   about , of the luxury cars are fitted with the illegal software device, regulators said.   about percent of marijuana buds fail tests and can’t be sold in recreational pot stores, according to liquor control board data.   about guests are packed into the university cultural centre for the funeral, the state funeral organising committee said.   about , visitors come up each winter, while summer totals are closer to ,.   about percent of bes wins in the first quarter were multiplatform.   about , positions were added last month, much higher than the , predicted by analysts, as the jobless rate ticked down from an adjusted . percent in april.   about . square miles had burned, leingang said.   about hostages, including more than members of the iraqi security forces, were liberated in the helicopter assault, which involved u.s. special operations troops as well as kurdish and iraqi forces, u.s. officials said.   about a handful of other referendum elections have been held on the reservation, including one that rejected a tribal takeover of federal health care services and three on tribal casinos.   about a thousand were killed on the spot — including nukic's father and brother.   about five hours after knowlton was shot, detectives went to first presbyterian church on south th street, where chancellor was known to hang out, and found the box truck parked next to a mobile home, the papers say.   about soldier ride® soldier ride® began in when civilian chris carney cycled more than , miles coast-to-coast in support of wwp.   “about two or three weeks ago i saw people making love in the grass a couple of metres from the play area.   about westbury bancorp, inc. westbury bancorp, inc. is the holding company for westbury bank.   above all, the nstu is terribly afraid of losing some of the generous benefits and contract language it has accumulated over decades.   abraham applied to have her case dismissed earlier this month saying the court process was a huge stress for her.   a brilliant filmmaker, he brought quality & depth of character to every movie he made.   a budding photographer, verdi was on the lookout for a project and the club captured his imagination.   academic research wasn’t enough, though; the foundation wanted to get inside the clinics where women were making birth control choices and ensure they were aware of, and could afford, the most reliable options.   a cairo court last month banned militant soccer fan groups as terrorist organizations.   a camera lens smaller than mm detects a watcher's stare, and a computer algorithm maps exactly where they're looking.   a campaign group said that . million people had signed a petition calling on the european union to suspend glyphosate approval pending further assessment.   a car can heat up degrees in just minutes, according to the national highway traffic safety administration, and a child's body temperature can rise up to five times faster than an adult's.   a cashier notified police which dispatched an officer to investigate.   according to afp, kiribati suffers from a range of environmental problems linked to climate change, including storm surges, flooding and water contamination.   according to a report in to google, the next google glass is an enterprise version.   according to a report in the times, this isn't enough for many leaders of the black community, who held a meeting last week on "what to do about mayor bill de blasio."   according to capital, the mayor has plans to close prospect park's west drive to vehicular traffic, though the east drive will remain open.   according to christian bök, there are four ways to be a poet.   according to city news service, o'farrell said that he grew up being taught that columbus was a “great man.”   according to city of winnipeg officials, a maintenance backlog is causing a shortage of buses available for peak service times.   according to court documents, the charges of distributing child pornography are related to incidents that allegedly occurred between last january and march.   according to data from the oecd, japanese women's participation in the labor force is around percent, far lower than in other developed countries.   according to doug schultz, a spokesman for the minnesota department of health, chipotle (cmg) has been responsive and cooperative during the investigation into contaminated produce.   according to espn.   according to gomez, what if buildings not only reduced their emissions, but actually absorbed co?   according to jerry burris, a political reporter and co-author of the dream begins, a book about how hawaii shaped obama, politicians in hawaii are supposed to be mild-mannered and humble.   according to matthew willsher, the chief executive officer, etisalat nigeria, “etisalat prize for literature serves as a platform for the discovery of new creative writing talents out of the african continent.”   according to multiple recruiting services, penn state was expected to have its entire signing class on campus along with four other undecided recruits.   according to opensecrets, he has given more than $ million in political donations since .   according to outdoorsy, more than percent of american households own an rv.   according to shah, tahir hussain minhas, who masterminded the ismaili killings, was a trained terrorist with expertise in bomb-making.   according to soshnick, the union sees such funding as a long-term investment that will generate even more stadium revenue, thereby expanding the salary cap and returning the benefit to players.   according to the agreed statement of facts, “all of the accused’s descriptions of (her daughter’s) abilities to move and walk, as well as the amount they ate, is, as borne out by the medical evidence, patently false.   according to the company, approximately one in three women in the united states has low sexual desire, and about one in women feels distressed about it.   according to the ex, "pearce allegedly had a stolen parking meter in his residence."   according to their children, ron and donna, don had a son from a previous marriage named dennis wayne who passed away in .   according to the league's website, the program "focuses on providing talented new york city baseball players an affordable opportunity to improve their skills, extend their sportsmanship and compete at the highest levels of play."   according to the ministry of foreign affairs, dozens of foreign delegations are scheduled to attend events this week in celebration of the roc’s th birthday.   according to the report, the ig did find, however, that "small payments were made to individuals in return for information relating to sgt. bergdahl's captors, location or physical condition.   according to the syrian observatory for human rights monitoring group, people were drawing water from wells.   according to this report “the volume of loans that marketplace lenders have extended has doubled every year since and hit $ billion last year, according to morgan stanley analysts.   according to ukrainian intelligence, his staff is in donetsk.   according to vice, at least , people in the u.s. have been killed by police in the last year.   according to wallace, tiversa did this by using phony ip addresses -- on the orders of tiversa's ceo, bob boback.   according to zhang, xi had said that without the “ocean pacifying pillar” of that foundation, the cross-strait process would meet choppy waters during the course of its peaceful development.   according to zoo officials, the power was restored sunday evening, although repairs will need to continue over the next few days.   a cctv image shows the trio entering an elevator as they prepared to leave.   acheampong is a terrific player and i was confident putting him in. i wasn't worried about putting him in the team.   a chinese people's liberation army cadet sits in a main battle tank during a demonstration at the pla's armoured forces engineering academy base, july , .   a collapsible metal ramp the state purchased for abbott to ascend the dais in the house and senate is among the few modifications made to accommodate a governor in a wheelchair.   a commission official said the online polls are for reference purposes, since the final decision on the matter will be made by election authorities alone.   a commonly used one is the standard and poor’s stock index, which is the value of stocks that is tracked every day on the financial markets.   a couple celebrates at san francisco city hall upon hearing about the u.s. supreme court rulings on same-sex marriage in june .   a couple of meters away was tim mälzer, germany's answer to jamie oliver.   a craze for roller skating has hit kenya, fueled by its growing middle class and a love for speed.   across all specialties, only u.s. hospitals performed well enough to be nationally ranked in one or more specialties.   acting as queen bee of the group is their teacher, christian mackinnon, who runs the botwood mountain bike club.   action film star maggie q and orthopedic surgeon-turned-shoe mogul taryn rose are also vietnamese-american.   actor meshach taylor , died at his home near los angeles.   actress, drama series: viola davis, "how to get away with murder," abc.   actually it's not surprising that he expects people to believe his story.   a cultural heritage management plan has been produced to guide activities related to archaeology.   a date for that hearing has not yet been set.   a day after organizers for the austin-based media festival announced that it had canceled the panels after receiving threats of violence, buzzfeed and vox media both said that they plan to withdraw from the annual event.   a day earlier osborne agreed with top chinese officials in beijing to study the linking of trading on the london and shanghai bourses, and the possibility of china's central bank issuing short-term bonds denominated in the yuan currency in london.   ad choices link your subscription already have a login?   additionally, he remarked that a wide gap exists in respect of succession planning.   additionally, she is a senior policy advisor and expert on health economic analyses mainly focusing on medicare, medicaid and health reform, specifically as they impact vulnerable populations.   additionally, she wants to see more culturally appropriate protocols and procedures put in place.   additionally, the charging unit is staffed around the clock in the widener building.   add that to spacious suites with floor-to-ceiling windows and a beautiful spa and you're officially ready to treat yourself.   add the crisis in ukraine that has plunged relations with russia to their lowest point since the cold war, and the looming threat of a possible british exit from the eu in a referendum due by , and the problems mount.   "a decision in favour of heathrow expansion is really just a decision in favour of delay and fudge," he added.   aden (afp) - an overnight drone strike killed three suspected al-qaeda militants in yemen, a country where the united states is the only power operating the unmanned aircraft, a tribal source said monday.   a derozan dunk cut the lead to - with seconds remaining, but westbrook made a pair of free throws and derozan missed a shot from three point range to seal toronto's fate.   a discussion group that is strictly focused on sexual topics and relationship issues related to being a gay male. -; www.sasgcc.org debauchery.   adjusted earnings totaled cents per share.   adopting these two strategies will help you be better able to reframe stressful events.   a drop of around million by , according to estimates from the german government statistics agency, destatis.   adult entry costs £ and child entry is £.   aduriz has only one cap to his credit for spain, which he earned as a substitute for the final minutes of a - win over lithuania in .   advertised as an "alternative" to marijuana, synthetic marijuana is a class of designer drugs made up of psychoactive chemicals that are sprayed onto plant material and then smoked or eaten to produce a high.   advice: if you still haven't fully prepared for the night on the town when you are considering reaching for the uber app, do everyone a favor and wait until you're photo-ready before you tap your phone for your ride.   advisory council: members of the berggruen institute's st century council and council for the future of europe serve as the advisory council -- as well as regular contributors -- to the site.   a dvla spokesman said: "we are very sorry for the inconvenience caused to mrs southfield who did exactly the right thing in taxing the vehicle as soon as she bought it.   a: efinaconazole (jublia) is a new topical antifungal medication that is being widely advertised on television.   a european commission spokesman said friday that fighting the smuggling of migrants would "continue to be a priority" of the eu in .   a european source said the "first priority is to reach a deal on what happens after february ", the date to which greece's bailout was extended by its creditors at the end of last year.   a&e wants more episodes of 'bates motel' day ago los angeles, june (upi) -- a&e network says it has ordered more episodes of the acclaimed drama series "bates motel," which stars vera farmiga and freddie highmore.   a federal judge issued a preliminary injunction in february against dapa and the expansion of daca, and the u.s. court of appeals for the th circuit is currently considering whether to allow that injunction to stand.   a federal judge says a former bartender charged with threatening to kill house speaker john boehner is competent to stand trial.   a few hours later, about , people gathered at a square in front of parliament, in response to a call on social media for a show of solidarity with the government.   a few hours later, aurora officers responding to a call were shot at.   a few minor characters like miss moneypenny, m and q, have been part of the picture for years and have long been cult.   a few months from now, spacex says it will put the crew dragon through another in-flight abort test from vandenberg air force base in california.   a few snowboarders, including graham merwin, took advantage of this late-season snowfall and hiked up the high mountains.   a few times, the children were taken to see her at a mcdonald’s, but then those visits stopped.   a few weeks ago, they shared a friendly sushi dinner with some relatives in malibu, california.   afghan forces struggle to retake kunduz from the taliban afghan forces struggle to retake kunduz from the taliban : "we can't rely on foreign forces.   afghanistan's interior ministry spokesman sediq sediqqi said wednesday night that the kandahar attack was over.   a final blow came earlier this week after the new york stock exchange moved to delist the company's battered shares.   a fine speaker, i saw him as a clearly ambitious and calculating politician.   a fire might only render your family homeless, as opposed to a storm that renders the whole neighborhood homeless.   a fire weather watch means that critical fire weather conditions are forecast to occur and to watch for red flag warnings.   a first-degree murder conviction comes with an automatic life sentence with no chance of parole for at least years.   a flat market implies a decline of % in overall earnings per capita (real dollars) which isn't very likely.   a florida atlantic spokeswoman said the school would not comment beyond its dec. statement that announced the start of termination proceedings.   a formal decision to renew the eu sanctions on russia's financial, energy and defense sectors is expected to be taken when the leaders next meet on june and .   african gray crowned crane an african gray crowned crane (balearia regulorum) -an endangered species- and her two-month old baby are seen at the santa fe zoo in medellin, colombia, feb. , .   a frigate at russia's baltic sea naval base at baltiysk in its kaliningrad enclave was the venue chosen by rogozin and president vladimir putin on sunday to underscore the doctrine's release.   after about miles, runners follow a loop back to the finish line on the virginia beach boardwalk.   "after a less-than-stellar solo career, brown and his former bandmates enjoyed a revival when you sexy thing featured in the full monty."   after all, the former mayor and his defense team followed the book.   after an age when all photos were said to lie, we seem to have returned, in this glum digital era, to an unquestioning faith in photographs: take a picture, or it didn’t happen.   after another defensive stop, durant put the game away when he took a pass from westbrook and threw down a dunk baseline to give oklahoma city an -point cushion with : to go.   after another insult, (but this time specific to rosie o'donnell), he admitted his insults were not just about her, saying he was "sure" it was well beyond rosie o'donnell.   after a weeklong review of the situation, experts from the world health organization and south korea on saturday downplayed the possibility of the country's mers outbreak turning into a pandemic.   after been given consent from long to search his house, officer grinnell found a small baggie of methamphetamine.   after big events in berkeley, such as football games at the university of california, hundreds of cars would back up for hours waiting to board the ferry for the trip back to san francisco.   after challenging the actress to a race around universal studios, conan fell and bumped his head, giving himself a concussion.   after day you can get the healthiest option unity to get salad you can get a quite that's where thing.   after dozens of tests, they found dna from hymenolepis nana, the dwarf tapeworm, in the man’s tumor in mid-.   after eliminating users who didn’t make their tweets public, who hadn’t tweeted recently or who didn’t tweet very often, they were able to analyze , tweets by , republicans and , tweets by , democrats.   after filling, tape the top of the bottle closed with duct tape or tape that will not tear.   after george's initial report, much of the irs's top leadership was forced to retire or resign, including lerner.   after graduating, dow moved to new york city to work with the likes of dance greats hanya holm and martha graham and acting mentors like michael shurtleff and uta hagen.   after her firing, twitty told the ap that she shared the messages as funny items she didn't consider offensive.   after her surgery, she was resigned to having chemotherapy, she said, and didn't feel she could afford the test.   "after june , we don't have an agreed deadline," a senior iranian diplomat told cnn on monday.   after noting that there is no "mechanism" for revoking the honor from cosby and after noting that he tends "to make it a policy not to comment on the specifics of an ongoing case," obama made a point about the cosby case and rape.   after reading charmaine's nomination, judges from kmfm and kent reliance decided they should be named kent emergency person of the year in the kent hero awards.   after regaining control of its facebook page, the network posted a brief message saying that: "this wednesday, our network, our websites, antennas and social media were 'hacked by an islamist group'" and that teams were working to restore service.   after rejecting the idea, judges set july as the date for opening statements to begin in the hague.   after samsung kicked off the wireless charging revolution with the galaxy s this year, many expected google would have to follow suit with its new nexus phones.   after several “pardon mes” and “coming throughs,” we got the tripod inside and forgot about the looming storm.   after six months of lessons, faraj joined the new york dancers for intense practice sessions in amman — preparing for his solo and for a performance with his two american mentors, sean scantlebury and mira cook.   after six years as an illegal immigrant in london, he was deported home to afghanistan, he said.   “after speaking with the police and my lawyer, i have pressed charges against aisleyne and am considering issuing a lawsuit against janice.   after starting in algaculture in , mondal says she is now able to save money for a rainy day.   after stints as a professional wrestler and worker at a n.w.t. diamond mine, tricoteaux moved to vancouver where he initially worked as a stuntman before landing his big break.   after sweeping south towards baghdad, the militants again turned their attention to the north in august, driving kurdish forces back toward their regional capital and seizing areas including sinuni.   after taking office, president clinton chose his wife to head a special commission on health care reform, the most significant public policy initiative of his first year in office.   after that, he found it tough to sustain drives against denver's defense, which is ranked no. against both the run and the pass and held mccarron to yards passing and the bengals to . yards a carry.   "after that," liu says, "i shifted my focus to heated social issues."   after the cash piles are sorted the family of three is left with only , roubles (£; $).   after the cavs swept the celtics, they advanced without love and not missed a beat.   after the massive explosion, which scientists believe rivaled a -megaton nuclear bomb, the volcanic debris caused vibrant red sunsets and the moon to have a bluish tint.   after the official opening of the clinic, physicians, medical students and medical residents gathered at canada's most famous port of entry for immigrants — pier — to protest the cuts.   after the paris attacks: — the omaha islamic center in nebraska reported that someone spray-painted a rough outline of the eiffel tower on an outside wall.   after tuesday a ridge of high pressure over new england should bring a stretch of fine weather and above normal temperatures for the remainder of the week.   after voting at a school attached to a military camp, the president called for people to patiently wait for results.   afterwards former prime minister tomiichi murayama complained that abe's statement did not clearly reflect or embrace the spirit of his historic statement that serves as the gold standard of japanese mea culpa.   after years of bullying angie, den watts finally met his match in chrissie, who gave as good as she got.   a g with russia though is an idea whose time has long passed.   against the lady bobcats, the offense wasn't the problem, it was the defense.   again the type of game they come out, get two or three chances and allows us to settle into the game and grab that first goal," wild coach mike yeo.   agents seized nearly rifle parts and several computers.   a german daily reports that berlin plans not to accord full refugee status to those fleeing syria's civil war.   aggressive copyright laws like the dmca compound that advantage, giving grounds to prosecute anyone who breaks through the car company's digital protections.   a good seller will build on that as opposed to repeating it.   a good show boys.   a government report issued wednesday showed that sales of new homes were basically flat in january, evidence that the relatively low mortgage rates and recent job gains have yet to spur the real estate market.   a graduate of yale and the university of chicago law school, she served as the hennepin county attorney from to .   a group of international affairs students launched gw’s chapter of the no lost generation campaign last month.   a growing number of paying customers are now picked up far from calais, sometimes "around paris, but also belgium or the netherlands," said arassus.   a gulf opens up between the real deaths it draws upon and its ability to fully represent them.   a half-inch adjustment in his putting grip has paid off at colonial, with only putts in each of the first two rounds.   a harborview spokesperson did not immediately return a call for information on the boy's condition.   "a hate crime is one of the most vile types of crime, because it is an attack upon identity and community," margaret parsons, executive director of the african-canadian legal clinic, said in a news release ahead of the press conference.   a healthy diet, like the mediterranean diet, is a good way to go.   a helicopter and officers were spotted searching the grounds of the hospital shortly after midday.   a higher snowpack translates to more water for california reservoirs to meet demand in summer and fall.   a high point of “submission” is françois’s miserable retreat at ligugé abbey, where huysmans took his vows.   ahmet davutoglu said evidence point to "a certain group" which refused to identify in a group interview on monday.   a host of political luminaries attended.   aides on both sides have pointed out that when the two leaders met in washington in september, there was a palpable chemistry.   aid workers from the group are on the ground, preparing to hand out food and water.   aig has since returned to financial health and fully repaid the bailout.   airbnb.com has a large listing of casas to choose from.   airbnb has been recruiting hosts in cuba for three months and plans to expand into other cities in the coming months.   air india grounds 'heavy' cabin crew more from karla cripps journeys with germs: what are the dirtiest things on an airplane?   "air shows should be over the sea," she said.   a) is a television broadcast company headquartered in atlanta, georgia, that owns and operates television stations and leading digital assets in markets throughout the united states.   a: it was a challenging year for us for sure.   a judge said as a business, ashers was not exempt from discrimination law.   a jury on friday found them not guilty on the involuntary manslaughter charges, but kenny was convicted of cruelty to an inmate.   alanna durkin view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   a large protest that started at the mal … the protesters left the mall wednesday afternoon and were walking toward a light-rail train station outside the massive suburban minneapolis mall.   alaska said that “in exceptional cases” if a hoverboard is somehow required as a mobility aid, then it could be allowed on board.   a lawsuit has been filed against the museum.   a. law': where are they now? photos susan ruttan played arnie becker's long-suffering secretary, roxanne melman, on "l.   alberta health minister stephen mandel has said what the college is doing infringes on paramedics' rights.   alberta's ndp government announced the formation of the panel on friday.   alcocer said the first surgery already has impacted his life in a powerful way.   ” “alderman arena asked me to pass on to you an answer to your question regarding repealing the rule that says food trucks must be feet away from a restaurant in order to operate.   a lengthy fight could hurt poland's image as a model of post-communist transition.   alesha told her she fell in love with her before she even started, and simon said he felt like he was being “welcomed into heaven”.   alexander, whose parents are christians, attributes his unique talent as being "a gift from god."   alexion shares were off more than percent at $., signaling investor dissatisfaction with the price the company agreed to pay for synageva.   alex sullivan was killed while celebrating his th birthday and wedding anniversary in the july attack.   alfred, lord tennyson editor’s note: this is the second of three columns on new year’s resolutions.   alibaba has been seeking to strengthen its electronics offerings in recent years, inking tie-ups with gome electrical appliances holding ltd and haier electronics group co ltd to offer home appliances online.   "a lift in average transaction prices can be attributed to consumers' continued interest in buying trucks and suvs," said alec gutierrez, senior analyst for kelley blue book.   alisha valavanis, the storm’s president and general manager, said numerous candidates were considered, but boucek was a front-runner from the start of the search process.   a list of people, including colleagues and passengers who had sat close to him on the hong kong-bound flight, has been drawn up.   a little over a year ago, cramer warned that sand plays were in danger.   alki david, who is the ceo of hologram usa, also founded filmon.   all individuals on the wealth-x hollywood rich list are male film producers and directors.   all students, staff and sailing crew on board escaped safely, spending almost two days in a life raft before being picked up.   all ‘ale the ladies happy hour at the black squirrel, to p.m. celebrate the women of craft beer with this meet-and-greet happy hour featuring women in the craft beer industry.   all around me, tree limbs shake.   all construction contracts went to greek companies, he says.   all contributions will go directly to the organization's partner hospitals.   all curry did since then was win the -point contest at all-star weekend, capture the nba's most valuable player award and help lead the warriors to its first championship in years.   "all forces are on alert," tsipras said, noting that the hot, dry and windy conditions made firefighting more difficult.   all in all, taiwan has very good healthcare.   all items will be sold or otherwise disposed of.   all it takes is an annoyed neighbor's complaint and the code enforcement will be knocking on the door to the landlord's rental property.   all offered a warm welcome for the new business, an operation that has resulted in six new jobs for the local community.   “all of our stuff, including paper, has emotional attachment for people, and they come up with the same sort of excuses for why they need to keep it,” she says.   all of that makes sense to me.   all of these abuses must be stopped," he said.   all of these goals can require serious cash -- and now is the time to start getting it together.   all of this has lead me as a professional social worker to reflect on why it so difficult for us as a society to hear the lived truth of victims of sexual violence?   "all of those things, i'd say, are enormous victories or huge steps, and those came about because of brittany's story," diaz said.   all our stories are at bbc.   allowing it would give "women who carry these mutations greater reproductive choice," he said.   all personnel at the refinery have been accounted for, and officials say the fire is contained, though it continues to burn as allen county firefighters attempt to douse the flames.   all seven marines involved in the crash were based out of camp lejuene, an expansive north carolina base that is home to seven major marine commands, one navy command and a total of about , active deputy, dependent, retired and civilian personnel.   all six pleaded not guilty.   allstar said it has already made changes to its business to make costs easier to understand.   all the evidence shows that a healthy meal helps with that.   "all the evidence suggests he acted in self-defence," corey said.   all the way by talsounds contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   all those qualities added up to a coach that was able to get the best out of so many football players, and earn the respect and admiration of players and fans alike.   all told, the saga spanned four nights and took some eight hours or so.   all told, this was a terrific, exciting, tense episode.   all were cleared and released by authorities.   almost all of the new arrivals came to the austrian town of nickelsdorf, on the border with hungary, before boarding buses and trains that took them to emergency accommodations elsewhere.   along a windy stretch of old belfair highway, at an obscure curve in the road, bremerton police officer jd miller spotted something along the shoulder that just didn't look right.   along the route east from california, drivers would slow down to read his signs on his rickshaw and then come back with food they prepared for him at home.   along with her fellow emmy®-nominated choreographers, holker prepared a piece that was performed at this year's primetime emmy awards with neil patrick harris.   a look at his preakness victories: the preakness seems like a bonus for baffert after coming up with a derby win two weeks earlier to ease the disappointment of a photo-finish loss to grindstone in ‘.   a look at the distribution of seats in the present parliament makes this abundantly clear.   "a lot of knives will have a little spring assist so when you push it open with your thumb, the knife will open up pretty much by itself."   a lot of people are disputing that climate change is a reality because they don't see everybody going under water.   "a lot of people would agree with stop-and-frisk if it’s for the safety among us.   a lot of that is on me, throwing picks and stuff like that, fumbling, things we haven’t done that much this year.”   "a lot of the problem is that people get in their respective corners.   a lot of things that were once hand painted are now being replaced by stickers," explained suman.   a love of certain musicians or bands seems to drive many impulsive tattoo requests.   al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb and other jihadist groups also carry out operations in the area, including the murders of french journalists ghislaine dupont and claude verlon.   • al-rishawi is an iraqi prisoner on death row in jordan for her role in bombings.   also demand that the berkeley city council adopt a paid sick leave ordinance.   also evident from the analysis, experts say, is that people across the country are eating less fruit.   "also i'm male, so i'll never get pregnant," he joked.   also killed when their mobile home in ripley was swept away late saturday were two of kennard's children, -year-old gabriel barrios and -year-old rosa barrios.   also on monday, german prosecutors said they were looking into, but not yet formally investigating, claims that germany bribed football officials to win the right to host the world cup.   also, since ocean waters are unusually warm, that will also prevent the temps from cooling down very much in the evenings.   also wednesday, the border patrol said undocumented immigrants were hidden behind a fake wall inside a commercial truck at a checkpoint in falfurrias, about miles north of the border.   alternatively, operators could use the approach to purify their transmissions by removing extra photons, dayan said.   although aimed at an older age group than the six-to- year olds being targeted in uae, the italian approach nonetheless mimics the operating model and public-private partnership established in ras al-khaimah.   although companies have slashed spending and taken numerous rigs offline in the u.s. in recent weeks, he stated, over time declining production overseas will require u.s. drillers to step supply back up.   although saying, "the wicked japanese imperialists committed such unpardonable crimes as depriving korea of even its standard time," may be a bit over the top.   although the crashed vehicles were cleared quickly, long tailbacks built up due to the heavy rush hour traffic.   although the news comes as a huge blow for the town, it was not entirely unexpected - as predicted on kentonline in october.   although the population of the region is approximately % to % ethnic kurds, it also includes large numbers of sunni arabs and turkoman.   although there are no official figures for how many women use such products across africa, billboards advertising them can be seen across the continent.   although there is a cap in california on the number of homes that can receive net metering credits, the legislature has consistently raised it as the industry has grown.   although the two are grown adults now, bridgewater said awareness is important, especially considering the increase in diabetes diagnoses she has witnessed as a school secretary.   "although they are outside of east turkestan," he said, 'they are in the same fear that they were in east turkestan."   although they have allocated billions of dollars toward public schools, critics say that's not enough to meet the requirement in the state constitution that education be the legislature's "paramount duty."   although venomous, pauly said yellow-bellied sea snakes are generally harmless when left alone.   although you may not fully recoup your kitchen or bath remodel, there are other factors to consider.   altogether this is one of the sexier examples of globalized innovation — if you’re turned on by exotic materials, advanced manufacturing and fire-breathing supercars.   a 'major' temple and a film star's former home closeup of the forest this is no coincidence.   a manhattan at harlowe (via facebook) harlowe could easily be mistaken as another decades-old institution, but this classy west hollywood outfit is just over a year old.   a man's body was found inside the truck.   a man walks past the london stock exchange in the city of london october , .   a man who was known by no one is now known by everyone.   a map maker account with the handle nitricboy looks to be the responsible party.   a marine police search boat has has gone out search the area daily since the disappearance.   a masked man yesterday attacked a school in southern sweden before being shot by police.   a masked suspect came out from behind the building.   amassed over decades by a private collector, the letters represent one of the largest caches of einstein's personal writings ever offered for sale.   amateur astronomers will have a shot at seeing the asteroid, too.   amazon lifts the veil on prime cnbc hrs ago leslie shaffer amazon (amzn) typically plays its customer data close to the chest, but on monday, the e-commerce giant let a few figures about its prime service trickle out.   a meeting is to be held in igloolik prior to the video conferencing to prepare the victims, and a mental-health worker is to travel to iqaluit with those who will deliver impact statements in person.   a meeting of opec technical experts in vienna on oct. may give indications whether sentiment is shifting within the organization about maintaining production levels as prices remain muted.   american muslims also continued to serve as punching bags for the gop field, with some candidates repeating calls for increased surveillance of mosques and more aggressive monitoring of other activities that could be seen as "radicalizing."   american photographer stephen wilkes will be talking about how he captures the transition of time in his photographs, thursday at p.m. at the national gallery of canada.   american regulators have essentially refused to push back against corporate bee killers.   americans are being shot and killed in places we should be able go every day without fear: work, school, church and the movies.   americans are much more likely to avoid soda now than they were over a decade ago, in , when percent said they avoided the beverage, according to gallup.   "americans have a love-hate relationship with debt.   americans in the ap-gfk poll also said spending cuts would be worth a government shutdown by percent to percent.   "american's maintenance program for the will ensure that the aircraft will be completely powered down every days until a software upgrade is developed and released by boeing," she said.   american star allyson felix looked to have dug the olympic champions out of an early hole with a blistering third leg to give mccorory a lead into the last lap, until williams-mills kicked coming into the home straight to win it for jamaica.   americans were already nervous about terrorism after islamic state militants killed people in paris in nov. attacks.   america's cbs news quoted an official in dominica as saying the death toll had reached , with several people still missing after mudslides destroyed dozens of homes.   america's sophistication is reflected in the depth of its financial markets."   a message left with murphy's attorney was not immediately returned.   “amiduos can run nearly all of the android applications available in android app markets,” the company says on its website.   "am i gonna check every statistic?" the republican presidential front-runner told bill o'reilly on monday night's "the o'reilly factor" on fox news.   amini was responsible for twenty-eight pages.   amirali pour deihimi, an australian architect who works on sustainable design, says the rule could keep him from attending conferences and seminars in the us.   a mix of large and small non-venomous snakes is used to deliver a range of deep and light massages.   amnesty international claims that nigeria's military is responsible for the deaths of , detainees.   among blacks, percent thought police were more likely to use deadly force against black people in their communities, and percent said the same thing applied generally across the country.   among his guests was ray charles, whose version of "night time is the right time" would play such a standout role on "the cosby show" years later.   among republicans and democrats in congress, cuban-americans such as sens.   among the plaintiffs in the cases that will be argued at the court on april are parents who have spent years seeking formal recognition on their children's birth certificates or adoption papers.   among the assistant captains, nash is a former blue jackets captain who will be returning to columbus.   among the key steps are to change passwords, notify key stakeholders, access or make backups of data, and contact your insurance firm if you have cyberinsurance.   among the many notable series were "columbo" (-), "kojak" (starring telly savalas, pictured, from -), "the rockford files" (-), "police woman" (-), "baretta" (-) and "starsky and hutch" (-).   among them will be a first-person shooter — the genre that's proven difficult for developers to master in the vr realm.   among the other initiatives: —expanded internships and fellowships.   among the outlets the fcc monitors are nearly , radio and television broadcasting establishments, over , cable television systems, and nearly , wireless telecommunications carriers, along with satellite and wired communication services.   among the six insurers, ccb life insurance co (建信人壽) and cathy lujiazui life insurance co (陸家嘴國泰人壽) began reporting profits last year, while others saw steady growth in their china operations, the commission said.   a month later, i'm less worried about terrorists with a medieval worldview than i am about politicians of western democracies.   amtrak says there were no life-threatening injuries reported. p.m. authorities say an amtrak train headed from vermont to washington, d.c., has derailed in central vermont.   amy berg, whose "deliver us from evil" () was nominated for an oscar, premiered her latest film "prophet's prey" at the sundance film festival this week.   a mythical university in canada where many good engineers and computer scientists come from.   an added bonus is that your phone will charge while connected to the controller.   an adult not affiliated with the school was also arrested for selling drugs on school property.   analysts don’t believe india will be subject to the same slowdown as its asian neighbor, regardless of gdp methodology alterations.   analysts speculated that the channel's suspension might ease the way for egypt to free the two foreign journalists in line with a recently-approved law that allows foreign citizens to be deported rather than jailed.   ana made landfall at a.m. edt sunday as a tropical storm along the coast of south carolina, almost midway between myrtle beach and north myrtle beach.   an amazing new video takes viewers along for the ride during a nasa spacecraft's epic july flyby of pluto.   an amazing pass takes @lemanracing from th to nd and a place on the podium.   an american, she served as economic adviser to alex salmond mp at the westminster parliament in london and as special adviser to him as first minister in the scottish government.   an anglo-italian firm called agustawestland is test flying two prototypes of a vtol airplane called the aw tiltrotor.   an associated press investigation found perimeter breaches since at airports that together handle three-quarters of u.s. commercial passenger traffic.   a native of quitman, ga., mr. cowart was the son of the late joseph alton cowart and lillie hunter cowart lowe.   an attack on grabo in february left at least four people dead, including three civilians.   an attorney for omar gonzalez said in court tuesday that lawyers are close to resolving the case with a plea.   and seconds later, not even seconds, we hear, "we're coming to rescue you!"   and, again, any ship has specific terms of operation, it is about - years.   and all kids, health issues or not, should follow the same basic safety guidelines on halloween night, said dawne gardner, injury prevention coordinator at cincinnati children's hospital medical center.   and all of it was done to mitigate a moral or physical hazard.   and all this had a corrosive effect.   and annie lennox was a powerhouse when she sang "i put a spell on you" and joined hozier for "take me to church," which was nominated for song of the year.   and a record . inches fell at quillayute airport on the coast, breaking the old record for the date of . inches set in .   and around that time i was really getting into the hobbyist electronic scene working with this microcontroller called the arduino.   and arrest warrants are the only recourse cities have to get people to address their tickets.   and, as buzz bishop, a father of two boys, ages and , and founder of the blog dad camp, found out, kids, even as young as his sons, pick up some "birds and bees" talk on the playground.   and as footballers get paid very well due to their fan base, surely that should be the norm to be nice to the fans or wallets.   and as of march , countries have abolished the death penalty for all crimes, says amnesty.   and back in he was for a comprehensive immigration reform bill that had a path to citizenship.   and because a key priority for older adults is ensuring the prosperity of their family, making sure the world remains a stable environment could fit easily into the narrative of caring for those they prepare to leave behind.   and because they have a subject element of interpretation, they are not totally objective.   anderson cooper: better than anything.   anderson cooper: it can turn bad very quickly?   and evan is right — it is kind of annoying to hold your thumb down.   and even the many employers that do their best to abide by them can end up violating them inadvertently.   and even voted for an assault-weapons ban."   and, finally, the story he told about the ritz-carlton gangs.   and germany is in a state of emergency.   and he hoped that the british government was listening, saying the issue of economic mobility was not the same as the far more toxic issue of immigration - at least as far as indian businesses are concerned.   and he is not the only one.   "and here i am now in this great place," said bruusgaard.   and he’s doing all those things to become a better player.   "and how quickly they get processed and sent to their secondary destinations like edmonton calgary and so on, we're not sure yet."   and how's that growth working?   and how strong are they?   and i already know what he looks like with gray hair, so no unpleasant surprises down the road..   and i don't like any free time," she said.   and if anyone figures out what the deal was with that kickoff in ot, please tell the rest of us.   and i felt so torn, how do you - galloway: it's so difficult, because you've got great, great writers - celine - you've got a leni riefenstahl.   "and if i get the message the next morning, if i'm lucky, i'm probably too late because they booked somewhere else."   and if nothing else, it enabled the -year-old texan to cut even deeper into mcilroy's lead.   and if they keep paying, landlords will keep creating these hostels, at least until the bubble bursts and all the transient people leave.   and if we don't guide that change democratically and in dialogue, it will simply happen upon us, and it will be an awful change for the worse.   and if you miss the live show, you can always watch the replay (using the embed above) or download the audio version on itunes.   and if you’re looking to tour some natural surroundings, feel free to explore the island’s three national parks, two of which are home to a large number of birds.   and i hope you'll join me on this journey." photos: who's running for president?   and i love it at the restaurant.   "and i'm proud of doing it."   and in an excerpt from the interview, davis tearfully said those names don't define her.   and in a sign of growing rivalry between the groups, the taliban on wednesday condemned a "horrific" video that appears to show is fighters blowing up bound and blindfolded afghan prisoners with explosives.   and in some ways, that comment is aimed at the audience for "supergirl," which premieres monday night after months of hype (including a brief mention that made headlines in the presidential campaign).   and in the latest instalment of tenuous day-naming, today is supposedly red tuesday, the top day of the year for dumping your partner.   and i pick her up.'   and i remember a lot of pain," she told "entertainment tonight."   “and i remind myself that you did not set out that day to kill anyone but what you did was a brief but dangerous manoeuvre.”   and it has an appealing swagger to it: when kendrick raps "life ain't shit but a fat vagina," you hear echoes of his earlier "backseat freestyle," with its giddy promise to fuck the world.   and i think, certainly, it's been also a great learning experience for everyone involved," said rhoades.   and i think launcherone will be positioned to capture a lot of that market."   "and i think what we need to do is to run against her because she has a failed foreign policy and because she doesn't have a record of accomplishment."   "and it is sad, because it is preventable," said lisa rogozinsky, the co-ordinator of the edmonton fetal alcohol network society.   and it is there that we talked about her writing, including her published collection of poems and short stories, the dusk of dawn.   and it just so happened that leica lent me its new camera to test the very weekend the greenwich concours d'elegance was happening.   and it killed "only" million people, less than half of world war ii's million.   "and it's all about exposure, of course, to get people to know more about our company and what we do and what we stand for."   and it's extremely different from planets such as earth, which have been transformed so dramatically by multiple collision, volcanoes and other events that it's almost impossible to decipher what they looked like when they were born.   and it wasn't even close.   and i've had great staff here.   and, i was also fortunate to hear indra nooyi speak and she was brilliant - her realistic view on trying to be a good wife, mother and business woman really struck a chord with me.   and krugman agreed with some other economists who have said a grexit shouldn't be underestimated.   and lego was able to tell me how many stormtrooper mini-figures it has sold.   and met harry decosta, who was a concertmaster for the new york philharmonic then, and we did a lot of jazz things, and i learned how to transcribe herbie hancock solos and toots thielemans’ solos and put it down for violin.   and missouri law enforcement was criticized for reacting with heavy-handed military tactics.   and, most school meal programs are not available during the summer months, leaving millions of children to find an alternate source of nutrition.   and my co-pay was bucks," she said.   and my inside voice is—is me.   and nebraska's norman regional hospital went on generator power after suffering minor damage.   and now my face is right there, smack in the middle of those windows.   and others offer short-term deals on their websites.   and perhaps just as important, his delivery ran counter to the pre-event image that he lacks charisma.   and perhaps the country of human rights suffered from an excess of human rights: under the pretense of free speech, how did so much anti-france discourse take place, and how did so many dangerous mosques stay open?   and please, parents, don't you dare borrow a penny if it puts your retirement security at risk.   and ratliff's impact on life in huntington was felt saturday evening.   andrea said ben is "going to be a typical southern boy with a big truck with a gun in the back."   andrew enjoyed all types of music.   andrew mattison would then make his first of three field goals on a -yarder for a - lead.   and rigorous attempts to game out such a conflict suggest that it could be very bad for the u.s. as well.   android marshmallow is coming your way.   and romney virtually shut the door on any talk of him being drafted into the campaign at a later time.   and, she added, gm is prepared to make more trucks if necessary.   and she threw in some warm shearling coats worthy of the frigid weather.   and so, everyone can talk us here about their credentials.   and some, i assume, are good people,” trump said when he announced his candidacy for presidency in new york city on june , .   and some of his pronouncements about women sound like they come from the mouth of the -year-old latin american celibate cleric that he is.   and some of the latest research seems to say that our genes may be responsible for how we react to coffee, explaining why some of us need several cups to get a boost while others get the jitters on only one.   and so with the commercial aspect of these films, the financial wooing and winning of these films, it has made independent viable.   and surrendering that power in order to promote a diet book doesn't feel relatable or real; it feels weak.   "and that i'm looking forward to.   and that is, after all, what auto shows are essentially about.   and that i was a supporter of farage.   and that really saved my life in that i was able to go to work at 'saturday night live' and exist through each day while i was figuring this out," she told npr.   and that's what's always made this so hard.   and that’s why communication is more “art” than science.   and that unbiased view can be compared to similar data sets in the past and in the future.   and the big conservative victories — striking down new epa rules restricting toxic emissions from power plants and upholding the use of a painful death-penalty drug — are odd ones to celebrate, he said.   "and the last three fridays, they've been closed because they've been catering a banquet," he said.   and the mpd was sticking to policy.   "and then even if a clot does happen, alcohol can help with fibrinolysis, which is the dissolution of the clot."   and then there's the most talked-about issue: internet fast lanes.   and then there's the other element.   and then there was the corrosive legacy of segregation, jim crow and broad-based discrimination that continued long after the end of slavery, and that still overshadows black life in america today.   and then, you have to reverse-engineer it and see that those numbers represent something that can't be explained locally.   and there's only one german who's ever clinched the award - reinhard selten, who impressed the jury with his game theory research back in .   and the united states and our coalition partners will stand with them as they do so."   "and the united states and our coalition partners will stand with them as they do so."   and they are ready to continue to starve themselves -- and risk their lives -- in order to make sure that happens.   and they probably haven't lived on that $,-a-year starting salary in a very long time.   and they want to shut the doors and they don't want people to make their choices about the future.   and this is all supposed to support syrians and help them regain a decent life.   and this transformed my feeling on earth, from 'me and them' to a feeling of 'us.'   and those allegations don't match our core values," he said.   and to celebrate, the website has unveiled a new ios app that won’t require you to jailbreak your iphone or ipad to use.   and too many still aren’t working at all," obama said in last year's state of the union address "our job is to reverse these trends.   and trump, whose latest gems included hateful rants about all mexican immigrants as murderers and criminals and his moronic complaints about high oil prices (oil has gone down by roughly percent since june ).   and we are absolutely thrilled that noomi has come unboard, as she is dream casting for callas.   and we are doing so in many different ways, not least by sharing intelligence, working more closely with france in their efforts to fight isil," he said.   and we did on new year's eve, .   and what can be done to enhance wifi security?   and when he participates in something like this at his home, he's saying to the kids, ‘okay, this is a safe place.’   and when those consequences happen every now and then, do not beat yourself up.   and when you fail two to three polygraphs, the percentages are really high.   and while many found themselves at the beach for the air and water show or in the bleachers for the crosstown, we headed to stage for the third annual nerd comedy festival.   and while many questioned trudeau publicly welcoming adams into the party at a national press conference last winter, variyan said it was important to recognize the floor-crossing by a junior cabinet minister.   and while the humidity is not expected to drop low enough for wildfire warnings, to mph winds and the ongoing drought could pose a threat of fire, according to the l.a. times.   and while the number of white youth jailed has fallen significantly, last year for the first time black kids were a majority of the jail population on any given day.   and while you can buy vsco filters on your phone for a few bucks, these vsco film plugins were sold in packs for up to $ each.   and while you do earn five coins for each puzzle you solve, hints cost coins, so it's hard to earn enough to purchase any meaningful amount of hints.   and why, for example, were abortion services excluded from the programming canada would help fund?   and why wouldn't saudi arabia and turkey have basically supported isis, if they thought it served their "national interests" to do so?   andy borowitz is a new york times best-selling author and a comedian who has written for the new yorker since .   and yes, they can be embedded on the web should the need arise.   and yet, after watching the day’s events, i am more worried than ever that their efforts will fail.   and yet here it is at a huge art fair in nyc, where everything is most definitely for sale!   and yet there is no record beyond these two documents of the world's most famous painting being part of the world's most famous hoard of looted art.   and yet, while the two companies have nearly identical revenues and twitter is deep in the red, the social media company’s market cap is nearly four times that of profitable gopro, which dominates the u.s. video camera market.   “an ebay meets priceline kind of thing,” he says.   an elderly woman contacted the hilton hawaiian village in honolulu to ask if she could scatter her dog's ashes in the sea.   an entire spectrum of feelings, from fullness to anxiety, has been shown to originate in the stomach before bubbling up into consciousness.   an estimated , hezbollahis have fallen since the group first began fighting there in .   an estimated , babies are born with congenital rubella syndrome every year.   an eu summit on february will address the issue, to be followed by a similar gathering in washington the following week.   an event organizer said that vilks was present at the conference, but was not injured.   a newborn female, now known as j, was spotted on dec. . j was also spotted with the pod thursday.   a new building under construction is not deemed a vacant building.   a new poll by cnn and the kaiser family foundation gets to the heart of how prevalent these types of experiences are: out of african-americans said they were treated unfairly because of their race in dealings with the police in the past days.   angeles avalos, , of chicago, was also accused of being collins' heroin supplier.   an hour or so after the shooting, robinson made a series of phone calls and arranged for all of the officers on duty when baker shot mcgee, and everyone in mcgee’s -officer unit, to report early to d.   animals are being forced to do something.   “animal trafficking, we now know, is funding those dangerous groups out there,” us representative steve israel said.   anim-mates is trying to find them a new home.   an independent accountability board appointed by clinton found "systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies at senior levels."   an independent body that oversees lawmakers’ pay and expenses had recommended all members of parliament, including ministers, get a percent pay raise this year, which would take their parliamentary salary to ￡,.   "an individual event cannot really be attributed to this climate source alone," he said.   an infestation can reduce the glossy green leaves of a box hedge to a faded skeleton within a few days of hatching.   an intersection is flooded near the headwaters of the san marcos river that flooded in san marcos, t … twelve people were listed as missing in texas, including eight from an extended family from corpus christi who were vacationing in a home in wimberley.   an islamic state-affiliated news service called malik and farook “supporters” of their islamist cause but stopped short of claiming responsibility for the attack.   ankara and athens have a longstanding dispute over territorial borders in the aegean, with warplanes from both sides regularly engaging in mock dogfights.   anne fisher is outraged that the private school, which leased the former public school in including the playground which the community had fundraised to build, won't let other children from the neighbourhood on the grounds during the day.   annika breidthardt, the commission's spokeswoman for economic affairs, said the details were expected to be cleared up later in the day.   annually , nepalis left the country to work elsewhere, particularly the gcc and malaysia.   an official from the council told how, as the plane reached , feet just seconds after take off, the right-hand engine sounded a warning indicating a problem.   a: no, i can’t say that ever happened.   an osce mission should get into areas of the donbas conflict, including the village of shyrokyne in donetsk region, and end hostilities between ukrainian troops and russian-backed militants.   a note from hugh on the subject: "you may well have heard it before.   another undocumented children were taken from their parents and put into a shelter, forced to choose between staying there for years or being deported back to myanmar alone.   another factor complicating diagnosis is that while tb usually affects the lungs, children are more likely than adults to develop a form of the disease known as extra-pulmonary tb, in which other organs become infected.   another former governor, arkansas' mike huckabee, has been demoted to the undercard debate.   another government official, zahid saleem, said it appeared to be a suicide attack.   another hedge fund, paulson & co., bought a record-setting $. billion last year.   another likely gop candidate, sen. rand paul, represents kentucky but grew up in texas.   another member added, "pastor is a man of god, he is loving and caring, he's a teacher.   another official puts the number of documents at , to ,.   another possible link could be with mithra, a god of light, "whose mysteries were a religion popular in the roman army," sparavigna wrote in the study.   another powered exoskeleton developer, cyberdyne (no relation to the doomsday-heralding creator of skynet), is testing a passive lumbar support device for airport personnel who have to hoist heavy bags all day.   another problem for the talks is the loss of confidence in the un.   another report said that potentially irreversible damage would be felt globally, hurting infrastructure and economies.   another route in for families is through parent’s nostalgia for the sets they remember playing with.   another study, published in in the journal progress in cardiovascular diseases, found that drugs like viagra and cialis could be effective in treating altitude sickness.   another vehicle crashed in the area of torbay road and the bypass highway.   another worker there says that woman has been given a couple well deserved extra days off.   an outspoken critic of president pierre nkurunziza, the -year-old mbonimpa has been arrested multiple times, spending four and half months in jail in .   answer: i believe that no one, no human, wakes up in the morning and says, `i’m going to work and screw up today.   anthony hickey added points for the cowboys (-, - big ), who were coming off a road win at no. texas on wednesday.   anticipated sex romp 'fifty shades of grey' may or may not get you wound up, but its soundtrack is bound to do just that.   antonia thought being thin would make her happy, but instead she slipped into a spiral of despair and landed in hospital.   a number of other african countries have tried to get similar systems off the ground, but none has enjoyed kenya's astonishing levels of success.   a number of servicemen have been directly affected by the disaster, including one who lost his brother, and several who have had family members injured or their homes destroyed.   an uncle took her in. then an aunt.   any change to the second amendment of the u.s. constitution (".   anyone visiting him knew to bring sunday clothes because you would be joining him at church, and sunday dinner.   anyone who knows about this robbery is asked to call the calgary police service robbery unit at -- or contact crime stoppers.   anyone who spends time in the craft brewing community knows that brewers and beer lovers come in all shapes and sizes, including folks like me who weigh less than a hundred pounds in a wet towel despite tasting beer every day.   anything else is ridiculous.   any young greek worthy of his ancestral inheritence, married men included, would oblige these lovely french, english, german, swedish ladies.   aoki is calling off performances in ibiza, spain; wijchen, netherlands; and newcastle and upminster, united kingdom.   a pair of brooklyn landlords who renters have said intentionally sabotaged their rent-stabilized apartment to drive them out were arrested on fraud charges, authorities say.   a pair of eagles received honorable mention – linebacker jake gall and offensive guard thomas gomez.   a pair of tugboats on tuesday eased the hulking wreck into a section of genoa harbor where the shell of the ship is expected to start being dismantled in a week.   a panel discussion at noon entitled idea to execution: make or break your business will address questions about starting and executing a successful business.   a parallel and companion tactic was to also reach out and build alliances and coalitions with important white leaders and organizations.   "apart from his plan to build a wall to keep the mexicans out, we know absolutely nothing about what he is planning to do as president."   a passenger posted the original photo on weibo, china's equivalent to twitter, with the caption: "let me remind you -- this is a beijing subway not a bus running in your village."   apatow had nothing but praise for her: "there’s a moment early in someone’s career where they will kill and die for what they’re writing about," he said.   ap: do men suffer from a lack of dating advice?   a perfect storm of conditions, starting with the weather.   apex advertising is a revolutionary sales and direct marketing firm based in miami, florida.   a plastic surgeon at the new york university langone medical center performed the "most extensive" face transplant surgery in history, according to the hospital.   ap oklahoma's protocol, which was the subject of a u.s. supreme court review this summer, calls for the heart-stopper potassium chloride to be the third drug administered.   a police officer stands guard during rioting.   a police spokesman could not be reached immediately for further comment.   a police spokesman said detectives are reviewing cctv footage to determine what happened.   " a possible run by romney could complicate the plans of former florida gov. jeb bush, who in december said he's "actively exploring" a presidential bid.   apparently responding to criticism that pistorius' release after just a year in prison was too lenient, burgess said pistorius' sentence "has not been shortened or reduced."   app could help remote communities dr. susan poelman, a dermatologist at the university of calgary, says the device could help solve problems in her own clinic.   ap photo/wong maye-e north koreans wave decorative flowers as they parade in the capital.   "apple by no means dominates the pc business, but those who are loyal to it are fiercely loyal.   apple is now trailing chinese tech companies xiaomi and huawei.   apple music made its debut this week.   apple pay and the company's services revenue stream will take time to develop.   apple wants to bundle channels (around or so) for streaming for $ to $ a month, according to the wsj, and to launch the service this fall.   apple watch more satisfying than iphone, ipad it hasn't been out very long but the apple watch has a percent customer satisfaction rate.   apply for forbearance a forbearance is a way of asking for a suspension of mortgage payments and the foreclosure process.   approval will secure the financial lifeline outlined on friday.   a practical path to authenticity", shaman and host christina pratt talks to internationally renowned shaman and author sandra ingerman about how we can all incorporate shamanic skills into our daily lives.   april , - according to iraqi kurdistan officials, isis has released more than yazidis, consisting of women, children and the ill or elderly.   a proud man describes his sheer joy at buying his first moto scooter.   ap video footage of the burned out compound in the east of kunduz city shows automatic weapons, including rifles and at least one machine-gun, on windowsills.   ap-wf--- gmt logano races into rd round of playoffs with charlotte win comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   ap: you've been outspoken regarding the way the president handled ferguson, what are your thoughts on baltimore?   aqap did not claim responsibility for friday's deadly siege at a kosher grocery store in paris, but praised it.   aquatic mites can be described as cousins to spiders - many species of mite are parasitic, including the land-dwelling and blood-sucking insects we know as ticks.   a queens native, cuomo was born in new york city, in the apartment above his father's grocery store.   arab world un calls for almost $ million in urgent aid for yemen the united nations has launched an appeal for hundreds of millions of dollars in donations, in a bid to help civilians caught in the escalating yemen conflict.   a raid on monguno, km ( miles) north, began later in the morning and the town fell under militant control by the late afternoon.   a ransom was reportedly paid, but that was never confirmed by any side.   arbuthnot also said his facility gets many calls from other physicians in the country looking for advice about dosage and potency.   archer (-) allowed just one hit and issued one walk while recording strikeouts.   areas west of the appalachians into the ohio valley will be dry and very warm throughout the labor day weekend.   a recent post on intel's support forums suggests that intel might be punting on windows driver support completely.   a recent study by university of california-san francisco researchers estimated that at least . million more home health and personal care aides will be needed to provide long-term services to seniors between now and .   a recent study in the journal american behavioral scientist by dr. mark pitcavage, however, shows that lone attacks by active shooters appear more prevalent among right wing extremists.   a recent study of , online shoppers by walker sands communications found that free shipping was the feature most likely to get people to shop online, followed by free returns and one-day shipping.   are gay marriage opponents being bullied?   a related study in the same journal surveyed doctors in flanders, belgium, and found the prevalence of physician-assisted suicides increased from . percent of all deaths in to . percent in .   a report on chinese manufacturing showed activity shrank at the fastest pace in -/ years – evidence that the world’s second-largest economy could be in for a sudden slowdown.   argentina's -year-old former president went on trial in absentia on thursday, accused of covering up the deadly bombing of a jewish community center in buenos aires years ago.   ariton volunteer fire & resuce along with skipperville volunteer fire department responded and transported the victim to dale medical center with life threatening injuries.   armed clashes have also rocked nusaybin, dargecit, varto and diyarbakir's historic sur neighborhood.   armed men got out of the car, fired into edwards' vehicle and killed her.   arnold palmer, jack nicklaus and tiger woods only got one shot at it, and none ever started the final round of the british open so close to the lead.   a rock on the red wings' blue line from his calder trophy-finalist rookie season in - through -, he scored goals and added assists for , points.   a roughly percent drop in the international oil market since june, meanwhile, lessens consumers' incentive to buy electric and hybrid vehicles.   around one million visitors came to munich, many in traditional dress.   around two years ago, the idea of sharing your home via an app as a hotel alternative was considered radical.   arran has a population of around people.   arsenal has now collected seven points from four games — six of them away from home.   arsenal star alexis sanchez struck the winning spot-kick for chile, as the hosts clinched a - shoot-out victory when the game ended goalless after extra-time.   arsenault points out that according to numbers from the provincial government, it costs $, per day to keep a senior citizen in the hospital and $ per day in a nursing home while staying at home is even cheaper.   as a compromise, lawmakers agreed to create a domestic trafficking victims' fund, which would be paid for by two sources: money collected from criminals participating in human trafficking and existing money previously appropriated by congress.   as a conservative republican, i realize the u.s. is not going to round up million plus illegal aliens, never going to happen.   as a forward-thinking strategist, though, it's obvious that watson provides you with an unparalleled opportunity to leverage information, to both grow your profits and provide amazing services.   a sahara-based islamist group claimed responsibility for the bamako shooting in which a french citizen, a belgian security officer and three malians were killed in a restaurant popular with expatriates.   asa hutchinson at the national press club in washington april , .   as a member of the public, he said, he would be interested that a decision would be made “very speedily indeed” on whether the officers should get back to work.   a samsonite geotrakr includes free traces for the first year.   as an examination of depression, that makes for a compellingly vivid hour and change; as nights out at the theater go, though, it’s awfully bleak.   a san franciscan may be hard-pressed to imagine even the smallest condo being sold for that price.   as a non-canadian convicted of crimes, he was deemed inadmissible to canada but cbsa has been unable to deport him.   as a reminder, best buy stores open at : p.m. on thanksgiving day for eight hours, and then they reopen at : a.m. on black friday.   as a result, escalator outages at century park station dropped from an average of . days per month in to . days in , according to the report.   "as a result, juror no. does not meet the standard required to be a fair and impartial juror."   as a result, more than a hundred people were killed.   as a result of this, environmental issues have transformed from a tie-two agenda item into something that tops the political list.   as ceo of the duke health system and as chancellor of academic affairs, washington will oversee duke university hospital, durham regional hospital, duke raleigh hospital, clinical laboratories as well as duke primary cary and duke homecare & hospice.   as confederate soldiers came under fire in the north, families left behind found ways to survive.   as daunting as those points a game are to harvey’s dad is the fact his son made the dean’s list at eastern with a . gpa in communications.   as did the sleeping pills prescribed by a family doctor.   a second man is then reported to have approached the victim and made an inappropriate comment.   a second rcmp officer arrived on the scene.   ase embedded is to make integrated-circuit (ic) embedded substrates using tdk’s semiconductor embedded substrate (sesub) technology, ase said.   a selection of these pictures is now on show in cork.   a senate official, not authorized to discuss the unreleased report, says it shows the rate is about years old, and that current rates have cooled to about $ per square metre, or about $. million per year.   a senior u.s. official said kerry would discuss ways of trying to stem the violence but would not try to renew negotiations on a state that palestinians seek in territories israel captured in the middle east war.   a senior vatican source said the phrasing was chosen because of the violence in the capital bangui, where the pope is scheduled to visit a mosque in one of the most dangerous neighbourhoods.   a series of events is planned in nigeria and around the world to mark one year since the kidnapping of the schoolgirls, who were abducted by boko haram militants from the northeastern town of chibok on april , .   "a settlement like this, where there is this future claims issue, should account for the evolution of science,” said molo.   as far as prices go, apple's iphone s will cost you $ (gb), $ (gb), or $ (gb).   “as far as the individual players, of course i don’t know them.   as flores waited, he saw several cars and a pair of joggers pass by.   as for prostate cancer, this study followed nearly , men from to and found drinking coffee to be highly associated with lower risk for the lethal form of the disease.   ’ as for the no. quarterback job, behind sam bradford and mark sanchez, neither matt barkley nor tim tebow has had a very good preseason.   as for why the number of accidents was up during the games, schmidt says, "if there's a change in roadway design, it can take a while for drivers to get used to it."   as german towns struggle to house and look after migrants, her insistence that germany will cope looks too optimistic to many people.   as google continues to update their mobile os, the responsibility is currently on both the original equipment manufacturers (oems) and the carriers to push changes out to their users.   as gyllenhaal walked across the gym, a sweaty bantamweight called out, “i saw the trailer.   a shareholder vote is to be held in may, with the deal also requiring approval from australian treasurer joe hockey under the nation’s foreign investment laws.   as he sat down with modi, obama said he agreed that india has the right to pursue economic development and fight poverty, but said those priorities must also reflect “serious and ambitious action by all nations” to curb its carbon pollution.   ashe’s order essentially turns that authority into a requirement.   ashley is the daughter of robert and michele powell.   ash says it's more awkward to talk face to face with strangers and even friends than it is to talk online.   ashton carter had just been sworn in as the country's new secretary of defense, but it was biden's hands-on whisper that went viral on social media.   ash was reported falling on buildings and cars in several areas from horseshoe bay to vancouver.   asia's day: japan's benchmark nikkei added . percent to ,. while south korea's kospi inched fell . percent to ,..   aside from his world title and olympic silver medal, kingsbury also won bronze at the world championships.   aside from term limits, a full restructuring of the executive committee was approved.   as i mentioned, the ribbon toolbar system with its tabs is designed to expose close to different file management commands in file explorer.   a similar device was also strapped to yussman's mother, who was also in the home at the time of the break-in, the law enforcement source said.   "a single local motors micro-factory has the capacity to sell , units a year at an average price of $,," he says.   as international and local organizations rush to provide badly needed aid to the region's refugees and displaced people, it is vital we do not forget this other cohort of migrant workers in crisis.   as is tradition, many women tried to cut the ties off the men and general tomfoolery took over otherwise ordered cities.   as it happened: scotland vs. germany .. having beaten poland in frankfurt on friday, germany faced scotland, in glasgow, looking to make it two wins in a row.   as it happened: wednesday's champions league action .. relive the action as matchday one continues in the uefa champions league.   as johnson watched and read the news, he became convinced he might have to take action sooner than he thought.   asked about netanyahu's position, a spokesman for abbas said settlement activity had to stop altogether before peace talks resume and that all core issues of the conflict with israel needed to be addressed simultaneously.   asked about the arrangement, mr. kandrach responded: “when it helps us better serve and represent our seniors, we are proud to partner with firms such as dci who offer valuable logistical support to getting our message out.”   asked for comment, the credit union declined to elaborate on what prompted the sudden approval or any details of their agreement.   asked if it was difficult to balance focus on the holidays and the game, henry said: "it's not difficult.   as key account manager for valeo, dura automotive, nordine was responsible for increased sales from k eur to millions eur.   ask me what movie i want to see?   ask yourself if you are spending time in the right place.   ask yourself, 'what does that say about what we believe?'   "as long as we were going to include a port for charging the new macbook, we wanted to make sure it was the most advanced and versatile one available."   a small number of copies began to reach the united states on friday, and more are expected to go on sale in the coming days.   as many as eight bullet holes were seen on the side of the apartment building.   as much as we liked ventura as a player and respect him as a manager, he just isn't getting the performance from this team that he should be.   as of friday opponents of the deal could lose only four more senators or risk a filibuster, after democratic sens.   as of jan. , the fund had % in the u.s., % in developed foreign markets and % in emerging markets.   a soft pretzel - sliced horizontally and slathered with butter - will inevitably lie next to the beer in any stereotypical image of bavaria.   a solemn ceremony in the northwestern city of peshawar commemorated the deaths of children and adults at a military school in a pakistani taliban assault, the deadliest militant attack in the country's history.   as owner of centerpoint investment strategies, he is passionate about building the personal relationships and networks necessary to create meaningful, systemic change in the world of finance today.   a spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in latin america and beyond.   as part of his expanded role, brandon was also given the title of bills managing partner, though it does not come with a stake in the franchise.   as part of the increased security measures, trinidad's national security minister, retired major general edmund dillon, said authorities would ramp up immigration controls and deepen its surveillance activities.   as part of their commitment to promoting kaizen training, enna is committed to sharing blog posts and video content that will help others understand and adopt the principles of lean.   as part of the push, lavrov also met on friday with the head of a newer grouping of syrian opposition figures known as the cairo conference committee.   as part of the regulations, the fcc has reclassified broadband as a so-called title ii service under the communications act of , which applies the same utility-style regulation to broadband that was originally crafted for the old telephone network.   as part of the restructuring, deutsche bank will also cut back its investment banking, and invest more in transaction banking as well as its own retail businesses.   a spokesman for perez molina said the president would respect the law as the investigation moves forward, the state-run agn news agency reported.   a spokesman for sandwich food fayre said: “it is disappointing that comments on social media suggest that the food fayre organisers did not welcome futures for dogs at the recent fayre.   a spokesman for saras said the independent refiner "would be delighted if iranian oil comes back to the market, as its quality is very interesting for complex and flexible refineries like ours".   a spokesperson for the black lives matter to coalition said the incident was "anti-black racism.   "as police officers, we can't become desensitized to people or a group of people carrying firearms."   "as practiced today, capitalism too often becomes a race to the bottom," he wrote in a huffington post op-ed.   "as president," she wrote, "i will fight to reform our tax system to reward growth, innovation, and job creation here in the united states.   as putin said on russian television last month, "stabilizing the lawful authority" is the key objective of the russian intervention in syria.   as reported earlier, mp from the batkivshyna party olena shkrum wrote on her facebook page that prosecutor general of ukraine vitaliy yarema resigned.   assisted by césaire gandzé. : +: goal scored goal!   assisted by luke chambers following a fast break.   as "sleepy hollow" star nicole beharie later pointed out on twitter, davis didn't have to mention the other black female leads on television in her speech.   associated press photographer shot this fire scene near twisp.   associated press this booking photo provided by the boone county, mo., sheriffs department shows hunter m. park.   associated press writer deb riechmann contributed to this report.   associated press writer kelvin chan in hong kong contributed to this report.   associated press writer riley snyder in carson city, nevada, contributed to this report.   associated press writers dan sewell, kantele franko and mitch stacy contributed to this report.   associated press writers michael balsamo, jennifer peltz and david b. caruso contributed to this report.   associated press writers mike corder in the hague, lorne cook in verviers, belgium, david rising in berlin, shawn pogatchnik in dublin, and john-thor dahlburg, sylvie corbet, matthew lee and nicolas vaux-montagny in paris contributed to this report.   associated press writers nataliya vasilyeva and jim heintz in moscow, thomas adamson in paris, kathleen hennessey in manila, philippines, and hamza hendawi in cairo contributed to this story.   associated press writers thanyarat doksone in bangkok, bradley klapper in washington and niniek karmini in jakarta, indonesia contributed to this report.   "as soon as i saw jose bautista at the plate i knew he would hit a three-run home run."   “as soon as some threat comes from an adjoining state, russia must react appropriately and carry out its defense policy in such a way as to neutralize a threat against it,” putin added.   as soon as the visit was completed, morsi was sentenced to death.   "as soon as you start offering a discount, or a perk, based on age, you're inevitably going to be subsidizing some rich people, aren't you?" he said.   as subscribers extract data information, they use the time saved to focus on priorities and accomplish their goals in half the time.   as such, both sides have an interest in greece remaining part of the common currency union.   as such, our region could arguably surpass most of its issues if these two conditions for success were met and last week, dubai witnessed a major announcement which may very well be the first step on a long road to recovery for the whole region.   assuming the software works, it’ll be just like buying a new iphone accessory — only now, it's something that'll control your lights or open your garage door.   as symptoms persisted, he was later transferred to the nationally designated medical centre.   a staff member then asked the reporter to delete the photos from his cell phone, the post reported.   a statement on the center's website said it had recommended closing the underground rail network until sunday and the municipal transport authority tweeted that stations on the four main metro lines were closed "by order of the police."   asteriskdollarsign says: low even for citynews… shirley wilson says: a male must have posted the video of that woman who obviously was very stressed or she might be suffering from mental illness or is simply having a bad day!   as the alert driver who slammed on my brakes, i’m worried this woman won’t be so lucky the next time she’s oblivious.   "as the city grows our supply will be outstripped by demand," says matthew hamp the director of public works and engineering at the city of iqaluit, "i would say it's fairly important to find an alternative water source to supplement lake geraldine."   as the country's immigration system was being overwhelmed by an unprecedented flow of unaccompanied children fleeing unrest in central america, one of their countrymen orchestrated the scheme to force them to work on egg farms in ohio, prosecutors said.   as the evening approaches, storms still may be present with a percent chance of thunderstorms in place.   "as the financial architecture of the world is being altered by china and russia, the u.s. dollar is gradually being neutralized," geopolitical analyst mahdi darius nazemroaya wrote last month for the strategic culture foundation.   as the fire took hold, one eyewitness told the bbc: "carluccio's restaurant is on fire, flames are coming out of the roof.   as the french writer michel foucault argued in his landmark essay discipline and punish, prison is a historical oddity that arose as a result of the modern state's increasing ability and eagerness to control more and more of its citizens' lives.   as the quran states (al-baqarah: ), differences between people is the bases of life, and the truth will be revealed to them only after death.   as the spray dispersed, he glanced sideways to see british sailor sam goodchild drift away from the speeding yacht.   as thousands of people fled from regions in the middle east and africa, the obama administration in september announced the united states would take in at least , syrian refugees to help share the burden with european countries.   aston villa: when aston villa won three of its four first league games this season, relegation troubles appeared to be an afterthought.   astra armbrister, director of development at the bahamas national trust will make a presentation on implementing and developing fundraising initiatives.   astrazeneca to buy zs astrazeneca plc, the uk’s second-largest drugmaker, yesterday agreed to buy zs pharma inc of california for us$. billion in cash to gain a potential blockbuster medicine for a deadly condition.   a stronger dollar has long been seen as a major factor behind the weakness in oil and the broader rout in commodities, as it makes commodities priced in the u.s. currency more expensive to users of other currencies.   astronomers define the "habitable zone" around a star as the region within which liquid water can exist on a planet's surface.   astronomers have begun using the allen telescope array (ata), a system of radio dishes about miles ( kilometers) northeast of san francisco, to hunt for signals coming from the vicinity of kic , a star that lies , light-years from earth.   a study from the university of california, irvine found that office workers were less stressed out and more productive when they took a hiatus from checking email.   a study published this month by the rand corporation found that continuing deadlock in the israeli-palestinian conflict could lead to isolation of israel and an $ billion reduction in investment and tourism.   as usually is the case, i never expect to be heralded by our client but only occasionally appreciated."   asus zenwatch eyes-on + see all for those looking for other excuses to upgrade from the previous model to this, the latter does have an improved dust- and water-resistance rating of ip (same as its fitness-centric counterpart, the vivowatch).   as vice president, he has stood by president obama’s side as we helped our economy and housing market recover, finally passed comprehensive health care reform and took on wall street.   as we go, we're going to start highlighting other people's experiences and we have done that a bit with our latest videos.   as we head into thursday evening and the sun starts to set, the southeast winds will take over and move the fog and drizzle back in place.   as we learned control depends on community engagement and community leadership at every stage.   as well, players have been fined $, each for conduct detrimental to the league.   as well as adding to electricity supply, some businesses will also be hoping the lake turkana wind power project contributes to a decrease in power bills.   as well as the "mehrieh," the bride's family offers a "jahiz" to the groom, a range of gifts including jewelry, cash and furniture.   as with all these gaming tests, you have to take into account the p and p screen resolutions of the storm and swift, respectively; the higher the resolution, the more demanding the workload.   as with previous dynastic rules, when the manchus ousted the ming rulers in , they established their own dress code.   as with tackling, when it comes to ball carrying, you need to put yourself into the correct position to get the ball.   as you leave your house, your neighbour is drinking beer while his sausages get incinerated on the smoking barbecue.   at , stonie is on top of the world of competitive eating, vaulting past legend joey chestnut to take the no. spot after besting his rival at the july nathan's famous hot dog eating contest at coney island, new york.   at , years old, it is the most famous and most profound, has the best views and is especially desired for its prime location: jewish tradition says when the messiah comes, the resurrection of the dead will begin here.   at years old, grimmy is half the age of louis, , who up until now, had been the only remaining original judge.   at $ per gram for the highest quality crop, saffron can actually cost even more than the precious metal.   at : p.m. monday oct. , town hall seattle, eighth ave., seattle; $ (-- or townhallseattle.   at about : a.m. local time, jeramie m. gruber, , fell about feet off the roof and into a snow gutter, the minneapolis star-tribune reported.   at a cremation site, his team of volunteers carry in the latest body, a -year-old man whose wife couldn't afford the expense.   at age , farfan began to paint his face together with his father, chimenea the clown, who owned a -chair circus that traveled up and down peru's pacific coast, over the country's towering andes mountains and across its vast amazon jungle.   at a hearing monday afternoon, kim was ordered held without bail.   a taliban attack on a guesthouse in another part of the capital earlier this month left people dead, including nine foreigners.   at an event in beijing, huawei executives showcased its "agile iot" architecture, including an operating system called liteos to control basic devices.   at an event on women's issues in milwaukee, florida rep. debbie wasserman schultz blasted walker for his policies, saying he "has given women the back of his hand."   at approximately : p.m. traffic investigators responded to a vehicle collision on pedenville road.   at a preliminary hearing set to begin tuesday, prosecutors are expected to reveal for the first time the evidence that led them to file murder charges against charles "chase" merritt, the sole suspect in the case.   at around : p.m., sheriff’s deputies located the suspect vehicle at a residence on cascade lane in coos bay.   at around a.m. et, the cac- in france was up . percent at , while germany's dax rose . percent to ,.   at a time when federal student loans are looking more like subprime mortgages, that's good news.   at a wedding, are you on the dance floor?   at best in the us, we think of robots as putting factory workers out of jobs.   at court in november last year, after the book's publication, kohl's legal representatives won a court order preventing the heyne verlag publishing house from printing or issuing any further copies including quotes purportedly from kohl.   a team of kyoto university researchers discovered that a "severely disabled"… man shot to death by deputies in south carolina aiken, s.c. (ap) — authorities in south carolina say a man was shot to death in a confrontation with sheriff's deputies.   a technology analyst suspects blackberry never actually expected its trade-in offer would lure legions of iphone fans.   'atemlos' by helene fischer - so that a german song is known, if it isn't already," added trapp, who will apparently earn five million euros a year with his new deal.   at first glance, this makes no sense.   at first, they dropped to the ground but his wife finally yelled: "let's run for it!"   a: the comments have been shared with the league without names or teams and not all players hated them.   athens is scheduled to repay $. billion euros ($. billion) to the imf in four steps between now and june . the first payment is around million euros due on friday.   a: the universal messaging, phone and video apps on windows - that will have built in skype functionality - will run across windows devices, from phones through to tablets to pcs.   athletes, celebrities and others quickly weighed in on the ruling.   athletic bilbao and villarreal of spain also advanced.   a thrill without danger is not a thrill.   at its peak during world war ii, the site employed some , people.   atlanta hawks players pero antic and thabo sefolosha were arrested on charges of obstructing the crime scene, after police said they blocked officers from trying to start their investigation.   atlaoui was arrested in a raid on a factory producing ecstasy pills on the outskirts of the capital, jakarta, in .   atlaoui, who is a professional welder, was arrested in a secret ecstasy factory outside jakarta in .   at least heads of state and government have accepted invitations to come on the first day of the nov. to dec. conference.   at least a dozen over the past months, and that's just in the area that we've worked in (the lockyer valley in southeast queensland).   at least from from what i could tell between taking photographs, laughing and tapping my foot at some of the familiar tunes.   "at least not with this commission."   at least one other protester was pushed to the ground.   at least seven storage facilities have been targeted in the last few weeks.   at least two small puffs of smoke are seen coming off his body as the officer continues firing.   at least your investment will last for a long time: although cherry switches are certified for million keystrokes, the company estimates that the product's true shelf life is closer to million.   a t-mobile us inc plan similar to sprint's will cost about $ per month – $ for the phone with an -month agreement and $ for a basic wireless plan.   at night, if there was no turbulence, borschberg would have been able to activate the autopilot and nap, but only for minutes at a time.   at noon, green party activists unveiled a statue at alexanderplatz in central berlin of edward snowden, julian assange and chelsea manning, considered heroes by many on the left for leaking secret u.s. intelligence and military documents.   at one point during the onslaught, ansari tried to flip murdoch's script around, asserting that the media mogul "is responsible for all pedophilia committed by anyone catholic.   a top-down approach, for example, lets researchers design whatever experiments will "get at some larger truth about biology."   a top eu official said last week that pakistan would stick to an agreement to take back citizens deported from mainland europe, days after pakistani interior minister nisar ali khan said islamabad was suspending a repatriation deal.   at oregon (feb. ): the cougs beat the ducks in overtime at beasley coliseum last season, but then lost, -, in eugene.   a total of voted against starting negotiations, more than double the number of rebels in a february vote on extending a second bailout package.   a total of four locations could not be found on maps including russian military documents.   a trade group reported wednesday that u.s. factories expanded last month but at a weaker pace.   “a traditional family should remain the key value of our society,” he said.   at several hearings — including one asking for a change of venue — prosecutors and defenses attorneys gave a glimpse of how they plan to approach the case.   at some point, i do hope to find time for my other passion - ballroom dancing, but it might have to wait until my younger one is in college!   at stanford hospital, doctors told frey's family on dec. that she had listeria infection, and she died later that day, according to the wrongful death complaint.   "attacking cricket comes naturally to the guys we have selected.   attacks on and intimidation of turtle patrols have become commonplace on costa rica's caribbean coast.   at the eastern end of the barbecue society's trail, wilber's ( highway e.) in goldsboro and the skylight inn in ayden ( lee st.), are temples to the eastern style.   at the end of friday's ceremony, the mayor of prads-haute-bleone, bernard bartolini, said the disaster remains present in the mountainous region.   at the end of your life, wearing shorts to outside lands will be just one of your many regrets. angela n. via flickr . dogs.   at the farm level, agroecology means developing and using economically viable practices that work with nature rather than against it.   at the first sign of weakness you see lots of people exit," said adam sarhan, ceo of sarhan capital.   "at the moment elite athletes are signed into a programme called whereabouts.   at the presentation he was awarded the trophy by roy emerson and a special award for , wins by fellow australian legend rod laver.   at the same time, data suggests he would have had a hard time winning his three races if they had occurred on the same day as a presidential election, when turnout among more democratic-leaning constituencies is almost always higher.   at the same time, opec producers are pumping near-record amounts of oil as they try to defend their market share.   at the same time, the country’s exporters are in for a further boost as large-scale asset purchases by the european central bank should weaken the euro, increasing competitiveness in foreign markets.   at the same time, there are tension points owing to india's desire to improve relations with washington.   at the start of , they were expecting a percent jump in s&p earnings for the year.   at the time the girl was years old and weeks pregnant.   at the very least, he showed cluelessness.   at this crucial time in our nation's history, you must elevate racial justice to a central position in your platform.   at this rate it will take , years to roll out universal credit.   at this stage in the campaign, fundraising basically determines who can afford to stay in throughout the primaries next spring, and who needs to bail.   at those speeds, a two-hour high-definition movie could be downloaded in minutes, compared to about minutes today, seagate said.   at&t is offering the first nationwide bundle of services.   at top-level talks on thursday, leaders of germany's federal states received agreement from chancellor angela merkel's government that next year it would provide four billion euros in extra funding to cope with the record influx.   attorney general eric holder photos holder talks to reporters after meeting with u.s. rep. darrell issa, chairman of the house oversight and government reform committee, in june .   attorney general michael lauber said the incidents had been reported by swiss banks.   attorney kent yalowitz said plaintiffs were pleased with the appeals ruling.   attorneys for el centro and the city's police chief, eddie madueno, did not immediately return messages seeking comment thursday.   at website bestblackfriday.   at wednesday's meeting, indonesia and malaysia agreed to temporarily accept thousands of migrants, as long as the international community help to resettle them within one year.   at what point do you estimate you'll overtake it?   "a typical day during the winter involves clearing the entrance every day.   august , - announces that he will not run for re-election in . november , - announces his resignation on the house floor.   august , - a specially equipped medical plane carrying ebola patient dr. kent brantly lands at dobbins air reserve base in marietta, georgia.   august , - two u.s. f/a- jet fighters bomb artillery of sunni islamic extremists in iraq.   austen lost all her money in the stock market crash, and after failing to make ends meet, the women were eventually evicted from the home that's now a museum.   authorities around the region also warned that the saturated soil could cause trees to topple.   authorities had gotten close to sweat twice but didn't know it.   authorities have not explained how or when gray's spine was injured.   authorities in china probed uber in chinese megacity chongqing last year, and guangzhou and chengdu earlier this month, over whether its drivers were operating illegally.   authorities ruled their deaths a double-suicide at the time.   authorities said the pilot -- who was, against all odds, pulled from the wreckage alive -- is in a coma.   authorities said the two children were sent home monday and a third child was in stable condition and being held overnight for observation after the waterspout lifted up the bounce house from the beach.   authorities shut down suspected radical mosque in paris .. france's interior minister has said a mosque suspected of having ties with radical islamists was shut down.   a utility pole fire at the corner of brunswick and st. john streets was to blame.   available in may for an estimated $ to $, the series is made up of four styles of martian-branded timepieces and two guess ones.   a vehicle is flooded following heavy rains and flash flooding along black creek in florence, s.c., monday.   average net profit margin among retailers of all sizes has improved to percent from . percent in the previous -month period.   • avery bradley, a former player for bellarmine prep in tacoma, scored points to lead the boston celtics to a - victory over the heat in miami.   “a very, very hard lesson.   a video from grate app (below) shows the phones rigged up to a table that's actually a very large display.   avoidance strategies based on racism that was the case for carol mcfadden.   avoid expensive airport food and pack a lunch.   avril harris reads out the athlete's oath at the canada winter games.   a way to say "hail caesar!" to a man who changed the face of rome, and the ancient world.   a week ago, -year-old pauline cafferkey, who had been working in west africa with the charity save the children, became the first person to be diagnosed with the disease in britain.   a white marble gravestone stands among rows of military heroes with his name, service, birth and death dates in gold inscription and with the medal of honor insignia.   a wide beach fronts the resort town beyond this dramatic formation.   a win would give canada first place in the group.   a woman bundled against the cold walks past a homeless man in mcpherson square, washington.   a woman wearing a face masks looks at her phone as she exits a subway station in the popular myeongd … president park geun-hye's administration, and health officials in general, have been criticised for responding too slowly to the initial outbreak.   a year ago, dutch fork dominated greenwood at the 'battle on the bluff'.   "a year has passed, the plane has not been located, but the search effort will continue," wang told a news conference in beijing.   a year later, and the novelty has worn off.   a year later, she asks how they have fared in the meantime.   a yemeni foreign ministry official told cnn that his government was not involved in the negotiations for al khalidi's release.   baby: secret of the lost legend () this largely forgotten disney dud was made after harryhausen's era (his last film was released in ) and before the groundbreaking technology of jurassic park.   baby-suitable foods used in the study included smooth peanut butter, peanut soup and finely ground peanuts mixed into yogurt and other foods.   “back in , the best cappuccino was the one with -inch mounds of froth sprinkled with cinnamon,” the restaurateur daniel meyer wrote by email.   back in december, demos from madonna's latest album 'rebel heart' were leaked online, causing madonna to rush-release six of the completed tracks, including lead singles ‘living for love’ and follow-ups ‘ghost town’ and ‘bitch i’m madonna’.   back in january, analysts told you to buy the stock of power company nrg and one rated it a “hold.”   back in may, live earth -- a set of global concerts backed by gore -- announced a delay to planned shows on each inhabited continent.   back in the autumn of , it unveiled a new logo, switching from writing its name in upper case to lower case letters, and introducing a small blue square behind the letter "p".   bakari sellers, a cnn contributor and former south carolina state representative, said that obama had been correct to speak so explicitly and to argue in the wtf interview that societies do not simply erase to years of discrimination overnight.   bakersfield police chief greg williamson discussed at length the emotional toll of the loss of officer david nelson, who was killed during a vehicle chase in june.   baltimore: a parking lot, rams head live, and soundstage of acts ( percent) include women anyone surprised?   baltimore city state's attorney marilyn mosby announced charges against the six officers involved in gray's arrest friday.   baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said schools had no choice but to close tuesday since many teachers called and said they wouldn't work the day after the riots.   bamako (afp) - divided into rival armed factions, plagued by drug trafficking and at the mercy of jihadism, northern mali will only find peace through reconciliation among its warring tribes, experts say.   • ban watering of ornamental grass on public street medians.   barack obama has urged iran to keep its nuclear program on hold for at least a decade, as part of a possible deal to ease sanctions.   barack obama's presidency photos obama stands on stage in chicago, illinois, with his family after defeating republican presidential candidate john mccain on november , .   barb bromley died sunday aged . (submitted by bob bromley) "she had quite a range of experience," says her son, weledeh mla bob bromley.   barbeau's supporters believe the federal government is out to get many of those who came to defend bundy, some of whom aimed weapons at federal agents.   barbour described rick santorum's last-minute surge there in , which ultimately landed him an unexpectedly robust finish in the caucuses, as a model for what perry is trying to achieve.   ’ barbre has just eight career starts in seven seasons, and just one since .   bar code scanners display prices, which match the heavily-discounted prices online.   barely percent of the population has access to clean and disease-free potable water, according to a study by dow university of health sciences (duhs) and the pakistan council for scientific and industrial research (pcsir).   based on a survey of cards, creditcards.com found that the average cash advance apr is percent.   based on the data, unicef reported that million children under the age of five have been saved since governments committed to achieving the un goal in .   based on the league-sanctioned wells report, brady was suspended and the patriots were fined $ million and docked a pair of draft picks.   based on u.s. health guidelines, he should have received ounces to stay alive, the report said.   basically, this means that the vehicle was manufactured with less platform components (roughly % less) and that shaves off about pounds!   basit's lawyer wassam waheed confirmed the last minute stay of execution.   "be assured that anyone found engaging in such despicable activity, be they staff, inmate or member of the general public, will be dealt with to the fullest extent of the law," dr. nottage said.   "beating andy feels amazing."   beautiful clark park (rd and chester ave) will transform into an outdoor amphitheater to showcase a great lineup of films projected on a giant screen in yet another signature event from ucd.   "because a lot of people are hurt from this it wasn't meant to happen like this," she said.   "because he didn't want to" and loved being governor, andrew cuomo said in a heartfelt speech that mixed political legacy, personal memories of his "pops" and calls to move the state forward in his father's footsteps.   "because i don't like having a bad defensive team.   because i want every young person we've cuffed and hauled away from school to feel the same way ahmed does today.   "because many rapes are facilitated by drugs or alcohol, the new definition recognizes that a victim can be incapacitated and thus unable to consent because of ingestion of drugs or alcohol," the department of justice said at the time.   because of additional costs."   because of the dismal weather, the russians opted to forego setting up a medical tent at the landing site to expedite the crew's departure to nearby dzhezkazgan.   because refugees are strictly prohibited from working in jordan, i've heard syrian parents speak of the shame they feel in not being able to provide for their children's basic needs.   because the new portion of the tax breaks won’t start until , the public won’t get to see tax data on them for boeing or other firms until , according to the agency.   because the vatican is not a state.   "because they show correspondence or information from the ministry, mr. lawrence works directly with us," said harpauer.   because this link is one of the most robust between climate change and extreme weather the budding field of extreme event attribution has focused much attention on trying to pinpoint what role warming may have played in particular events.   "because when families are strong, america is strong.   becki norris, who taught at tsarnaev’s middle school, described him as "one of our top students and our top athletes."   beeler worked out of a one-out, bases-loaded jam in the cardinals' fourth.   beerfest: the first ever rocktober beerfest takes place this weekend in the west loop with brews from goose island and nosh from publican quality meats.   beer is the reason we crawled out of the..   beethoven only wrote on opera: "fidelio" . he was inspired and infuriated by napoleon.   before , the last general election in myanmar, then burma, was held in , but the military did not allow parliament to convene.   before a thursday meeting on the monuments, a handful of people held confederate flags in support of the statues while a larger group gathered next to them and held signs demanding removal.   before friday's disclosure about possible projectiles, the probe was focusing on why the train accelerated to mph from in the minute before it derailed.   before he could place an order, the etf had bounced back, then the screen of his thomson terminal filled with red trading halts.   before that, he made parts for airplanes by day — and nights he worked as a bartender.   before the game against the lions, head coach jeff fisher said, "despite the fact that we've lost consecutive games, he's playing at a level that i've not seen other defensive linemen play, inside like that.   "before the game she said 'please make a goal,' but she says that every game," said donadel, whose family only recently joined him in montreal after he moved to the major league soccer club in january from verona of the italian league.   before the show aired, stephen tweeted his followers to thank them for their support, regardless of the outcome.   before the violence drove most of central africa republic's muslims away, the country was about percent catholic, , percent muslim, percent protestant, and percent practicing indigenous faiths.   begin your march break by bringing the kids to the halifax central library on spring garden road for lots of kids’ cbc fun on saturday, march – a.m. to noon.   behind closed doors, you're more than likely going to find a new yorker hunched over a laptop scarfing down microwaved leftovers or take-out from a plastic container while binge-watching the americans.   beijing's growth target for the year is percent -- a goal it said it met in the first six months.   being a veteran, i nodded, and made tracks for the bhagwa.   "being strong enough to prevent others from attacking you is not an act of aggression.   beirut's faded glamor photos man in charge – owner mounir samaha was always on hand greeting regulars, doling out ever more bottles of whitbread beer specially imported from the uk and chatting to air hostesses.   belgian terror: brussels on lockdown as belgian officials raised the country’s security level and undertook an extensive search for salah abdeslam, who participated in the paris attacks, parts of the city of brussels were virtually shut down.   believe me, i get it.   bellizzi said deming stole two pieces of equipment from his job sites last month-- workers recovered a john deere in woodinville using a gps device that was already installed on the equipment and two weeks later they found their mini excavator.   beloved animals photos seaworld's shamu, the first orca to survive for more than a year in captivity, became a celebrated attraction at the san diego park -- so much so that other orcas have been named shamu.   benjamin benschneider / the seattle times “the kitchen was so small we really couldn’t have many people over.   bennett reiterated her government's commitment after her first formal meeting with the families of missing and murdered indigenous women in ottawa on friday.   benno, meantime, has diligently returned to his old ways.   ben reilly took over as the new spider-man, and a large number of readers revolted.   ben was visiting his brother and left colville early saturday morning.   berlin expects , refugees and migrants this year.   bernier was shaky throughout the game, surrendering rebounds.   bernie sanders: -. — foreign policy: - vermont sen. bernie sanders has made income inequality the centerpiece of his presidential campaign this year.   berra, who in torre’s words “personified the american dream,” died a week ago at years old.   bertaud pointed out that schengen states were exceptionally allowed to introduce border checks after a security threat -- raising the question of whether eu states could claim the huge number of migrants represented just that.   besides her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband of years joseph wesley lyda and sisters daisy sisk and elizabeth mayes.   best ever world cup - gosper certainly, world rugby's chief executive has plenty of reasons to be pleased - and not just because the country of his birth, australia - will contest this weekend's final against arch-rivals new zealand.   best known for letting users send each other cute cartoon "stickers", line is hugely popular in japan, particularly among teenagers.   best of all: "no helmet required!"   beth sanders added: “we all joined with the intention of using it because it was a good price and it’s in a good location.   better controls: in the old blimps, pilots steered using controls connected to steel cables that moved the rudder and elevators at the back of the aircraft.   better run.) but in addition to helping humans make rational decisions, hadd may have planted the seeds for religious thought.   "better than losing in the first round of the doubles," he said, recalling his brief exploits with swiss compatriot michael lammer.   between and , the deaths of other high school football players were indirectly related to the sport, according to nccsir.   between and , nader saadeh allegedly sent electronic messages to his unidentified co-conspirator denouncing the united states and his desire to form a small army with his friends.   between . and . cents per litre is being proposed for years to give firms a percent return on equity.   between 'cute' and 'hysterical' gabriel tries to counter this opposition with facts.   between january and march, swiss exports fell . percent as the swiss franc jumped in value.   between these two polar extremes of consumer travel, there's a growing trend toward using aircraft interiors to develop more intermediate classes.   beyond her emotional well-being, she said, surgery would enable her to compete as a woman in running events and use the women's locker room at her gym.   beyond internet shouting matches, these exchanges rarely go any further.   beyond mere electoral success, the migrant crisis has also sparked large street protests.   b：he’s the head of production at the tainan factory.   biden said last week he is not sure he has the emotional energy for a candidacy following the death of his son beau in may from cancer.   biden was reportedly asked by a dnc member on wednesday's call about his plans for , and he demurred.   bids will be opened at : p.m. or as soon afterwards as possible.   big-box retailer costco gained . percent after reporting that same-store us sales jumped five percent in december.   big snowfall in inuvik on last day of september an icy, slippery day in inuvik today, which saw quite a bit of snow fall this morning - on the last day of september.   bill ackman, the company's second-largest shareholder, told investors on friday that "life will go on" for the company and blamed bad public relations and naive investors for valeant's predicament.   bill bradley associate tv editor, the huffington post polygram filmed entertainment just when netflix gets our hopes up with new movies and shows, they take some away.   billett brought a photo album with war memories from her late husband to share with passersby, and wears her mother's silver cross.   bill fordy, the surrey rcmp officer in charge of the investigation, said on monday that a special tip line has been set up — anyone with information about the recent shootings can call --.   billions of dollars worth of treasure the discovery is the latest chapter in a saga that began three centuries ago, on june , , when the galleon ship with people aboard sank as it was trying to outrun a fleet of british warships.   bill o'reilly plans book, tv project about wild west by hillel italie hours ago new york (ap) — a companion book to bill o'reilly's fox news wild west project will come out in april.   bills pleaded guilty separately to charges of arson and attempted cruelty to animals and is scheduled to be sentenced on monday, price said.   billy eugene harris, jr. billy eugene harris, jr., , passed away tuesday, november , .   bin hammam says he is innocent but in december he resigns all his football positions after a fifa report finds him guilty of violating the conflict of interest clauses in its code of ethics and bans him from all football-related activity for life.   bishkin said casebolt detained people at the party because he thought they were possible suspects.   blackberry devices accounted for about percent of the smartphone market in , according to the international data corp. that number has now dropped to a mere . percent in .   black cat ( th street nw) p.m. free humor: brian agler (mcsweeney's, splitsider, funny or die) hosts "d.   black elk peak and harmony peak were two of the names recommended at the custer meeting.   black eye in wednesday's settlement, the sec said s&p agreed to pay $ million to settle three matters with the agency plus $ million to settle parallel cases with the attorneys general of new york and massachusetts.   blackhawks g scott darling made his first start of the season.   black lives matter!"   blacks with the same education levels as whites still have a harder time finding work.   "blaine, blaine, james g. blaine, the continental liar from the state of maine," was grover cleveland's slogan in .   blessed to welcome our son, tobias, into the world.   bloomberg's katia porzecanski and betty liu report on "bloomberg markets."   bob and bonnie weissman married at the heidelburg castle, heidelburg, germany when they were both army officers, on august , .   bobby gosnell, who brought candles tuesday night, echoed how easily stettenbenz formed relationships.   bob christie view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   bob condotta covers the seahawks for the seattle times.   bo … but in the same recorded interview, holmes also said he kept the details to himself so that no one could thwart his plans.   body painter makes models disappear this classic car is still racing today why do people love audrey hepburn's 'look'?   boehner was only a subcommittee chairman but he was more productive than many chairmen.   boeing also announced monday that eva airways corp. of taiwan intends to purchase five of the cargo planes worth more than $. billion at list prices.   bond, , was charged as an accessory to murder after the fact.   bond street executives are aware that not all of these new companies will succeed but believes their business model will enable them to endure.   booby-trapped programs could be tailored to targets of any persuasion.   "boomers have extra disposable income, which they are willing to put into houses, high-end toys or products," says scott rothbort, president of lakeview asset management, an investment firm in henderson, nevada.   boring style of play "i wasn't too impressed with our effort today," lehner said.   born dec. , , in bottineau, north dakota, dahl was raised in spokane, washington.   boston parking spot asking for $k the earth could be full of tiny, unreachable diamonds star wars tops xmas toy list duration: : hrs ago star wars dominates santa's list of the top most anticipated toys this christmas, taking three spots.   both administrations feared that returning yemeni prisoners could exacerbate a tense situation, and so as large numbers of low-level detainees from other countries were sent home years ago, most of the yemenis remained.   both bills have passed their second reading at queen's park and have been referred to a standing committee.   both boudreau and soharwardy want a national inquiry to shine a light on those who are working as puppeteers behind the scenes.   both can be done, and sincere, honest questions can be asked and answered.   both cars had been travelling in the same direction, from brenzett towards lydd.   both cultural and traditional, the dumpling is a symbol of home and family.   both drugs used to treat the retinal condition under the program are made by the same company.   both gallant and notley affirmed their support for the $-billion energy east pipeline, which would take alberta crude oil east to saint john, n.b. where it would be refined and shipped to international markets.   both groups have been known to help parents understand and support their autistic children, as well as offer support groups for autistic adults and play groups for autistic children.   both had been staying in the same asylum center, police said.   both interpretations have their own merits, but one key difference is that the vega has been backed by sinclair research, the company that sinclair didn't sell to amstrad/sky.   both men are sufficiently well-known to attract the attention of russia’s dwindling oppositional minority, but neither has the superstar status that would preclude identifying with him.   both men have pleaded not guilty to robbery charges in the sept. theft of a camera in beverly hills.   both men were taken to the hospital where one of them was pronounced dead.   both sustained elbow ailments against toronto.   both victims refused medical attention.   both went to a hospital with injuries that are not considered life-threatening, he said.   bottlenecks have also been exacerbated in part by hungary closing its borders with serbia and croatia, forcing migrants to seek alternative routes north.   box inc. (box): "i think box is fine, it's long term and i'm not looking for them to shoot the lights out in the first quarter.   bradford, on friday, declined to be more specific about the final amount.   brady tossed two touchdowns in the second half as the patriots improved to - for the fourth time in his -year nfl career.   brady was scheduled to appear at a q&a at salem state university thursday night.   branch lost his pups, tonka, buick, francis and snickers, in a tragic accident at green acre cage free dog boarding last june.   brandon's weapon turned out to be a replica pellet gun that resembled a -caliber handgun.   brands inc., the owner of kfc, didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.   brattin also wasn't immediately available to comment, but co-sponsor rep. kurt bahr said his goal in supporting the bill is to show that some state lawmakers don't approve of how university of missouri administrators handled student unrest.   brazil face the us tomorrow at the gillette stadium in foxborough, massachusetts, home of the nfl’s new england patriots.   "brazil has put its act together," batista told minutes in .   brazil said he met with the canadian ambassador to romania this week, and is scheduled to speak with federal officials in ottawa next month.   breaking the law is a misdemeanor offense and could mean between $ and $ in fines.   breaks my heart."   bredbandsbolaget allegedly refused to comply and reaffirmed its only role is to provide customers with internet access and to ensure the free-flow of information.   brenda koppenol and three juvenile passengers were moderately injured in the crash and were taken to northoaks hospital.   brendan gleeson also has a supporting role as a detective who uses early surveillance tactics to find out who the ringleaders of the suffragettes are.   brian tracey, owner of ride the ducks of seattle, said sunday night he was in "complete agreement" with keeping the boats parked pending the inspections.   brian villers said in a statement.   bridgewater police services received a complaint from a bridgewater mall security officer shortly after : p.m. friday.   britain and france each have about suspected ex-isis warriors within their borders, and many times that number of suspected homegrown radicals.   britain ends military support for ebola fight in west africa day ago london, nov. (upi) -- british military involvement in the fight against the lethal ebola outbreak in west africa came to an end as the final eight military personnel returned home.   britain says: let's celebrate that fact, let's acknowledge that the answer to every problem is not always more europe.   british attempts to fly home thousands of holidaymakers on friday were mired in confusion when egypt restricted the number of flights, citing capacity limits at sharm al-sheikh airport and british airliners' refusal to take passenger luggage in the hold.   brook and his team have a few theories about that.   brooklyn-based pawz, which makes bright colored rubber boots for dogs, also see sales peak in the winter.   brooklynn was one of them.   brooks is now upgrading his systems to allow loan work to be done by different people at the same time, instead of following a rigid assembly line sequence that can be held up by a single person.   brown: ambassador toon was standing out on the curb, dressed in a tuxedo.   brown most recently rejected davis' parole a year ago, saying he remains dangerous despite his age.   brown said the next day.   brown signed the california fair pay act in the san francisco bay area city of richmond at the rosie the riveter national historic park, which honors women who worked in factories during world war two.   bryan, a renowned orator, was known for his long-winded speeches.   bryan bishop: unlike the last two terminator sequels, genisys is a film that is very aware it’s part of a legacy — not just narratively, but visually, as well.   btg has shares in construction companies, online media and many other sectors.   bt, which entered the sports pay-tv market in , will pay million pounds to screen matches a season over the three years.   budenholzer turned the game over to backups such as mike muscala, john jenkins and shelvin mack for much of the final period.   bud withers: -- or bwithers@seattletimes.com four weeks for cents of unlimited digital access to the seattle times.   • buffer zone separating heavy weapons of both sides.   buhari who took over in may, has given the military until the month's end to end the unrest.   built lean, new horizons does not carry propellant for a braking burn to slow down and slip into orbit around pluto.   bui's age and the nature of his injuries weren't immediately clear.   bullets hit the walls in front of them as they ran for the exit.   bullied for being different in a country where around % of the population is considered to be the same race, this beauty queen says she was bullied for being different.   bundesliga club cologne have taken drastic measures after the fans lit flares and stormed the field at the end of their derby against borussia mönchengladbach on saturday.   bundesliga: cologne condemn gladbach to derby defeat, bayern crush darmstadt baayen visited darmstadt in a goliath-versus-david clash.   bundesliga: lewandowski unstoppable, gladbach win again .. as the season begins to pick up pace, so does the excitement.   burial will be in oak grove cemetery in jerseyville, with the jerseyville american legion post conducting military graveside rites.   burial will follow in the u.s. national cemetery.   "burkina faso are very strong opponents.   burundi burundi's nkurunziza wins controversial third term president nkurunziza has won a third term after a controversial election that was boycotted by main opposition groups.   burundi's first vice-president gaston sindimwo told dw the dialogue is underway for the restoration of peace and security.   busbee creative arts academy will have three new teachers and brookland-cayce high school will have two new teachers.   bus carrying young athletes collides with truck in moroccan desert, killed a bus carrying a group of young athletes and government officials has crashed into a tanker truck in southern morocco.   busch is co-author of the article with diego román, assistant professor of education at southern methodist university, dallas.   bush has also made overtures to liberal voters, softening some of his more socially conservative positions on same-sex marriage, immigration and marijuana legalization.   "bushman shares a cage with bronx park apes," trumpeted a new york times headline on september . "the human being happened to be a bushman, one of a race that scientists do not rate high in the human scale," said the article.   bush's son john ellis bush jr. attended university of texas at austin years later.   bush, struggling to break through to the top of the gop pack, was clearly trying to deliver the attack of the evening -- but rubio quickly and effectively counterpunched.   bush surprised observers by pledging to eliminate a tax break that benefits investment managers — a small but symbolically potent change to a wall street benefit that comes weeks after rival donald trump called for such a move.   bush was not the only candidate who lagged with small donors, although his challenge was by far the most pronounced.   businesses operating in india currently pay some of the highest rates in the world.   businessman donald trump speaks to guests gathered for the republican party of iowa's lincoln dinner at the iowa events center on may , in des moines, iowa.   businesswoman elizabeth zemdegs thinks the environment should be a priority when reforming the crown lands act. (cbc) members of the east coast trail association turned out to call for changes to protect its -km coastal pathway.   but was a different story: as a natural-born klutz, i managed to fracture my foot, contract pink eye, and get a splinter stuck deep enough in my hand it required surgical removal.   but -year-old john dashti said he's not giving in. "they're trying, basically doing whatever it takes, to put me in a cage," he said.   but a cause of death won't be determined until other tests are completed.   but after allowing three goals on three shots, lack was back to work in relief of the swedish goalie.   but, after disappearing from frame for several minutes, the video does show him making his way out of the apartment apparently sniffing a pair of panties.   but after that, her parents vikki and rob plans are to spend £, of the total on a new trial to help kick the disease for good.   but all three us sports have an audience in mexico.   but an international team of researchers claims this is just a fluke.   but a peek under the hood (or hull) reveals a ship with a highly advanced power system.   but apparently it's not enough of a warning sometimes.   but, arlene holmes said, during the first months of , his emails grew shorter and less frequent.   but as a -year-old with the power of social media at my disposal, i watch the endless youtube videos aggregating the news coverage of refugees.   but a second senior u.s. official said most of the leaders of the region’s countries, all majority muslim, could not be “openly effusive” about the presence of u.s. troops near their borders and instead could only praise the move in private.   but as for considering inmates who have been convicted of violent crimes, "we will not be changing that," he said.   but, as griggs explained, carroll high had another name for it.   but as its rivals caught up, and dropbox began casting about for its next act, jobs has come to look more prescient.   but as long as a literally interpreted bible remains the authority for millions of christians, we will be struggling with its mixed messages about the meaning of the races.   but as the post points out, the survey polled across party affiliations, so it's possible cruz isn't as doomed in the republican primary as it seems he would be in the general election.   but, as they say in the world of sports cliches: a win is a win is a win.   but athens has argued they are needlessly harsh for the broader economy, which has suffered a depression and has shrunk by a quarter in the last five years.   but a time-count violation with : on the clock meant the loss of a down and calgary got the ball back.   but at what cost?   but authorities in sierra leone have been warned to remain vigilant as the country enters a -day intensive surveillance period.   but a week after nisman's body was found, she appeared on national television.   but believe it or not, financial advisers operate under no such commitment, even though they hold your precious, hard-earned nest egg in their hands.   but bosnians wanted more — a functioning country and european union membership.   but both u.s. administration officials and saudi government aides said there was no snub intended, and in his office wednesday obama declared the bonds between the countries strong.   but cadman, the bill's sponsor, said the proposal will fix an important problem.   but campbell defended his decision not to take a timeout monday.   but china apparently got the gas at a bargain.   but china has jangled nerves, especially in its territorial disputes in the south and east china seas with a growing assertiveness.   but climbers say the area isn't something you can use chemical cleaners on, so it’ll take a lot of elbow grease to get the paint off.   but critics of the deal argue that workers for larger companies that have a global reach already will be in a better position to benefit than workers at smaller businesses.   but deployed over and over again, the freshness wears away and the phrases begin to suggest an odd kind of metaphysical dualism.   but derivatives have also been used — sometimes recklessly — by financial firms to speculate.   but despite knowing about the troubled mother-daughter relationship between von wiese-mack and heather, word of his friend’s death had him in disbelief.   but despite upholding past apologies from his predecessors for the country's actions in world war ii, the nationalist premier failed again to issue a personal "heartfelt apology."   but djukanovic, speaking during an official visit to slovenia, insisted monday that his government could handle the protesters.   but don't expect airlines to suddenly flood the market.   but einstein was more than that.   but eleanor (roberta maxwell, who evolves expertly from cynicism to warmth and sympathy) and the scholar (anthony fusco, who bristles with stagy excess), serve only to provide a starting point for the drama.   but enlitic is putting it all together -- radiology, pathology, genomic, electronic medical records and more.   but environmentalists and scientists remain concerned about the reef's long-term fate.   but even though the museum has described itself that way for nearly years, it focuses on the strict definition of modern art, highlighting pieces by a recurring cast of th and early th century artists.   "but even within that restriction a number of them do get to the games."   but false alarm, or at least nothing to be alarmed about: it was just the visiting fans showing up en masse and the police looking to head off any trouble.   but "first take" colleague stephen a. smith wasn't all that charitable either.   but first, the original.   but fleming came around after the premiere of "dr.   but for all their brutality, assad's forces are not directing attacks in european capitals, beheading american journalists or downing russian passenger jets.   but for many italian americans, who take pride in the explorer's italian roots, the holiday is a celebration of their heritage and role in building america.   but for some time it has been pushing the country in that direction," said bahy eddin hassan, director of the cairo institute for human rights studies.   but fortunately enough for them, there are still two weeks of games to be played.   but for would-be cord-cutters, watching live sports online has been elusive — until now.   but fowler had done enough, his three-birdies-in-four-holes finish winning the day in what was just his second scottish open appearance.   but garcia emphasized the potential risk associated with the meeting.   but ghosh says it doesn’t have to be hopeless.   but guzman was behind bars barely months.   but haley says as long as nothing's changed in who's being resettled in the state, neither will her stance.   but hall came to trust her: "she's real people," he says.   but he cautioned that people who collect food from trash cans were not always in a position to determine whether the products that have exceed the expiration date are still edible.   but he cautions that it could leave her insensitive to the concerns of working-class voters.   but he did not have the tools.   but he knew he had something big on his hands.   but he never had a chance to process any of it.   but he noted that critics have complained that takata had not provided enough information to regulators on the issue.   "but her ability to build and grow that constituency in a way that would allow her to, you know, actually have a chance at winning would be entirely dependent on her having built a political apparatus that she has never shown an interest in doing."   but here, it's quiet enough," kirilov says at the holy trinity church.   but he remembers the moment he checked his email account.   but her pension cannot even cover the costs of medication.   but he said as the company expands, he will establish one.   but he said, "i just wish it didn't go so too far."   but he said the responsibility would rest with manufacturers.   but he said too many companies still turned a blind eye to their commercial activities destroying forests.   but he says the festival struggled in finding its own unique identity.   but he’s got to go through the process.”   but he was fired last year after u.s. sales of the company's diabetes drug lantus faltered and for what chairman serge weinberg called poor communication with the board.   but his career really didn't hit its stride until the s, when a series of character roles made him a sought-after supporting figure.   but his office acknowledges that "coordination" sounds like a far more realistic goal.   but idaho's stringent marijuana laws do not allow for medicinal use.   but i don't believe we can ever fully heal until justice is served and i think the expectance for us to do so without the latter is something that needs to be changed as well as the rhetoric around healing and pacification.   "but i do remember, i found a bunch of papers of things i'd written in high school, and this great revelation i'd had last week was already there in high school, and better expressed.   but if forced to sign up for reserved zones, the two fear a lasciviously dressed performer could be standing in the wings waiting for their turn in the spot, potentially driving away families looking for balloon-animals for their kids.   but if the case is dismissed, she said telecoms will undoubtedly sue again.   but if you know anything about satanists, you know that messing with goats is a bad idea.   but if you talk to people in the defense establishment in dehli or local activists and they're saying climate change is going to drive up sea levels in bangladesh and create all these refugees, and we've got to deal with them.   "but i might have to go tomorrow morning.   "but i'm still mediocre, and it's aggravating me.   but in , pebble is primed to reclaim its place atop kickstarter.   but in a city where canals and parks are littered with rubbish, and even the smallest purchase is often double wrapped in plastic, adji knows he's facing an uphill battle.   but in a jailhouse interview with a phoenix tv station tuesday, cruz denied sexually and physically abusing his daughter.   but in any case, he said the embassy is prepared to extend any assistance to the estimated , filipino workers should there be threats to peace and security in greece following the referendum that has divided the debt-stricken state.   but in a radio interview months later, harper flip-flopped and said wright had been "dismissed."   but in his meetings with xi and indonesian president joko widodo in turkey, trudeau was using the g summit to get a head start on deepening canada's economic relations in asia, a priority he identified in his instruction letters to his new cabinet.   but in his observations of feral cats, he said, "you get a meow about once every hundred hours.   but in the final tally his party fell to second place with of the national assembly seats.   but in the past week, tsipras made sure to underscore the potential threat of his moscow trip.   but in the u.s. and canada independent contractors have little to no job protection, while employees are typically entitled to benefits, like sick days, holiday pay and a pension.   but investigators have discovered this was all an elaborate lie and declared it a "carefully staged suicide" and the work of an officer who had been stealing money from the department for years.   but iphones wouldn't be the first time apple revamped a seemingly mature market.   but islamist jihadists have attacked north african tourist sites before, seeing them as legitimate targets because of their open western lifestyles and tolerance of alcohol.   but it could also mean lucrative sponsorship deals for the team's most recognizable players.   but it is all a hoax.   but it is proving to be a stubborn one.   but it not only isn’t crazy.   but it only was built to work on certain phone lines, namely voice-over-internet protocol, or voip.   but it recently raised $ million in a round led by bessemer ventures so that it can send satellites into orbit in the second half of this year and by the end of .   but it's a sign of respect, says bob quasius, founder of cafe con leche republicans, which presses for the republican party to become more inclusive of hispanics.   but it's not clear if the current rally in gold is the start of a new gold rush or just another fool's gold head fake.   but it’s not us that gets the person out, it’s the landlord.”   but it's worth one more long look at the candidate who's leading on the other side of the aisle.   but it was easy to find skepticism about the apple talks on monday night along with serious prognostications and wishful thinking.   but it wasn't just the main booths that attracted the attention of the convention goers.   but it wasn't until a person staying with bella's mother provided the crucial tip that investigators were able to identify her, the law enforcement official said.   but it will probably be around ..   but it would help ensure we hit the -degree target.   "but i understood i have the privilege to influence through the restaurant."   but i was never going to walk away.   but i would challenge him as a child.   but judging by the data of its movement in the last moments before the crash, i watched the pilots literally "fighting with the plane" – sharp, chaotic movement.   but kenyans also cross north into somalia, some to fight for al-shabaab, then they return home to help whip up fervor with its kenyan affiliate al hijra, cfr has said.   but kvitova's experience showed.   but latinos are well positioned to thwart the republican bid for the presidency and save america from itself.   but let's be clear: i am not-quite-literally drowning in this sea of meta-reality.   but make no mistake: this trial has never been about whether tsarnaev did it.   but many more in this large, poor and ethnically diverse nation still see suu kyi as myanmar's best hope.   but marine records indicate that routh was attached to combat logistics battalion , based in fallujah -- more than an hour south of balad.   but marriage inequality didn't stir them to take action.   but men who delay sharing stories of abuse or rape are readily believed, even when it's a religious figure such as a priest involved, leno said.   but more importantly, they will determine the future for nigeria's people.   but more than that, his thesis falls into the same trap of not acknowledging or really confronting the problem of how the mind affects the body and vice versa.   but most democrats say they are not interested in such talks.   “but most of the focus has moved strictly towards the javelin,” schnabel said.   but mr shaikh did face some challenges on his first day back.   but ms hutt told bbc wales some of his other measures would make young people suffer.   but ms. salamata fofana showed a picture on her mobile phone of a “solar stove,” built with a cardboard base and aluminum walls.   but ndp leader tom mulcair told the house the government's "wait-and-see approach" is a sign the conservatives are "panicking."   but new york bulls striker cahill said that wasn't such a bad thing.   but no justice, including -year-old ruth bader ginsburg, has given any hint that retirement is imminent.   but no mention of touching, however, raising the question of how a child can become “it” without being touched.   but not all police agree.   but not every audience member approaches sci-fi like that.   but not everyone appreciates the suggestion.   but not everyone is happy with the plan.   but not just any job.   but not long after he changed his mind.   but now, when they're sent out to pick up people on bench warrants because they can't appear in court, that's going to erode some of the relationship that we have developed over the years with them," he says.   but obama's absence did show that the struggle against radical islam is "not all about america," he said.   but obviously he stood more of a chance of getting shot by a rival gang mob than you or i do because he put himself in that situation.   but once off base, by his own account, bergdahl realized he was in trouble.   but once we rode the horse of nationalism, there was no way out.   but one entire village has been put on lockdown.   but on newer roads, this is not the case - so new facilities would have to be built, and manned.   butov said russia is unlikely to dispute the basic principles of the assessment criteria.   but pakistan again struggled to give its innings early impetus.   but party officials say competition in the upcoming primary will be fierce, making it difficult for her to secure a place high enough on the party's list to guarantee a seat.   but payette says they are not going anywhere in years because the technology needed to go to mars doesn't exist.   but political reconciliation has moved at a crawl.   but potential obstacles remain in the form of optimizing drug delivery and possible side effects, while the history of biotech advances suggests some unforeseen setbacks are likely as the technology moves into large clinical trials.   but power blackouts in the capital city of kathmandu, supply shortages and difficulties getting around complicated the efforts.   but quite a few provided no details beyond a set of data entry fields.   but rcmp members said they have seen many situations where winter tires would have made a difference.   but really, isn’t that worth it?   but recent news hints that j.j. abrams, who proved he knows his way around nostalgia-pastiche with star trek, might be up to something clever.   but right now i do not have much respect for germany's policies toward greece.   but senate budget hawks such as pat toomey, r-pa., have insisted on a procedural hurdle that would force defense hawks to muster votes in the -member senate to deliver the extra cash to the pentagon.   but she had range.   but she won't be drawn too far on one of the most divisive issues that lies ahead for the church of england: that of same-sex marriage.   but shin said the dvd merely proved that his father was still alive.   but shortly after the raid, the berlin hierarchy became alarmed at the triumphant tone of german reporting.   but so far the details on these issues have pointed to rather mundane causes.   but some, beset by old age or infirmity, are compelled to.   but something about that netflix rep's comment to variety just reads as vague and open-ended: "this was not released from netflix."   but starbucks, which acquired la boulange not for the s.f. bakeries but to further the food offerings in its cafes, confirmed that it had transfered the leases of five former la boulange locations to an entity owned by rigo.   but still, this is a kid having the opportunity to live out a dream and i am happy for him.   but such promise comes with a hefty price tag.   but such threats were never standard practice.   but thanks to its new german design chief, kia is making a splash at home and has hopes of doing the same in the u.s. while korean car sales plunged .% in this year's first quarter, kia's rose .%.   but that cost is small compared to allowing isis messages to go without an effective challenge.   but that has all changed.   but that's easier said than done.   but that's unlikely right now, clapper said.   but the beethoven work, sleek and subtle and spirited, is a totally different creature from mahler’s vast, sprawling symphony (the first of he would write, though the tenth was not completed).   but the big drop in energy prices may muddle the fed's inflation outlook.   but the centre has also had successes.   but the coaches will want to see in games how he does at the subtler aspects, such as blocking and getting downfield on punts.   but the commission says most are unknown, add those determined in an evaluation to be “nuisance candidates'' who cannot mount a national campaign will be stricken from the candidate's list.   but the common explanations for these annoyances often don't tell the whole story.   but the conclusion of the negotiations over the tpp last week exposed a glaring difference between clinton and biden.   but the costs stack up quickly compared with apple music's $-a-month offer that lets the whole gang join.   but the currency continued to slide, hitting record lows.   but, the deeper the plane descends into the atmosphere at night, the more likely it is to encounter the trade winds blowing to the west.   but the exposure and the feedback that we got – both positive and negative – is just overwhelming.   but the federal statistics show a similar trend, with a one-percentage point jump to an all-time high of percent, while percent of non-athletes graduate over the same time.   but the flash of togetherness helps the episode stay focused on the main cast, which is always when empire shines.   “but the great thing about the pro bowl is that it's a celebration of the end of the season, so we are much more open to where in the world would it be fantastic for players to go and celebrate the end of the season.   but the higher construction cost of these plants – because of the use of more structural steel – is a disadvantage, said anand upadhyay, associate fellow with the energy and resources institute (teri) in delhi.   but the industry lobby in question, which included chemical companies basf and bayer, managed to keep postponing the european parliament's orders, partly by applying the ttip argument.   but the journey from french-made banger to amphibious dream machine has not all been smooth sailing.   but the narrow readings of confucian texts cited above have been rejected by scholars such as sam crane.   but then came something that seemed so contrary to this main tory message: why then, i started to ask myself, is george osborne so hell-bent on cutting tax credits for working people?   but the new poll also finds that percent of those who initially said they support new sanctions say that congress should hold off if the administration says it would reduce the likelihood of a future deal.   "but the overall result is pretty much unchanged..   but the pen is mightier than the sword, or guns in this case.   but the percentage of respondents with this concern has dropped from . percent in q of to . percent in q.   but the political elite, on the other hand, views the protestant leader with sharper eyes.   but the press today, they don't make any money on articles about 'look this job number's up.'   but the process does appear to have become more fraught since kanfach arrived: the spanish government stopped accepting asylum petitions at its foreign embassies in , about a year before the first arab spring demonstrations broke out.   but the projected total is more than double the $. trillion needed through the end of this decade to modernize and upgrade the crumbling u.s. infrastructure, according to projections of the american society of civil engineers.   but there are limits.   “but there have already been changes made in school safety and gun control measures as a result of this commission's work that have already saved lives,” he said.   "but there is a difference between training your habits and being set in your ways.   but the remark, at least on its surface, was about the courage it takes for students to go back to community college after being out for years.   but there’s something going on there.   but the right-handed paes flicked his racket behind his back and somehow kept a volley in play during a point that he won with his subsequent shot.   but these jobs cost more and take more time than temporary sealing, which also entails multiple seals but allows a smaller uppermost plug to be set , feet down from the mouth of the well.   but the size and scale of the benefits conferred by the internet are widening the gaps between the digital haves and have-nots.   but the technology simply wasn't yet ready for prime time.   but the trade fell apart late wednesday night -- after flores, who had been told by fans and teammates alike that he was being traded, broke down and cried while playing shortstop in the eighth inning of a loss to the san diego padres.   but the two countries "have very different views of how society should be organized," obama said.   but the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration, not education.   but the u.s. conference of catholic bishops has increasingly put its resources behind high-profile fights over abortion, contraception and gay marriage.   but the vancouver island singer-songwriter does have hoppin' tunes that can compete with the likes of raffi, fred penner and bobs and lolo.   but they accounted for . percent of sales dollars, more than double their volume share.   but they can also help save your privacy.   but they face formidable competition from "mad men" star elisabeth moss and tatiana maslany, who plays multiple characters on cult favorite "orphan black."   but the ypg units were still very much in evidence at their checkpoints and small bases around mount sinjar early in november, as was their distinct yellow flag with a red star at its center.   but they've been drawn to the republican party ever since barry goldwater became their champion in his failed bid for the presidency.   but they were never that close off the golf course.   but they will also make it possible to redesign work, creating new opportunities for workers and greater value for businesses and their customers.   but they will not give the neighborhood school a chance.   but this isn't living, people.   but this is only the beginning of a process to try to convince the parliament, government and swiss people to officially agree to replace the existing anthem.   but this season should be different.   but this woman comes from an area of the world where women have worn veils of one kind or another for thousands of years.   but those who testified in support of the ferguson effect weren't police officers, but conservative commentators and individuals from think tanks.   but though obama has long pined for a dependable counterpart in afghanistan and hoped for greater stability there, ghani's arrival comes with a significant political price.   but through the sales of a special edition watch and customer donations in stores around the world, kors has brought the issue of hunger into fashion's mainstream and malls everywhere.   but to admit i was in pain meant i'd have to admit that i was feeling emotional; and regrettably, society tends to question the manhood of a man who conveys any tenderness or reveals he's in an emotionally trying state.   but too often they are the students who naturally gravitate towards computing.   but ukraine took center stage on sunday, with u.s. president barack obama calling for "standing up to russian aggression".   but, unfortunately for him, the ghost of layton hovers over him with every statement he makes and is plastered all over ndp campaign materials.   but we actually need to be setting the agenda and setting the tone," she said.   but we cannot equate progress with success, particularly given how tenuous the progress is.   but we do not need ground troops or ground bases from this country or that country."   but we had a moment — it was one of those moments you treasure."   but we have not scheduled his appearance yet.   "but we know patients in acos report they're receiving better care in acos, even if they don't fully understand the concept."   “but we let them back into the game with a very sloppy goal on our part and then they scrapped and battled, as you would expect from a team down the bottom.   but what about the unions?   but whatever your business, it most definitely involves mobile..   but when asked why apple, which had $ billion in revenue outside the u.s. last year, won’t bring that revenue back to the u.s., cook got worked up, saying the approximate % tax rate makes it prohibitive.   but when he abdicated later that year, elizabeth's father became king and she became heir presumptive.   but when i have some free time i definitely will do that just to see the progress that they're making and just to make sure my school is going about it the right way.   but when the long-awaited patrol finally arrived, beijing only tracked and warned away the vessel, without intervening physically.   but when the match resumed, duckworth-lewis was used to give england a new target of off balls.   but when there are incidents that are not acceptable, we have to put a stop to them.   but when the sale was announced, his father ahmed zayat told the sports network it was an offer he just couldn't pass up.   but while a full scale merger didn't happen, the two airlines launched a codeshare agreement in july that allows the two companies to sell seats and cargo on each other's flights.   but, while some fighters switched sides to declare allegiance to is in the past year, most taliban insurgents remained staunchly loyal to mullah mohammad omar, an afghan taliban leader who has been at the helm of the movement since the s.   but while the boehner family no longer owns the spot, that bar lore continued this past week with the opening of the th congress.   but whole foods is finding it difficult to overcome this bad publicity.   but who needs privacy when there's rooftop yoga?   but with divisions in tsipras' leftist syriza party laid bare by last week's rebellion by deputies, wednesday's vote will be closely monitored to see if he loses even more support.   but without any obvious commercial uses, liquid crystals were gradually all but forgotten.   but with the omnibus details coming out, lawmakers may look for leverage to get a better deal.   but, with time, you will also realize that the perks can be downfalls.   buying an s&p stock that thestreet ratings rated a "buy" yielded a .% return in beating the s&p total return index by basis points.   buying gradually will allow you to get a better handle on what your actual retirement expenses will be and thus help you more accurately gauge how much guaranteed income you really need.   buy the print » hoffman saw the enormous potential of mark zuckerberg’s invention, too.   buy this photo photo: michael short, special to the chronicle klay thompson waves to fans along lake merritt during the golden..   by , the references had decreased to . percent -- below bmw (teal), honda (blue), toyota (pink), daimler (red), general motors (light green) and ford (orange).   by adam loewy mountlake terrace , edmonds-woodway the mountlake terrace hawks narrowly edged the edmonds-woodway warriors after outscoring woodway - in the first half.   by anne vandermey october , adam rosenberg did everything right.   by apple’s own recent account, apple pay has taken off, with two out of three mobile payments being made via apple pay.   by becoming a registered user, you are also agreeing to our terms and confirming that you have read our privacy policy.   by brett miller bellevue , lake washington one night after scoring points, the bellevue offense picked up right where they left off.   by doing so, he will take the israelis and march them to the door of the oven," he told breitbart news, in a reference to nazi concentration camps during world war two.   by doing what business does best - using its innovation, firepower and reach to create prosperity - both industry and the society in which it operates can thrive.   by doug drowley special to the seattle times coach jay silver’s bulldogs may have to surprise a few people to improve upon a - finish from .   by eric bradner, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) january , pelosi caught off guard by boxer's retirement announcment pelosi caught off guard by boxer's retirement announcment : washington (cnn)sen.   by going back to the roots of classical music, beethoven took on the task of demonstrating that in his mastery of counterpoint he found his reaffirmation of life and his overcoming of all obstacles.   "by helping syria," kadyrov said, "we are protecting our country."   by implementing the strategy announced thursday, the company said it will "focus its feature production from three films per year down to two, maximize its creative talent and resources, reduce costs, and drive profitability."   by integrating the use of different therapies, including botanical medicine, homeopathic medicine, and nutritional therapy, my patients have found great results and increased their quality of life.   by itself, any one of these actions might look perfectly fine.   “by localizing it geographically you can look up and see if you can find cooling towers that might be contaminated.”   by noon monday, figo was leading stone down the sidewalk on her block, padding slowly to match her still-recovering pace.   byrd is the mother of shannon sulton, the woman at the home.   by seattle times editorial board fear does something to people.   by seattle times staff defunct grocery-store chain must pay jordan $. million a jury friday ordered a defunct grocery-store chain to pay michael jordan $. million for using the legendary chicago bulls player’s name without permission.   by submitting your comments, you acknowledge that cbc has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever.   by terry wade hours ago a sign is seen in quitman, arkansas, august , .   by that point we had time to get to know each other, to build that trust, which was important to be able to go into the next realm.   by the time eighth grade rolled around, she had reached pounds.   by the time he joined the game the crusaders were overwhelmingly in control.   by the time she graduated from college, grace was really inspired by all the people she had met who were doing all this work to solve real problems in the world.   by the time the program was expanded, schools were ordering , pounds of yogurt.   by the week’s end, the commissioners will have spent almost hours reviewing the proposed budget.   by tyrone beason seattle times staff reporter a -year-old stanwood man was killed saturday when his motorcycle collided with an island county sheriff’s deputy’s patrol car.   by your statement, more and more innocent people would go to jail.   cabbies cannot ask anything more than, "is that a service animal?"   cable traders in particular will have been experiencing heightening levels of volatility as investors fear the worst ahead of may's general election.   cablevision has moved to offset its cable subscriber losses by offering hbo's streaming service, hbo now, and hulu's video streaming service to its data customers.   cairns sued modi in london for libel and was awarded damages, but is now subject to the perjury action.   calderbank doesn't believe his meeting with nina was mere luck.   call doctors and insurers to check provider and hospital listings.   called "present perfect," it was shot over the course of the - school year by filmmaker evan briggs, who is also an adjunct professor at seattle university.   calling for a political transition to end a conflict that has killed about , people, the council text was adopted by russia, a key ally of syrian president bashar al-assad, and the other member states despite reservations from venezuela.   calls and emails to the company saturday were not immediately returned.   calls to its china customer service line were not answered.   cambridge bay gears up for new high arctic research station carmack, whose first trip to the arctic was in , thinks the involvement of local residents in observing and helping with the research is vital.   cameron is also pressing for a scaling back of regulation, increased free trade and guarantees that british interests are not damaged if the euro zone integrates more deeply.   cameron's latest move to court pensioners, who surveys show are much more likely to vote than younger people, is an attempt to outflank rivals less than three months before the election by making the most generous policy offering.   cameron was also to chair a meeting of britain's emergencies committee on thursday.   cameron was criticised for once telling a woman lawmaker to "calm down, dear!" during an exchange, drawing accusations of sexism.   cameron was happy to note, however, that he now planned to lead a majority conservative government, and that he considered it "a more accountable" form of administration, in contrast to a coalition.   camh will be in court to face the charges on feb. . despite the ona’s claim that more than assaults took place at camh last year, the canadian press reports that camh staff reported incidents involving physical harm.   campaign facebook page the cbc will profile all candidates, by riding, in the lead-up to voting day, nov. . comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   campaigns use the basic information from the voter files to try and garner more support for their candidates.   campbell, a transient with a history of petty crimes, surrendered to police in neighboring santa monica a couple of hours later.   canada already incurs an annual $ billion deficit in bilateral automotive trade with japan, unifor economist jim stanfield said earlier this week.   canada captured five medals sunday and has on the season after three world cup stages.   canada opened the round robin with six straight victories before falling to defending champion thomas ulsrud of norway on tuesday night.   canada, ranked th in the world, dominated the part-timers from no. dominica before an announced crowd of , on a pleasant, breezy -plus-degree night at bmo field.   canada's dumbest charge: the most frustrating fees polar bears: threatened species or political pawn?   canada's house of commons passed on wednesday night an anti-terror law that drastically expands the powers of its intelligence gathering agency, allowing it to operate overseas for the first time.   canada's provinces and territories have a better understanding of their local job markets.   canada's women lose heartbreaker ellia green scored with no time remaining saturday as australia rallied to edge canada - in the final of the london sevens women's rugby tournament.   canada urged to step up he said canada, in the past, has stepped up to open its doors to refugees from other conflicts, including the vietnam war and the balkans conflict.   canada wants the project to go ahead and has expressed impatience that washington is still mulling the fate of the pipeline after six years of study.   canada, which plays england today in the quarterfinals, is only two wins away from a world cup final.   canadian immigration minister john mccallum said he spoke to the nation’s big city mayors about how they can help resettle the refugees.   canadian officials also confirmed earlier in the week that a turkey farm in southern ontario with , birds was hit, too.   can any other country in the region -- indeed, the world -- claim that?   candidate mike huckabee will host a rally tuesday in front of the jail after he meets with rowan county clerk kim davis.   can i still get a new one?   can luis defeat sepp?   cannabis remains illegal, no matter how helpful it might be to many individuals.   can pigeons replace radiologists?   can scientists eradicate physical pain?   can she charm america?   can that really be done?   cant wait to see u again someday pic.   can you believe i became a facebook user?   car and driver listed its worth at $, or more.   cardinal web solutions e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   carey oversaw internal investigations at the department, and he and tanaka allegedly ordered deputies to hide an fbi informant in the jail so he could not communicate with fbi agents.   caring for her has changed how she spends and plans for the future.   carly fiorina: like carson, she needs to keep her momentum.   carney had previously apprenticed as a spokesman tasked with putting out media fires for the notoriously loose lipped biden.   carolina would later settle for a -yard field goal to get back on the scoreboard, trailing -.   carrefour, europe's largest retailer, said in a separate statement that its investment, the size of which was not disclosed, was in line with its focus on innovation.   carroll and sue craig donated the fully-refurbished vehicle to the center for the raffle, and brown said he plans to drive it for a while.   cars are driving slowly to gawk at the devastated storefront.   carson, his wife, a former chp officer and two brothers who own a turlock liquor store were formally charged with murder tuesday.   carson spokesman doug watts said the politico story was an "outright lie."   carson traveled to jordan last month to visit a syrian refugee camp.   carter's trip will also see him visit saudi arabia, another country where the nuclear accord has been met with wariness.   casarreal-parra is under an ice hold and faces deportation.   case in point: this view at vinas de cafayate wine resort.   casey said in a statement that the deal "will substantially constrain the iranian nuclear program for its duration, and compared with all realistic alternatives, it is the best option available to us at this time."   cashman was willing to weaken his bullpen because of a lack of depth in starting pitching at the class aaa and aa levels.   "castleton square is proud to be a shopping destination of choice for families throughout indianapolis… we have the staffing, technology, and training to ensure that our patrons enjoy the property for the purposes it is intended.   castroneves is in fourth place, points behind his team penske teammate montoya.   casualties are high as the army lacks the training and weapons to handle street fighting.   catchings scored points and shenise johnson added to help the fever beat the chicago sky - in decisive game of the eastern conference semifinals on monday night.   catch one or two of those, and jason wu at , and before you know it, it’ll be lunchtime.   caterpillar employed , full-time workers globally at the end of the first quarter, a roughly percent drop compared to last year mainly due to restructuring.   catlin said he first noticed that criminals were stealing unemployment benefits because states generally do not confirm the identity of the person filing a claim until after the money is sent.   cause it deserves another share.   'cause she said she was flat-broke," graham joked.   caymanian plantain dessert there are a bunch of different things going on in this dish.   cbc confirmed with kampman that everyone was fine, and that the cows had been moved to a safe location before the roof was lost.   cbc news drove around a few neighbourhoods in the southern part of the city thursday and found the three parties well represented.   cbc news posted: aug , : pm nt last updated: aug , : pm nt holyrood rcmp were dispatched just before p.m. friday to route , near the white pines campground, to respond to a single-vehicle collision.   cbc news posted: jan , : am at last updated: jan , : am at cbc meteorologist michelle leslie says tuesday will be the coldest day of the week in new brunswick with temperatures dropping throughout the day.   cbc news posted: may , : pm et last updated: may , : pm et brad long says the person who bought a winning lotto / ticket in woodstock, ont., initially came in to buy a lotto max ticket.   cbc news posted: may , : pm et last updated: may , : pm et ben affleck appears as batman in a still from the trailer for batman v. superman: dawn of justice.   cbc news posted: nov , : am et last updated: nov , : am et a woman first drove the victim to the shuttered humber river hospital in a car riddled with more than bullet holes, police say.   cbc news posted: sep , : pm at last updated: sep , : pm at miracle is getting comfortable at her new foster home in halifax.   cbc news reports.   cbs evening news turkey launches new attacks against isis cbs evening news world's first malaria vaccine approved cbs this morning airlines, hotels hold back from online travel site..   cbs news app for android® for ipad® for iphone® fully redesigned.   cbsnews.com - breaking news web shows resources hey "bae?"   cbs news correspondent jan crawford said the case created a deep divide among the justices.   cbs this morning "affluenza" teen missing after possible parole vio..   c. college of social workers) edward owen berry, a former manager with b.c.'s ministry of children and family development, has been charged with possession of and accessing child pornography.   celebrity mugshots photos actor edward furlong was arrested again on may , , after allegedly violating a protective order filed against him by an ex-girlfriend.   celebrity mugshots photos bad boy actor charlie sheen is no stranger to hollywood scandal.   celebrity photos: january britney spears left a dance studio after a morning rehearsal in thousand oaks, california on january , .   celeste felt great frustration when she couldn't rush to her daughter's side.   certification of driving experience must be made on the official form (sf- ) provided by the department of safety.   chairman feinstein and our intelligence committee staff deserve our country's deep appreciation for their extraordinary efforts.”   champions league: bayern munich and leverkusen rack up matchday one wins .. bayern munich and leverkusen made it three wins for german clubs in the first week of champions league action.   chan and melichar saved one of two break points and converted four of seven, winning of the points contested before the third seeds called it a day.   chancellor angela merkel has reiterated that there can be no stop to the taking in of refugees.   chancellor george osborne has been chairing a meeting of ministers amid fears that british holidaymakers will be stranded abroad if greece defaults on its debt repayment, the telegraph adds.   chances are, there are multiple businesses out there who are already serving the crucial need you outlined from question one.   chances are you're going to lose money on a stock at some point in the future.   chandler, arizona resident marcus behling was eliminated thursday, despite not misspelling a single word on stage.   change it here dw.   charged with murder is -year-old taxi operator, elroy heron, of a racecourse address in vere, clarendon.   charlotte (-) had won nine of its previous . batum led the hornets with points.   charlotte kalla of sweden was third after losing a sprint to weng.   charlotte-mecklenburg police referred cnn to one of the detectives in the case who did not immediately respond to a request for the photos.   charlottesville, va. (ap) — joanne boyle offered a quick prayer before clicking the photo link of a days-old girl in a senegalese orphanage.   charlottetown fire: comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   charter schools are free, independently run but publicly funded schools that aren’t bound by many of the same restrictions governing typical public schools.   chasson randle scored of his points in the second half and stanford opened pac- play with a - victory over washington state on friday.   chaulk said he's sold about a hundred works, with locals and tourists alike snapping up his sculptures.   chaves said the incident is the latest in a long list of problems he's had with trash and recycling collection since the city adopted the new bins and contracted out the collection service in october .   chavez said he wants the parents to have as small a financial impact as possible on entry fees and equipment.   check them out and then share your own favorite summer holiday recipe in the comments below!   cheema says they'll lean on the community for support, and eventually, return with a bang.   chef shuffle dishes every visitor to argentina needs to try risk-taking 'top chef' kevin gillespie returns to his roots of bangkok's best new restaurants inside kolkata's wild lake market watch your wing, kfc!   chen allegedly told investigators that lee promised to pay him nt$, to carry out the deed, as well as the offer of a regular job at a funeral parlor in hsinchu city.   chicago bulls point guard derrick rose may be asked to shoulder a lighter load on offense under new coach fred hoiberg to preserve his oft-injured body.   chicago is the only stop on this -plus date tour in which wishbone ash will perform argus.   chiesi is negotiating with european union regulators about the cost of glybera, and the official price will include some discounts.   childhood tb: the hidden epidemic in most countries in africa, bovine tb is endemic, but experts say regular milk pasteurization and slaughterhouse meat inspections are rare.   children can take acetaminophen to fight pain or a fever, but parents should read drug labels carefully to avoid dosage errors.   children's national health says that the clinic "fills a need" for referring physicians" throughout d.c. who "may have less experience in providing care to these patients" and want to refer them to a place for more specialized care.   chile's president michelle bachelet declared in april that she would seek to legalize same-sex marriage, though that hasn't happened yet.   china and the us are the only major economies growing at a meaningful rate yet beijing has also signaled concerns over growth with more than us$ billion of injections of short-term loans into the banking system on wednesday.   china has become an increasingly difficult market, including for german auto makers.   china has bristled at what it sees as u.s. interference in the region and says it is within its sovereign rights in developing islands made from sand piled on top of reefs and atolls.   china, hong kong, macau, japan, the philippines, south korea, turkey, switzerland and italy are among the places that allow a domestic taiwanese driver’s license to be exchanged for local use with few or no barriers.   china itself, he said in the report, is already on the verge of recession as evidenced by excessive borrowing in the private sector, surplus production capacity in a number of industries and bubbles in the real estate and equities markets.   china's benchmark shanghai composite gained .%, while japan's nikkei rose .%.   china seeks to reassure financial markets .. china's premier has tried to soothe global concerns over market volatility and slowing growth in the world's second-largest economy.   china stocks surged to their highest close in five years, led upward by property and energy shares.   china takes flight – china's j- fighter jets perform during the airshow on november , .   chinenye uduji, a member of the senior class, (), said to me, "senior year was much more stressful than i thought it would be.   chinese officials have been especially sensitive about live concerts since bjork chanted "tibet" during her song "declare independence" in .   chinese with unsolved grievances often travel to the capital to attempt to petition national authorities about land seizures, labor disputes and other issues after making little progress with local officials.   ch insp steve denham from the suffolk constabulary said it was "really unusual to have so many tragic incidents within such a short space of time".   cho ben thanh market, intersection of le loi, ham nghi, tran hung dao avenues and le lai street, ho chi minh city vietnam; sophie's art tour gets behind the city's distinctive art scenes.   choose the end activity option to sign out of a device. . see all of the apps that use your facebook login in your settings, click on apps to see which third party programs have access to your facebook information.   chris christie - governor of new jersey primary campaign committee - chris christie for president, inc. website: https://www.   chris christie: the stages of a town hall meeting : kenilworth, new jersey (cnn)this is chris christie's house.   chris christie: the republican new jersey governor is now seeking his party's presidential nomination.   christie, who made the cut for the previous three primetime debates but had suffered from sinking poll numbers, filled the role of frontrunner in the undercard clash.   christine clarridge can be reached at cclarridge@seattletimes.com or --.   christophe de margerie, ceo of total sa, dead in moscow runway crash the attack occured kilometres south of sirte in libya (google) libyan officials say gunmen have attacked a french-operated oilfield and shot to death three guards.   christopher leonard, , is expected wednesday to detail the oct. pummeling during a hearing on assault charges against his -year-old half-sister, sarah ferguson.   chrome beta (for all platforms) comes with two new apis that allows websites to send you notifications even if the browser isn't open.   chuck said, 'oh, yes, there is.'   chuck wilson in his review of the film in the new york village voice called it "that rare thing: a film about musicians where you actually look forward to the next song.   chu li (朱俐), , who also received serious burns over percent of her body, is also in stable condition, the doctor said.   church of jesus christ of latter-day saints spokesman eric hawkins declined to comment.   church's chicken fried steak platter is the perfect solution for those looking for a change of pace.   chu’s ability to lead the party to democratize its internal workings — something ma repeatedly promised to do, but failed — will be crucial not just for the party’s political survival, but for his own political career.   cincinnati police said javon harris, , was drippling a basketball in the block of carll street about p.m. when he was hit.   circle holdings, which operates hinchingbrooke hospital in cambridgeshire, said its franchise is "no longer viable under current terms".   cirque du soleil needs to stay in montreal, philippe couillard says rumours that quebec pension fund manager caisse de dépôt has a hand in the sale have not yet been confirmed.   city officials said spokane parks lost more than trees in the storm, something the city's urban forester thinks is due to the trees being watered regularly.   city of tukwila call for bids lost diamond wedding ring near th ave. uni..   city schools will be closed again tuesday.   claims that "concussion" was altered to appease the nfl proved inconclusive following an associated press review of the leaked sony emails regarding the production and positioning of the film.   claire guest is the ceo of medical detection dogs.   clapton on thursday announced the shows for may -, which would come two weeks ahead of a previously announced residency of six sold-out concerts at london's royal albert hall, also timed for his birthday.   clarifications a previous version of this story misidentified the fowl in question as a peacock.   clashes with israeli forces were also ongoing near the erez crossing on the northern border of the gaza strip, east of gaza city, and in central gaza, where according to the army, "tens of suspects breached the fence".   class of graduates from wellesley high the wellesley high class of moves their tassels on their caps as they become graduates after four years of hard work.   cleveland police department spokesperson ali pillow declined comment and referred questions to a city spokesman, who couldn't be immediately reached.   click here for more news from ashford.   click here for more news from deal.   click here for more sport from medway.   click here to listen.   click here to read more stories in this investigation.   click here to register now!   click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent huffpost daily brief get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   click on for other skytrax finalists.   click on the image above to see average wedding costs in your area.   click on the links below for more information about der spiegel's history, how to subscribe or purchase the latest issue of the german-language edition in print or digital form or how to obtain rights to reprint spiegel articles.   click the defer upgrades check box.   click to view comments adizero: fastest cleat in footballdick's sporting goodssponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   click to view comments ever wake up and think you see a ghost?   click to view comments janet jackson making new music, headlining world tour for first time in years!   clients with no private insurance or other means to pay typically qualify for medicaid, also known as medical assistance, balliet said.   clinton aide reacts to possibility of biden bid clinton aide reacts to possibility of biden bid : her campaign is spending $ million of that money to launch biographical television advertisements starting tuesday in iowa and new hampshire.   clinton also headlined two fundraisers in the process.   clinton denied on friday reports of rumored extramarital affairs, saying the charges were “simply not true.”   clinton: "i have hundreds of thousands of donors, most of them small."   clinton, meanwhile, drew her own contrast with sanders on guns, a major weakness for the insurgent, reciting a line she used since last week's democratic presidential debate in las vegas.   clinton received the virus-riddled e-mails, disguised as speeding tickets from new york, over four hours early on the morning of aug. , .   "clinton was disappointed because he was absolutely convinced that he would have beaten cuomo in the primaries," berger said in an oral history interview for the miller center at the university of virginia.   cllr derek crow-brown said: “riveroak are not going to go away and have spent an awful lot of money.   cllr peter oakford, the cabinet member for vulnerable children’s services, said there had been a notable change in mood among the public.   close  politicians react to gay marriage ruling of   all marriages, at their root, are about love.   close to guinea where the west african epidemic began, sierra leone's first case appeared in kailahun in may before spreading from the east, killing more than , people and leaving more than , infected.   closing arguments are scheduled for monday.   clune will be attending training camp with the toronto maple leafs in september.   cnn money : the best of trevor noah's first 'daily show' cnn money : iphone s: cost to build cnn money : cable news won't be safe from trevor noah cnn money : will trevor noah be a liberal icon?   cnn reached dr. michael black on his cell phone to ask about the babies who died after his surgeries.   cnn's ann o'neill reported from boston.   cnn's faith karimi and joseph netto contributed to this report.   cnn's greg botelho, radina gigova and schams elwazer contributed to this report.   cnn's jeff zeleny contributed to this report.   cnn's joe sutton and ryan rios contributed to this report.   cnn: the freedom to cross eu borders has been challenged by the current migrant crisis in europe, particularly in your home countries of france and italy.   co from early emissions is now largely incorporated into the ocean and biosphere, but it had a longer time to affect climate, compensating for the small fraction remaining in the air today.   coach cori close's team has lost just twice this season, falling at home to south carolina by three points and the irish.   coach norio sasaki’s side will also next face one of the four third-placed finishers to advance in vancouver on tuesday.   coal is by far the biggest source of carbon dioxide and airborne pollutants among fuels used to make electricity.   cohen asked, "what is the hardest drug you've ever taken?"   colbert will interview gop frontrunner donald trump on tuesday night.   colby cosh august , : pm elizabeth may going all-in on trendy “austerity” rhetoric, reminding us that none of the other leaders are likely to do this.   cole baggett (outfield) and andrew seeley (outfield) were both named first team all-region while beau hanna (catcher) and tyler hamrick (utility player) were both named second team.   collaboration: developers, city officials and an active residents' group all had input into how the area took shape.   collapsing day rates for jackups and shallow water floaters have combined with a more dire slowdown in contracts.   colleges "have responded creatively and decisively" to the financial squeeze, says the report - but out of said they were "concerned" or "extremely concerned" about their financial health.   collins, , has made appearances for west ham across two spells, having rejoined the club in after a three-year period with premier league rivals aston villa.   colombia 'keeper catalina perez was adjudged to have tripped alex morgan and french referee stephanie frappart awarded a contentious penalty before handing perez a red card.   colombia's santos says he's worried by shortages venezuela itself is mired in a deepening economic crisis, made worse by a plunge in world prices for oil, its main source of hard currency.   colts head coach chuck pagano has no contract beyond this season.   columnist william pesek is based in tokyo and writes on economics, markets and politics throughout the asia-pacific region.   comcast currently takes in more revenue from video customers than from internet customers, but that's not likely to be true forever.   comcast did that back in before it acquired nbcuniversal.   "come to south carolina, and i'll beat his brains out," a riled-up graham told cnn on tuesday, referring to beating trump in his state's republican primary.   coming here, we talked about the importance of having home-field advantage and what that means for our club.   coming out in hollywood photos actor zachary quinto said he was inspired to acknowledge his homosexuality in october after a -year-old, who was apparently being harassed over his sexuality, killed himself.   coming to the mosque to pray used to be very nice because we would mingle around after," said mustafa muhamad, , who had come to the hajjah fatimah mosque to pray.   command will then be passed to nasa’s scott kelly, who along with mikhail kornienko of russia is spending a full year on the station to study the effects of long space travel in preparation for a possible future trip to mars.   comment: characters left abc columbia and its affiliated companies are not responsible for the content of comments posted or for anything arising out of use of the above comments or other interaction among the users.   comment advertisement it turns out old dogs — prehistoric ones, even — can learn new tricks.   comment november , issue credit illustration by tom bachtell in the week since the attacks on paris, there has been a great deal of talk about waging war on the islamic state, but scant clarity about how such a war might succeed.   comment on this story..   comments are welcome while open.   commercial operators, still required to have a pilot's license to fly, are going to bizarre lengths in order navigate the current legal limbo.   commissioner says report should be made public the refinery appealed to the commissioner after the city of regina decided to grant cbc access to the report.   commonwealth recruits primary care doctors and is implementing walk-in clinics to offer ease of access to a doctor and reduce hospital visits.   communities don’t mix; they just stick together.   commute to work on a one-wheeled scooter interior trim options will provide "near bespoke levels of customization," according to mini.   “companies have been taking an axe to their budgets, postponing or cancelling new projects,” the paris-based iea said in its monthly market report.   "companies like google mine this data for advertising purposes," lewis said.   complete coverage on ebola a look at cnn's complete coverage on the ebola crisis.   complete with a bed, entertainment and dining area, leicht says the truck is their castle.   "comprehensive prevention programs are essential to counteract this development and to convince young people not to begin using cannabis in the first place," she said.   computer developer stathis papachristou says he has always voted for the conservatives, but having seen his wages slashed and his taxes increase -- and as the father of a newborn baby, he's voting for change this time around.   comscore expects online sales to rise percent to $. billion during the november and december shopping period, slowing slightly from last year’s percent rise.   confederation hill music fest (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) it's shaping up to be a good year for classic rock lovers in newfoundland and labrador.   "confidence rose in early november mainly due to a stronger outlook for the domestic economy," said richard curtin, the survey's chief economist.   confronting gender stereotypes that the traditional craft of embroidery is often viewed as an old fashioned pastime for women hasn't gone unnoticed by lim, who cites english artist tracey emin as an inspiration.   congress has already rolled back some of the administration's attempts to make school foods healthier.   "congress treats puerto rico in a discriminatory fashion under numerous programs."   consequently, i will be filling a position in the office of planning to help us assess and evaluate those parcels specifically to build affordable homes.   "constant engagement is the only way to resolve all outstanding issues," bilawal said on his official twitter.   consumers aren't buying as many tablets as they used to, but now businesses are starting to buy more.   consumers in taiwan grapple with food safety issues, while farmers worry about the impact of free trade on agriculture, and this expo might offer some feasible solutions.   consumers should immediately contact the company for free fuse replacements.   contact the author of this article or email tips@chicagoist.com with further questions, comments or tips.   content preferences done ankara (reuters) - a left-leaning turkish news magazine said on monday its offices were raided by police and two editors detained over a cover suggesting election results would deepen divisions and trigger conflict in the country.   content preferences done a young, great white shark had a near-death experience when the retreating tide left it stranded on a beach in cape cod on monday afternoon (july ).   content preferences done beijing (ap) — a canadian woman detained in china along with her husband on suspicion of stealing state secrets has been released on bail, the chinese foreign ministry said.   content preferences done berlin (ap) — german retail and wholesale group metro ag is selling its department store business in germany and belgium to canadian retailer hudson's bay company in a deal worth just over . billion euros (around $. billion).   content preferences done boston (ap) — a boston police officer who was shot in the face and critically injured when he approached a driver who was stopped during a gunfire investigation has been released from the hospital.   content preferences done boston (ap) — a two-vehicle crash left a truck with its front wheel hanging over the edge of an elevated highway in boston and created major commuter headaches.   content preferences done des moines, iowa (ap) — the powerball jackpot has risen to $ million, the th largest in the game's history.   content preferences done djay for mac transforms your mac into a full-fledged dj rig that everyone, from the professional to the amateur dj, can enjoy.   content preferences done egypt is working quickly to thwart what experts say is a change in tactics by sinai-based, pro-islamic state jihadists who have been striking deeper into egyptian territory in order to make their presence known in cairo.   content preferences done el-arish, egypt (ap) — militants in egypt's northern sinai carried out two separate attacks against military troops in the restive province, killing one soldier and wounding five, security and hospital officials said.   content preferences done los angeles (ap) — cincinnati bengals defensive tackle devon still and his -year-old daughter leah will receive the jimmy v perseverance honor at the espy awards in july.   content preferences done minneapolis (ap) — those attending new salem baptist church in north minneapolis were surprised by a famous visitor during sunday's service.   content preferences done new york (ap) — a speeding driver convicted of crashing into a car taking expectant parents to a new york city hospital, killing the couple and their baby, has been sentenced to years to life in prison.   content preferences done oct (reuters) - swiss private bank julius baer has extended its sponsorship of formula e, the world's first all-electric car racing series, to the end of season five in .   content preferences done philadelphia (ap) — homicide detectives are investigating the deaths of two newborns whose bodies were found next to a philadelphia used car lot.   content preferences done (reuters) - the dispute over race-based university student admissions policy set to be heard by the u.s. supreme on wednesday traces to .   content preferences done the seattle seahawks and the new england patriots will face each other on the gridiron for super bowl supremacy sunday (feb. ).   content preferences done view photo.   content preferences done washington (ap) — hillary rodham clinton's campaign said monday she is "outraged" by chronic delays for veterans seeking medical care or struggling to have their disability claims processed.   content preferences done wellington, new zealand (ap) — a .-magnitude earthquake has been recorded in papua new guinea, but no tsunami was expected.   content preferences done yaounde, cameroon (ap) — residents of eastern cameroon killed several suspected fighters from a central african republic rebel group who were trying to carry out a large-scale kidnapping, a local official said sunday.   content preferences done zagreb, croatia (ap) — kolinda grabar-kitarovic was sworn in as croatia's first female president on sunday after a surprise election victory in the european union's newest member state.   continuing a week-long push to underscore his command of national security dangers, obama said he understood why unease has spread after attacks in france and california.   contrasting surfaces, such as countertops that are a different color from the floor and color changes at steps, can make homes safer and should help you get around.   contributions may be made in his memory to the nevada hospice in care of ferry funeral home.   controversy came in the form of a marriage license published by vibe magazine that purported to show kelly had wed a then--year-old aaliyah (her age was listed as ).   cooperation and coordination of monetary and fiscal policy is thus "perfectly consistent."   cop: the moral case for climate action (opinion) finding our way to a cleaner future.   copper fastenings and copper sheathing were also uncovered.   cops confirmed that it is, in fact, a chinese crested hairless.   copyright the center for public integrity.   copyright the center for public integrity.   copyright (c) cbs interactive, inc. all rights reserved.   copy this code to your website or blog at a speech focusing on national security at the citadel in south carolina, the former florida governor said, "militarily, we need to intensify our efforts in the air - and on the ground."   copy this code to your website or blog mitchell's ex-husband, tobey premo, told nbc news on wednesday: "she could just be some country girl who got sweet-talked by some city guy."   copy this code to your website or blog while the family of a chicago man fatally shot by police last year opposed the release of dramatic video showing the incident, their attorney said wednesday that "now the whole world knows what happened."   corey melvin has also faced charges related to a handful fire bombings in .   corker is the kind of key ally president obama needs to win over if he has any hope of getting congressional republicans to back the agreement with iran.   cornel west reacts to obama's usage of the n-word cornel west reacts to obama's usage of the n-word : jabari asim, who wrote "the n word: who can say it, who shouldn't, and why," said that obama was "correct in his instincts" in using the word.   corpcomm expo (cce), produced by exponation, llc, will be held at the georgia world congress center, atlanta, ga, usa, and co-located with educomm expo (ece).   corporate america is blaming its poor profits on minimum wage increases.   correa said he wasn't sure whether olympic authorities have been informed that the cleanup pledge will not be met.   corrections an earlier version of this story mistakenly identified claude giroux as paul giroux.   • cory hutsen, who had points during seattle pacific’s two road wins in alaska, received the great northwest athletic conference men’s basketball player of the week award.   cosby detailed his efforts to keep his exploits from his wife in a transcript of a - deposition taken in philadelphia.   cosby has never been charged with a crime and has repeatedly denied the allegations.   costa rica, a small central american nation with a population of fewer than five million people, has even pledged to go carbon neutral by .   costco has the lowest price at the pump, which is down slightly from friday, at . cents per litre, according to gasbuddy.com. find the latest gas prices here.   cost of living was calculated by careertrends, using data from the economic policy institute.   couch became known as the "affluenza" teen during his trial in juvenile court, when a psychologist said he was so wealthy and spoiled he could not tell the difference between right and wrong.   coudreaut is the guardian of mcdonald’s menu, which in many respects makes him the most influential chef in the world.   could he work in mumbai with his wife at home?   could they really prefer their distant, levantine god?   council member jimmy yarbrough agreed, adding that he felt the move would entail some new expenses.   council members condemned the escalating attacks by boko haram in nigeria and against chadian army soldiers deployed to fight the terrorist group in cameroon.   council members had stripped some of these projects from last year’s capital plan.   councilmember tom rasmussen, who lives in west seattle and who was the early favorite in the st district race, has decided to bow out.   counsellor and radio-personality jeff conners is putting on a performance of a memory, a monoglogue, a rant, and a prayer in kamloops (submitted) a production of the latter play is being put on in kamloops by counsellor and radio personality jeff conners.   countries have also adopted incompatible solutions, making it extremely difficult to integrate national energy networks.   country star jimmy dickens dies pj harvey glass box album a sellout in praise of onions - the world's most widely eaten vegetable does the pursuit of happiness make everyone miserable?   court officers also discussed when slager's case could be heard.   court prosecutor fatou bensouda must determine whether the criteria under the statute for opening an investigation have been met, it added.   @couscous ok, so what is your point?   covenant is his next pic.   cover story: peter de sève’s “catnap” by mina kaneko and françoise mouly “cats and dogs are just like people—they have their own likes and dislikes,” the artist peter de sève says about this week’s cover, “catnap.”   crafts has a very big "yummy mummy" following, and the large aisles and free parking really appeal to mums with prams.   creating startups is becoming a viable career option here, as the greek ecosystem starts to mature.   credit: aimee beltran via ap pets in sweaters do dogs care about fashion, though?   credit: andrew h. walker/getty images it's difficult to imagine anyone other than kate winslet telling leo she'd never let go in "titanic," but another famous actress almost snagged the part of rose.   credit: chinafotopress/getty images new york - bad weather a woman walks through the rain in times square in manhattan, new york, october , .   credit isn't great but have to money to pay give someone like me a chance and you wouldn't have empty houses for people to burglarize.   credit mario ruiz/the life images collection, via getty images when fashion shows were fun --t::-: september , naomi campbell wore backless chaps.   creditors in the north, namely germany and france, and probably italy as well, are not likely to comply.   credit valerio mezzanotti for the new york times --t::-: september , fausto puglisi does biker chic by way of under the sea.   crimean tatars demand that ukraine government stop sending electricity to the peninsula in retaliation for the persecutions of thousand-strong crimean tatar and ukrainian population by the russians.   "crime is so mobile right now," chief tom synan said.   crimestoppers offering $, reward for info in case courtesy of blackburn family copyright scripps media, inc. all rights reserved.   critics have pressured retailers to reject the salmon, which they have labeled “frankenfish.”   critics of the program say a country that struggles to feed its people adequately should not be splurging on space travel.   critics pointed out that the book had only been on sale a few hours at that point, making it unlikely valls had even read it.   critics said germanwings was detrimental to lufthansa, a premium brand.   critics said that measurement cherry-picked the data for good news amid what otherwise remains a worrying trend toward overweight and obese kids.   critics worry japan is returning to a pattern of one-party dominance, but the democrats have not so far been able to tap into voter longing for an alternative to the ldp.   croatian police say the first train carrying asylum seekers directly to slovenia has left a station in eastern croatia.   crowdsourcing their answers to this question could be a quick way to help government and other private entities to determine what areas of entrepreneurship would be the best fit for these youth in the near-term.   crude futures had plunged by more than two dollars on friday after the international energy agency (iea) warned of us crude reserves reaching storage capacity with little sign of a slowdown in output despite a global glut.   crude oil inventories are above the five-year average but oil products stocks are within the five-year average, the delegate added.   cruz thinks so, lambasting the washington post and pulitzer prize-winning cartoonist ann telnaes for an animation depicting cruz's daughters as monkeys.   crystal dunn added a goal and two assists, the -year-old's first points for the national team, and christen press also scored for the americans.   cuba, after years at tier , was upgraded to the watch list for , with the report citing the island's "sustained law enforcement efforts" in prosecuting and convicting sex traffickers.   cuba also has restructured its debt with china, estimated by local economists at more than $ billion.   cueto beat the white sox on may , allowing four runs in / innings "it's tough for me to say what i think," white sox center fielder adam eaton said of cueto.   cullen’s comments are no surprise — he has long held this position.   cultural europe has as well.   cuomo died just six hours after his son andrew was formally sworn in to a second term as governor of the empire state.   curiosity found evidence of clay formations, or "mudstone," in the crater's yellowknife bay, scientists said in .   current indications point toward kilo turning back away from the islands, but that solution is not etched in stone.   currently, many it leaders and executives are in the dark on shadow it use within their organization.   currently, referees enter a hooded television screen in which they communicate with a video operator in nfl headquarters to play back the video.   currently schiff has no co-sponsors for his bill.   currently, the scheme across the uk requires those who want to donate their organs after death to sign up to the nhs organ donor register.   curry won the vote in a landslide.   customers didn't love the change; and thanks to the negative reviews it garnered, burger king retired the king as its primary mascot in .   "customer service is where it's at.   customers will be able to buy apple products through the site, but only those that are sold through at&t.   cut my face open, cut my lips open, and that was because it pushed me into my log," sidick recalled.   cutting the line attached to a tuna still alive in the water has less impact on the stock than catching and killing a fish and then throwing it overboard in favour of another.   c.w. sigman, with kanawha county emergency management, tells wsaz a crew from kanawha is on the way to help emergency responders.   dahlburg reported from brussels.   dailyburn: how many calories are in your cocktail?   dan allan, the senior vice president of kal’s mining tire unit, said that customers immediately began looking for price concessions.   danica coto on twitter: www.twitter.com/danicacoto copyright the associated press.   daniel ceballos, a jailed former mayor also running for parliament, was banned from holding public office earlier this month.   daniel lasco (hip), cal’s top running back, will be a game-time decision saturday.   daniel pierce, tuggle said, suffered smoke inhalation and burns to his upper extremities and head, while his wife suffered smoke inhalation and burns to her head.   danish police shot and killed a man early sunday suspected of carrying out shooting attacks at a free speech event and then at a copenhagen synagogue, killing two men, including a member of denmark's jewish community.   danita cohen of the university medical centre of southern nevada tells the canadian press that two of the three people in hospital with critical injuries are canadian, while two other people have serious injuries.   danny, an easygoing, newly divorced stoner with a junk-food habit and a dark burden of guilt, finds himself peculiarly alone.   danny breen said the city only auctions commercial and rental properties — and not owner-occupied homes.   darusman said it was apparent that pyongyang imposes a "near-total denial of human rights," on its citizens.   daum says he will start the therapy on jan. . they have yet to choose a clinic, but they've narrowed it down to two choices, both in mexico.   dauphinais-matheson says the team from parks canada will spend time this winter looking at the numbers from and making a plan for the next tourism season.   dave drabble tweets: "rare to see such informed, nuanced views in the media."   dave grohl: one-man band photos paul mccartney and dave grohl perform at a ceremony honoring mccartney in .   dave wensley will be in the court today during the sentencing arguments hoping for justice.   david addington, the legal adviser to vice president dick cheney, made that declaration to jack goldsmith of the office of legal counsel in the months after september , .   david and his wife, kathleen, are the parents of five children and make their home in shreveport, louisiana.   david cameron's eu reform proposals come under the spotlight in thursday's press ahead of a summit in brussels with other european leaders.   davis also directed probation officials to work with a group that promotes civic involvement to see if they could fashion a plan to integrate yusuf back into the community — perhaps leading to more freedom as time progresses.   davutoglu's tone and erdogan's request for a personal meeting stand in stark contrast to previous bellicosity displayed by putin and erdogan.   dawn french, jennifer saunders, ben elton and ruby wax were among those who attended his funeral in dittisham.   dawson was also questioned on whether the old course was still able to stand up to the standards necessary to challenge the world's best golfers although the expected bad weather will certainly increase the difficulties facing the field this week.   days later, he appeared blindfolded and with a sword held above his head in an image purportedly taken by insurgents.   days later, on march , a palestinian sniper murdered porat and nine others at an army roadblock on the ramallah-nablus road.   dchhs urges the public to defend yourself against west nile virus: get rid of all standing water.   dcist: you mentioned a few stories that you couldn't unread or unsee.   dc technology was pleased to partner with the bahamas primary school student of the year foundation to recognize this outstanding primary school student.   dead-ball specialist hakan calhanoglu’s th-minute free-kick sealed the win to give leverkusen a boost before wednesday’s champions league play-off qualifier, second-leg, at home to ss lazio, who they trail - after the first leg.   deadly attacks on humvees during the iraq war led to efforts to speed delivery of mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles, or mraps.   debbie abrahams, mp for oldham east and saddleworth, said it would be "wrong" for evans to return to playing football for any club.   december , - his new movie, "believe," opens in theaters.   december , -- updated gmt ( hkt) inflight chatterboxes are annoying but they're not the worst violators of onboard etiquette, according to an expedia study.   deciding where to retire might be simple, but no location fits every dream.   declining harvests would strain the global food system, increasing hunger and eroding the tremendous progress the world has made against poverty over the last half-century.   deep crimsons and blues surge; i reside within them with the motherly paraphernalia (have you eaten, my child?   deepmind’s system still fails hopelessly at tasks that require long-range planning, knowledge about the world, or the ability to defer rewards—things that a five-year-old child might be expected to handle.   deerfield club’s leigh brannan said daly was having trouble with the heat and had difficulty breathing before being taken to the hospital.   defeat to wolfsburg in the german super cup wasn't quite the result of poor performance.   defence lawyers admitted the journalist and former agent had a relationship, laid bare in phone calls and emails, but they argued there was no evidence the two men discussed anything classified.   defenders of traditional sexual morals become paragons of hypocrisy when they're caught with accounts at ashley madison.   definitely helps us out tremendously.   de grasse, canada's newest sprinting sensation, took the men's final in . seconds in front of his home crowd while three-times olympic medalist simpson crossed the line in a season-best ..   del mastro does not seem to get the consequences of his actions and what he was convicted of, and the seriousness of those actions,'' crown prosecutor tom lemon has said.   demand for transportation equipment fell . percent in november, though orders for commercial aircraft and autos both rose.   democratic gov. steve beshear appointed his wife to an unpaid position on the kentucky horse park commission and issued pardons and six commutations on his final day in office monday.   democrats also were thumped in virginia, where they made a costly push to win a majority in one chamber of the state legislature.   democrats railed on the bill on the house floor, calling it "extreme" and accused republicans of taking up the measure for political reasons, pointing out the late term abortion ban is popular among religious conservatives.   depending on whom you ask, the policy was eerie, creepy or just downright atrocious.   deputies say at least two people recorded the fight and posted video footage on social media.   deputies say betty jude is also wanted out of florida for drug trafficking.   deputies warn l.a.'s homeless of the coming el niño storms.   deputy foreign minister liu zhenmin reiterated china's position that its construction of artificial islands in the sea was designed to "provide public service" to the region by helping ships and fishermen and disaster relief efforts.   descendants of jewish athletes who appeared at the berlin olympics were invited to light the flame at the maccabi games.   deshone kizer had given the irish (-, no. cfp) a one-point lead on his -yard run with seconds left only to see hogan drive stanford to the winning score.   despite years on a beach, parts of the original engine were re-used, combined with another merlin iii engine mark spitfires used a three-blade metal de havilland or rotol propeller.   despite a premature start to the atlantic hurricane season, due to the development of ana, forecasters predict that the number of storms this year will again fall below normal.   despite celebrity-led vote turnout campaigns, midterm elections have a long history of drawing less voters than presidential elections.   despite efforts to clean up the facility, this week's lawsuit is only the latest in a string of recent scandals to underscore the dysfunction.   despite reports – and images – that justin bieber was spitting onto a group of fans from a toronto balcony, he and his camp claimed that wasn’t the case, and that he bought them hot chocolate and played new music for them instead.   despite that, the climate levy proposal immediately ran into heavy opposition from two special interests - the corporations that own and operate lignite-fired power plants, and the unions representing lignite miners and power plant workers.   despite the crushing - loss against the ducks, mike daciw says just being in the playoffs instills a sense of civic pride in people.   despite the dangers, some people argue that it's important to be ready to fight if necessary.   despite the deal, the distrust will probably remain for some time.   despite the flurry of speculation about whether a female bond or a black bond could spruce up the brand, it seems to be working well just as it is.   despite the initial success, it wasn't a slam-dunk decision for spike to pick it up.   despite their efforts to explain their side of the argument, hunters are facing more and more pressure.   despite the "professional" name, the phantom is a k video drone that's perfect for the masses.   despite the promises he would return to his old life, elian gonzalez never stayed out of the public spotlight too long.   despite the weakness in factory activity, the federal reserve is expected to raise interest rates this year.   despite tiredness from this match, you would expect murray to find enough adrenaline to beat tomic and with it the tie.   details are being kept under tight wraps, as is standard with such agreements, but in general they call for jobs, training, contract opportunities for local businesses and payments.   detective inspector dave grover said: "we need the public's help to find both men so they can be returned to custody to serve the remainder of their sentences.   detectives identified the suspect using the taxi company’s onboard gps technology.   de>, toyota's rival for the title of the world's biggest automaker, has already rolled out its modular transverse matrix (mqb) in more than a fifth of its vehicles.   detroit police chief james craig said the police pursuit began at around p.m. and only lasted about seconds before the chevrolet camaro fatally struck the two children and then hit three other kids and an adult.   deutschlandfunk said that two cases had to do with the publication of excerpts from the and financial plans for the agency, of which considerable parts are kept confidential as they contain details on intelligence operations.   devasto granted a defense motion in october to move the trial from carthage to rusk in henderson county, miles to the west, to assure an impartial jury.   developers in toyland a team of half a dozen software developers has to split up the work into many units.   developers will be able to buy a prototype early next year for $,.   dev hurlburt's business, hurlburt enterprises, processes and sells thousands of cords of beetle-killed firewood every year, mostly around whitehorse.   de villiers clubbed two sixes and a boundary in his nine balls before he top-edged an attempted reverse sweep from mcbrine to niall o'brien at backward point with the total .   de vries' runs her own practice as a general practitioner.   diamond foods is the snack company that makes emerald nuts, kettle flavored potato chips and pop secret popcorn.   diane keaton and john goodman play mom and dad cooper.   diaz said his work told him to take all the time he needed, but that’s not been a universal reaction.   did he/she have insurance?   did robert durst murder california teenager?   did the first cold war ever end?   did you meet or work with wes craven?   did your teddy bear go missing?   did you see a change over the years, since many german judges were still close to the nazi regime in the early days?   diesel-fuel generators won't be permitted.   digi television station cited witnesses who said a spark on stage ignited some polystyrene decor.   digicel stepped in to support the initiative by generously providing one of its private jets to transport the children and their families from haiti directly to grand cayman for their life-saving surgeries.   digitalis: digitally affected analog rock to calm the agitated heart.   dillon macmillan overcomes serious car crash to get welding certification boy, , charged in triple-fatal port hood crash the rcmp has quietly stopped releasing the names of people who die in car crashes and other tragic accidents across canada.   dimon said jpmorgan is "pretty pleased" with how the bank navigated the "very volatile markets."   dino, , is from south philadelphia and has been behind bars for months.   dionne also promised to "try and match taxes for ".   director duncan jones "i talk about it like it's a real place; for me it is."   director of community development diana lachiondo tells kboi news the program will help prospective tenants learn everything from how to use appliances, to how to manage a budget.   director of the group doctors for responsible gun ownership, wheeler said the cdc revealed itself to be "fundamentally biased against gun ownership" more than years ago, and its employees should remain silent.   discovery bought eurosport, europe's leading sports network, last year for about $ million.   discussions are still being held over the terms and conditions of the partnership.   dishes can be disinfected in dishwashers with dry cycles or final rinse cycles that exceeds c for minutes, c for five minutes, or c for one minute.   disneyland trip haunts kwan's nomination afterwards reporters asked kwan about last spring's personal scandal in which she wound up repaying $, for european and disneyland trips for her family, initially paid for by the portland hotel society.   disney's "tomorrowland," starring george clooney, made barely $ million globally — a mark sony's heavily marketed "pixels," with adam sandler, hasn't reached.   dispatch said multiple calls were received and a wlwt staffer reported seeing a naked man running on the highway.   district attorney risa vetri ferman reopened the investigation this summer in light of accounts from more than women who have since come forward describing encounters with cosby dating back decades similar the one outlined by constand.   districts have had to upgrade their internet capabilities, buy new computers and help students learn new keyboarding skills.   djibouti's population consists mainly of ethnic somalis and afars of ethiopian origin.   djokovic turned on the style to outclass old adversary rafael nadal -, -, while in saturday’s evening session at a packed o arena six-time champion federer beat fellow swiss stanislas wawrinka -, - with a masterly display.   dna entered into a statewide database led police to hubert, who had an earlier conviction for receiving stolen property.   dobkowski had pleaded not guilty to the attempted murder of the pensioner who spent three weeks in intensive care but was convicted by the jury.   doctor hadiza bawa-garba, , and nurse isabel amaro, , of manchester, were both given a two-year term, suspended for two years.   doctors diagnosed the young bengals fan with a condition called vesicoureteral reflux.   doctors later found bone fragments from another person inside aaron's leg wound.   does climate change have anything to do with it?   do i feel good that we have a closer?   "do i look as though i'm all right?"   do it now and think big.   dolan said the jury had noted a general lack of strong female roles in the selection of entries.   donald trump in the public eye photos trump attends the debut of a lego replica of the trump international hotel & tower dubai on june , , at central park in new york city.   donald young topped fifth-seeded tomas berdych - (), -, and isner beat vasek pospisil - (), -, -, eliminating the last canadian from the singles draw.   done by tom polansek chicago (reuters) - a tropical storm could have carried the corn disease tar spot into the heart of the u.s. farm belt for the first time, as winds and rain blew in from latin america, researchers told reuters.   done view gallery bangkok (afp) - thailand on thursday said a -year-old man from oman was confirmed to have mers in southeast asia's first case of the virus since an outbreak in south korea that has killed people.   done view gallery iquitos, peru (ap) — more than three dozen animals rescued from peruvian circuses and traffickers have a new home in a jungle island sanctuary.   done view gallery london (afp) - england captain alastair cook said the ongoing uncertainty over the identity of the team's next permanent coach would not bother him so long as his side kept winning.   done view gallery manny pacquiao thinks fans deserve to see him fight floyd mayweather and wants the unbeaten american to confirm a may date by the end of this month, the los angeles times reported.   done view gallery paris (afp) - france's education minister wednesday published a controversial set of school reforms on the country's official statute books, sparking fury from unions and the opposition a day after a teachers' strike.   done view gallery rome (ap) — italy is doing just fine without mario balotelli.   done view gallery sharm el-sheikh, egypt (ap) — "davai!   done view gallery tokyo (ap) — asian stocks were mostly higher tuesday as markets calmed from initial jitters over greece's election result, with tokyo shares making a significant rebound, cheered by the cheap yen.   done view gallery united nations (ap) — u.s. president barack obama glided into the secretary-general's lunch for world leaders more than minute late, glad-handing presidents and potentates as he made his way to the head table.   done view gallery united nations (ap) — zimbabwe's president robert mugabe says interference in the domestic affairs of independent nations has triggered the refugee crisis in the mediterranean.   done view gallery washington (afp) - the international monetary fund on tuesday sharply cut its - world growth forecast of only six months ago, saying lower oil prices did not offset pervasive weaknesses around the globe.   done view gallery washington (ap) — federal reserve chair janet yellen "felt dehydrated at the end of a long speech under bright lights" thursday in massachusetts and was seen by medical personnel as a precaution, the fed said in a statement.   done view photo nearly , gold coins were discovered off the coast of the ancient city of caesarea, israel.   done view photo samsung has bought digital wallet firm looppay.   do not be discouraged by whatever challenges and hardships you face," the pope, standing before independence mall in philadelphia, said saturday afternoon.   don savage, , told the station he and his wife were visiting cape cod in june when the incident occurred.   don't be afraid to take on a lesser job that could possibly lead you to a greater job.   don't bet the rent money.   don't count on a bid from japan boosting uranium prices any time soon, either.   don't get lost – house rules warn visitors not to "follow ghosts" through the tunnels as "you might never find the exit."   don’t miss: apple’s iphone s is almost here… time to take out the trash musixmatch is an app that’s all about lyrics, and now it works with apple music.   don't miss out on all the latest from gdc !   don't miss this isis' surprisingly advanced bureaucracy cnn's atika shubert explains how the terrorist group isis functions as a state.   don’t miss: why people are wrong about the world needing an android that google can’t control samsung is riding high with the galaxy s and galaxy s edge set to launch in the coming weeks.   don’t waste money, but if you’ll pay eventually then pay less by paying now.   don't worry too much, they won't stick around pic.   dornan addressed the mayhem surrounding him.   dortmund's fans have accepted now that this season is one they can forget, but for the team it's a wake up call.   do they rely on traditional advertising or online marketing?   doubtfire' house all coverage of robin williams on sfist.   douglas county sheriff's lt. glenn daniel said the gunman shot six people before fatally shooting himself, and the two surviving victims are children, but children are also among the dead.   doug said, wrapping tye in his arms.   douma added that there are coach-and-player teams participating from across canada and abroad, including players from scotland, england and the united states.   downey won an oscar nomination for his portrayal of silent movie star charlie chaplin us media have described downey as a success story for addiction rehabilitation.   downie's th goal of the season on a rebound at : put pittsburgh back in front after the penguins let a four-goal advantage slip away.   downing street declined to comment on the report, which also said cameron will offer more details on the timing of the closely watched vote at the annual conservative party conference in october.   downtime recharges your brain and protects against things like burnout and loss of productivity.   dow spokeswoman rebecca bentley didn’t dispute the emails between liveris and long.   do you love history?   dozens of nigerian civilians and at least soldiers were killed in saturday's (..) attack.   dozens of women have left their homes in the west to join isis.   draft biden, just a few months old, raised less than $, through the end of june.   dramatic economic inequality gives way to social and political inclusion.   dr. ben carson, on the other hand, still has a lot to prove.   dr. hartog said that kybella is "ideally suited" for both women and men who want to make subtle improvements to the contour of their face, especially those in a professional setting.   dr imran rafi of the rcgp said: "the college has produced guidance for gps and practice staff to promote online services to patients as part of its patient online toolkit.   “drinking a pitcher of red wine at prune on the banks of the canal saint-martin was our own way of saying ‘merde’ to all of this, that we were breathing, that we were alive,” she wrote.   "drinking on the job isn't good at mcdonald's and it certainly isn't good if you work for the secret service," he said.   driouch posted pictures of him and farah training on a track and hanging around at a camp in ethiopia earlier this year on his facebook page, with more images being published on social media.   drive clear across the mountains and you’ll still enjoy pristine views of orange-turning larch trees seen from washington pass overlook, before you descend into okanogan county.   driveid is not the first product on the market designed to keep drivers from the temptation of using their phone when they should focused on driving.   drivers in the world's biggest market by number of vehicles bought . million cars, minivans and other passenger vehicles, according to the china association of automobile manufacturers.   drone filmmakers, pigeon vision show you superyachts as you've never seen them before.   drop-in -step (narcotics anonymous) group open to anyone in recovery. -; www.sasgcc.org paths to recovery al-anon family group. -:pm.   drowned in a sea of epic banter and snowboarding photos.   dr. peter marks of the fda said the change is "backed by sound scientific evidence" and will "continue to protect our blood supply."   dr. shambaugh is a professor of international affairs and the director of the china policy program at george washington university and a nonresident senior fellow at the brookings institution.   dr. stephen mechanick, a defense psychiatrist, said plotts, although mentally disturbed, did not meet the criteria for not guilty by reason of insanity.   drugs would be driven from hertfordshire to kent.   drunk driver busted in mcdonald's drive-thru cbc news posted: jul , : pm nt last updated: jul , : pm nt a marystown man was arrested and charged, after stopping at a mcdonald's drive-thru while impaired.   du bois, and the formality and strange wisdom of the bible.   duceppe took aim wednesday at canada post, accusing the crown corporation of being arrogant in bringing in community mailboxes and closing post office counters in rural areas without proper consultation.   duchess shoppe employees told wsaz they had no idea the bill was fake until it was brought to the bank.   duda's moves monday morning comes as the -year-old seeks to send a message of national unity after a campaign that revealed deep divisions in the country.   dudley, who also declined an interview request, has acknowledged that the once-reliable linkage between the fed funds rate and broader financial conditions has grown unstable.   due to drug shortages and bans, however, many states are using substitute chemicals that have led to protracted executions.   duffy said he didn't have his diary in the courtroom wednesday, but would check and bring it back on thursday.   dupont's victory could be a model for how other chief executives could try to fend off activist investors, experts said.   duration: : over , students sent home after threat over , students sent home after threat msnbc's jacob soboroff describes the security at one of the elementary schools in los angeles closed after threats were made against the district.   "during , one estimates that the number of auspicious dates are % fewer than last year -- due to various astrological things," said pr.   during a conference call between administration officials and reporters, fbi director james comey described the scope of the office of personnel management (opm) breach as "huge."   during an altercation the -year-old suspect pepper sprayed the boy, who then stabbed the suspect several times in the upper body, police said.   during a visit to a west bank settlement that has been the scene of numerous attacks, he also said work permits would be withdrawn from the families of alleged attackers.   during clinton's service as secretary of state under the obama administration, staffers complained that dealing with her hair was a chore.   during that same period, the ku klux klan began using the flag more widely.   during the appeal, the district argued that the jury didn't consider the issue or responsibility or sexual history in the case, and instead it based the verdict was not negligent because they did not know or have reason to suspect hermida.   during the crash oakley was ejected from the passenger compartment.   during the day, he works for a cyber security firm.   during the early days of naval warfare, the aim of combat wasn't to sink ships, but to capture them.   during the ebola outbreak, people infected with malaria have been unable to get treatment, either because they have been too afraid to seek help at health centres or because such facilities have been closed.   during the first few days that brewer spent sifting through the rubble, he was specifically looking for his daughter's friend, summer raffo.   during the middle of the ceremony, a video montage aired that — spoiler!   during the past several years, there have been numerous accounts of sexual assault and hazing on dartmouth’s campus.   during the pilot, the app will only available during "standard rush hour times", while riders will be limited to two trips per day - to work and back.   during the varsity meet, wrestlers on both teams will be wearing the pink shirts, which read “pink out, fight against breast cancer” on the front, “pa vs. wa” on the sleeve, and “two teams, one cause, one fight” on the back.   during the victory day parade in moscow in , george w. bush stood next to putin, as did bill clinton with boris yeltsin in .   during the war mrs harrison had spitfire pilots to stay in her home, as riverview park was an airport and the airmen needed somewhere nearby to stay.   "during viktor yanukovych's presidency, their companies were granted land plots for the construction, and equipment imported for those plants was exempt from customs duty and vat, and what not," the journalist wrote on facebook.   durry said the main reason for the fall in cases was better access to families in previously unvaccinated areas, where troops have been advancing.   dw culture editor silke wünsch obviously not.   dw presents concerts and portraits in this monthly podcast.   each broadwell processor will feature electronics dedicated to helping d cameras carry out gesture and facial expression using intel realsense technology.   each player is presented in the study and there are provided financial data and indicators for a six year period.   each toy now comes with a free can of bug spray.   e! also reported that the -year-old national basketball association veteran had opened his eyes, saw kardashian at his bedside and said to her, "hey, baby," then gave her a thumbs-up sign before falling back to sleep.   earlier, futures fluctuated on wednesday ahead of the adp payroll data, which is not seen as an exact preview for friday's jobs report but it can give directional hints, and the market watches it for any big surprises.   earlier in the day, police were asking the public to stay away from the area near wanuskewin road just north of saskatoon in the corman park industrial area.   earlier this month, china approved four additional new airports in provinces including xinjiang and heilongjiang, costing . billion yuan ($. billion).   earlier this year, a group of south africa's most prominent anti-apartheid activists, politicians, artist, lawyers and academics called on our prime minister to reconsider.   earlier this year house republican leaders were forced to cancel a vote on the legislation, known as the "pain capable unborn child protection act," when several female house republican members rebelled against it.   early friday morning, the crowd threw rocks and stones and sprayed pepper water at the police that tried to make a forced exit, the county government said.   early on, merkel's message to her country was: "we can do it!"   economic policy institute african-americans and women may already be suffering from a slow recovery in public sector employment.   economists call this the runner's paradox.   edmond lonergan, founder and ceo of green planet group, said his team is excited and enouraged by the initial growing test results.   “education is not a political tool” (教育不是政治工具) was a slogan created by lin.   efforts to ensure pilot safety have gained urgency after the united states and nato denounced russia for violating turkish airspace.   egypt has been without a parliament since june when a court dissolved the democratically elected main chamber, dominated by the now-banned muslim brotherhood, reversing a major accomplishment of the uprising that toppled autocrat hosni mubarak.   egyptian officials said the voice recorder was damaged and previous disasters suggest the separate flight data recorder would have seen its power cut and produced little of value.   egyptian security forces killed people and wounded ten "by accident" when they mistook a convoy of mainly mexican tourists for a group of militants they were hunting in the desert, the interior ministry said on monday.   egypt's top appeals court is to decide on the contestation.   egypt, the most populous arab country, faces a jihadist insurgency that has killed hundreds of soldiers and policemen since the army toppled president mohamed mursi of the muslim brotherhood in after mass protests against his rule.   eight is enough: for the first time since the academy expanded possible best-picture nominees to contenders in , just eight films are up for the top prize in .   eight kilograms (. pounds) of cocaine was seized during the arrests.   eintracht kept up the pressure in the second half and substitute luc castaignos should have done much better, but he fired wildly over the bar from close range after chasing down a deep cross.   either way, a new prius is sure to cost a lot less than a tesla (or even the mirai) — it's just going to take a little while to get used to that face.   either way, klinger has let go of his guilt with the help of a counselor who, as he puts it, helped his heart accept that he "did what he had to do."   elections for the next majles (iranian parliament), as well as for the assembly of experts (a constitutional body that appoints the supreme leader) will be held in late february .   eleven graduating students were invited to present their senior thesis research papers at the western psychological association (wpa) convention in las vegas in may.   elfman’s collection is sprawling and “breaks into categories,” he said.   eli racer then picked up three yards on first down but bell was stopped for a four-yard loss and an incomplete pass forced hamlin to punt again.   eliza beardy said medical staff need to realize first nations patients are no different than any other patient.   elliott also reported from washington.   elliott, the third-largest shareholder in samsung c&t, is not alone in criticizing the deal as unfair to minority shareholders.   "elmau delivered," said greenpeace climate expert martin kaiser, adding that at the summit "the vision of a percent renewable energy future is starting to take shape while spelling out the end of coal".   elmore county probate judge john e. enslen said in a statement tuesday that "the dust has quickly settled" and it was clear same-sex marriages were allowed in the state.   el niño's effects go well beyond those northern states.   elsewhere, in concentration camps such as ravensbrück, dachau, buchenwald and mauthausen, people were systematically killed by hard labor, torture, starvation and other means.   elsewhere in the west bank, an israeli man standing outside an israeli-run supermarket was seriously wounded in a palestinian stabbing attack, and troops were searching for the assailant, the army said.   e-mail: email us here website: visit our website if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   email him at ctl@cnn.com. the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.   emergency crews were called to the block of macleod trail southeast at about : a.m. mt.   emergency room visits among people and older who used ecstasy increased by percent from to — reaching an annual total of , cases, according to recent federal figures.   emirates chief sheikh ahmed bin saeed al-maktoum told afp sunday that dubai's national carrier made many orders at the last edition of the show in , implying no major deals should be expected.   employers have added nearly . million jobs the past two years, allowing more people to absorb higher prices.   employers / post a job sponsored lending news most stock quote data provided by bats.   'energize minorities' and he recently tweeted: "we must energize minorities all across the country to engage in the democratic process and thwart efforts to disenfranchise minority voters."   energy: benchmark u.s. crude rose cents to $. per barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange, while brent crude, which is used to price international oils, was up cents at $. per barrel in london.   energy boost: energy companies rose . percent, the second-biggest gain among the sectors in the s&p . eight of the industry sectors in the index rose.   energy companies slid . percent after earlier nearly erasing a decline of . percent as the financial times reported opec may hold an emergency meeting on oil’s slide.   england, the champion and runner-up, will draw inspiration from playing on home soil, having won its past seven home games, and winger anthony watson has been a revelation.   "english salon focuses on building strong english reading habits through its approach to content and cultural understanding, which includes internationally renowned experts and contributors," said guo lei, editor-in-chief of english salon.   enter deboer, whom the new jersey devils fired last december with the team in the midst of a -game slide in deboer's fourth season behind the bench.   enter tiny houses, which are relatively inexpensive to build, buy and maintain.   “enthrall me with your acumen…” "they were looking for a home in which you entered the front door and had a straight line through," said barbara lloyd.   enthused by the electronic media, the maestro gave his personal approval to the project, having known for years that this would be the place where such music is truly appreciated.   environmental activists are putting heavy pressure on obama to veto keystone xl.   environmental activists have opposed it as delaying the transition to cleaner forms of energy and increasing emissions of greenhouse gases by speeding development of canada's oil sands.   environment canada issued wind warnings throughout the day and noted that gusts exceeded km/h in some areas.   environment canada said in a special weather statement that snow will start in southwestern newfoundland on sunday afternoon before spreading across the island.   epson showed off the platform, designed for its moverio headset, at the israeli droidcon near tel aviv recently.   erdogan also said the syrian kurdish pyd remained a terrorist organization.   erdogan attempted to portray the wave of protests that rolled through his country as a provocation from abroad, designed to weaken turkey internally in order to call into question its role as a regional power, gülistan gürbey said.   erdogan initiated negotiations in to try to end the pkk insurgency, largely fought in the predominantly kurdish southeast and which has killed , people since .   erdogan said turkey had not specifically targeted russia when it shot down the plane, saying it was "an automatic response" in line with its rules of engagement.   eric garner, , died while he was being arrested for allegedly selling loose cigarettes in front of a bodega and was put into a chokehold during a confrontation with police.   éric grenier's regular column on polls and polling trends will return june . report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   ernst, , and the department had been engaged in a disagreement over the complaints since at least last week, when the coach is said to have offered his resignation.   especially if we don't want them still living in our basements and on our dime when they're ? here are five topics you ought to consider discussing in depth with your recent college graduate.   essentially, the hyperactivity of gaba in a patient's system acts as a "parking brake," no matter how much "acceleration" is applied from stimulants.   "essentially, what (al-assad's) done here is put a piece of paper that he controls to a vote that he controls so that he can try and maintain control," a u.s. state department spokeswoman said.   essential services and transport links were suspended after the downpour.   etau, which smashed into japan yesterday, moved out into the sea of japan (east sea) by the end of the day, but a wall of rain continued to lash the country.   ethan hawke and sally hawkins are starring in the feature film maudie, which is about the life of legendary nova scotia painter maud lewis.   ethics statement - community guidelines terms of use - privacy policy all systems operational check out our status page for more details.   eu interior and justice ministers in brussels on friday pledged solidarity with france in the wake of the attacks and agreed a series of new measures on surveillance, border checks and gun control.   eu proposals may briefly discuss the plans at a two-day summit starting in brussels on thursday.   eu readies military mission against human trafficking hours ago luxembourg, june (upi) -- the european union began a military operation monday aimed at ending the trade in human trafficking to europe.   eu regulators said in january that amazon's tax arrangement might violate eu rules by giving the online retailer an unfair advantage over its competitors.   european benchmark brent oil for july delivery dropped cents to $. a barrel in london.   european health officials may soon scrap the prescription requirement for the "morning after" pill.   european markets were all declining by about % to % in early trading and most asian markets closed with losses.   european olympic committees head patrick hickey said it was "purely coincidental" that the netherlands had withdrawn wednesday, just two days before the opening of the inaugural european games in baku, azerbaijan.   european union warns of impending refugee 'catastrophe' during winter .. a humanitarian catastrophe is looming over tens of thousands of refugees as winter closes in, the european union has warned.   europe "can provide more help," ban said at a joint press conference in dublin with irish prime minister enda kenny, calling for search and rescue operations in the mediterranean sea to be "further strengthened".   europe is reaping a whirlwind of its own making.   eurozone growth surprises .. data released wednesday showed gdp in the -member euro area rose zero point four percent quarter on quarter in the first quarter.   eu vice president for the euro and social dialogue yesterday said that in view of the “persistent uncertainty,” the eu had slashed its projection of greece’s gdp growth for this year from . percent to . percent.   evan longoria helps tampa bay rays complete sweep of miami marlins hours ago st. petersburg, fla. -- despite a wildly inefficient offensive performance, the tampa bay rays completed a three-game sweep of the miami marlins.   even after he was shot, they did not even know his identity.   even demolitions will be needed in order to create parks to provide citizens the necessary public green space.   even discounting the political nuttiness that required years just to get ground broken on california’s high-speed rail project, musk couldn’t figure out a way to get tubes any closer than an hour from each city.   even hungary's razor fences can't stop the flow of migrants .. austria was expecting up to , people to cross its border saturday.   "even if they survive, if they leave the reindeer herding culture that distinguishes them, their culture will die."   even in denmark in northern europe, scores of people flocked to beaches to cool down as temperatures climbed above c ( f) saturday.   even in france, the euro zone country most sympathetic to athens, an opinion poll published on tuesday showed one in two people want greece to leave the euro zone.   even in the united states, the robot got a trip to fenway park and took in the sights in midtown manhattan.   even many of those who have never gone to the middle east are under heightened observation since the end of last week.   even so, this is great news for the mid-range device market..   “even then, he was abu bakr.   even though he was eventually beaten by nolito, navas had another outstanding performance between the posts for madrid since taking over from club legend iker casillas this summer.   even though it's been ½ years since the mccanns were last seen alive, and tens of thousands of hours have been invested by the rcmp to investigate the case, next to nothing is known publicly about how or why the elderly couple became targets.   even though the festival runs for a whole week in hollywood, there's practically never enough time to see everything you want.   even though we are separated, we will always remain best friends and, as always, our family will remain our no. priority," they told e!.   eventually he made the transition to coaching, guiding the american basketball association's newark express and the pennsylvania valleydawgs of the united states basketball league.   eventually, researchers from the university of michigan determined that bristle had stumbled upon the bones of an animal that has been extinct for over , years.   eventually that will hurt the product on the field, but not right away.   even two-time oscar winner tom hanks said he spent " and / years of living in self-loathing."   even while he was in malta, scicluna remained a member of the congregation, active in its deliberations.   even with that positive news the unemployment rate for blacks (. percent) and hispanics (. percent) is still higher than the national average (. percent).   ” everett’s three days of shows at bumbershoot will be something like her comedy central special.   “ever since i was a little kid, i've loved horror movies and anything to do with it,” nicholas said.   "everybody has problems; everybody has to learn to deal with them."   everybody has to be curious and interested in getting better and show me in training that they give per cent all the time.   "everybody has to work," said gilbert arredondo, an okieville resident who sells tires.   everybody knows everybody here."   "everybody sees you on the stage, they see you winning awards, they see you winning championships.   everybody wants to embrace them and it gives you a great feeling."   every day cramer's twitter feed is filled with questions from investors asking when it will be bought by facebook (fb), google (googl) or apple (aapl).   "every day, it's getting a little bit better," says arthur lighthall, general manager of the breezy point cooperative.   every day, this is what keeps me going.   every eye in the crowd turned to look at me to hear what i was going to say.   ''every game writes its own story.'   "every human being should act. they should stop this violence," day said, quoting one of mueller's blog posts.   everyone came by boat," he said.   everyone trumpeted the end of the recession in the first half of the year.   'everything comes down to biology.'   "every tribe and every family will have to make their own decisions."   • evolving gameplay provides you with new thrills and challenges.   exact store locations haven't been disclosed yet, but for dates check the oneplus website.   except now his face was slightly skewed, like the man in edvard munch’s the scream with his mouth wired shut.   except that it took you only to minutes to complete instead of to minutes.   expect a "daily-changing seafood- and street food-heavy menu," a sample of which is included in the article, with a tropical drinks list to boot.   expectations create stress meeting these expectations, even partially, creates huge stress for many people.   expect a typical % increase in battery life per minute for iphone and plus applications.   experiential, intimate and refined, the art is a modern architectural gem bursting with unique, multi-sensory installations.   experts also point to the new york subway project as another tif that can "fall significantly short of raising projected revenue."   experts have suggested that these numbers are merely the tip of the iceberg, as many victims do not report the assaults.   experts say you should check the vin (vehicle identification number) — the -digit code generally printed at the bottom corner of your vehicle's dash on the driver's side — before you drive it.   experts who deal with former prisoners say the public is often unaware of how tough life can be.   explaining that while there are businesses that have successfully created and implemented their own seo strategies, he stated many people lack the knowledge to do this successfully.   explore our election guide constantine argues the county has good reason for wanting in. he oversees a sprawling criminal-justice system that now takes up percent of the county’s budget, constraining funding for everything else.   explore the latest designs of the pacific northwest the door is closed, but it's not locked.   extreme heat kills over , in india desalination: a solution to california's drought?   facebook has a partnership with a group called fsm, which monitors multimedia service providers on a voluntary basis, and has said it would encourage its users to push back against racism.   face the nation netanyahu: nuclear agreement is iran’s “dream deal..   " facing that disbelief in an election climate favoring republicans, the boxer team set out on an intensive scrub of fiorina's business record, sifting through her countless interviews, speeches and public statements.   fact-finding groups, calling themselves “light scouts” (光偵探), are each led by a professional lighting designer.   fahmy's fiancée, marwa omara, broke down in tears, and cried: "long live justice."   falling in love with saskatchewan born in england, morris had spent all of her adult life in canada.   falling prices put a damper on tokyo's hopes to overcome years of deflation.   families can chill at 'dive-in' movies while floating on inner tubes or enjoying snacks on the deck—and you'll be dazzled by the fireworks intermission every saturday.   family and friends also sponsored a bone-marrow registry drive to raise awareness of the need and easier methods of bone-marrow donation.   family photo kayla jean mueller in a photo released by her family.   family spokeswoman anneliese burgess said on tuesday that they were glad to have pistorius home and that the athlete would observe his parole conditions closely.   family will be one of the themes that will be debated at the vatican in october during a synod of bishops, as the church tackles hot-button issues such as single-parenthood, divorce and gay marriage.   "far better to go in and write in there 'marge simpson' or something, better yet write in your mother-in-law's name or something like that or vote for two of the candidates or leave it all blank," he said.   farley-berens: we're very social!   farmer john cole, who lives nearby, said the incident happened at am where the thieves had specifically stolen the rounded bricks which lay on top of the wall.   farmers hope to create a new industry similar to what the region saw with wine decades ago.   fashion, especially ready-to-wear, is something real, made for everyday and for everyone to express their own creativity and individuality."   fati has not seen her husband since they fled their home in doron baga, nigeria when boko haram attacked.   fawcett said she has had enough.   fbi: calif. shooting investigated as terror play video several republican presidential candidates had quickly labeled the shootings an act of terrorism and faulted obama for not saying so immediately.   fear is about something that might happen in the future.   february , - protests begin in yemen, inspired by the revolution in egypt that ousted hosni mubarak.   february , - liberia reopens its land border crossings shut down during the ebola outbreak, and liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf also lifts a nationwide curfew imposed in august to help combat the virus.   february-march - violence levels in benghazi spike, with assassinations, kidnappings and bombings becoming near daily occurrences.   fed cautious over rates hikes the imf doesn't see inflation in the us hitting the fed's -percent target until mid-.   federal forces accused according to the official account, the missing students who were attending a rural school for teachers were attacked on the orders of the then mayor of iguala, jose luis abarca.   federal investigators earlier this year tracked messages associated with australi witness to goldberg's address in orange park, about miles south of jacksonville, according to the complaint.   " federer, runner-up to djokovic last year, needed only minutes to dispatch simon.   feeling down on himself, richie is convinced by his buddies to use his dancing talent to seduce a mini mart employee who looks like she hasn't smiled once this decade.   feinstein noted that brennan himself had previously apologized for the actions of some cia officials in the dispute.   fellow comic louis c.k., his guest wednesday, noted that stewart was able to keep his show fresh and funny for a long time, keeping up with the world's changes.   fellow democratic representative chris van hollen said last week he was running to succeed mikulski in next year's election.   fellow dup mp ian paisley jr said he understood that shadow cabinet members would have demanded mr mcdonnell's sacking had he not apologised.   fellow officers tried to save his life before he was taken to hospital, but he died shortly after arriving.   fewer than half her serves were put in play.   fgw tickets will be accepted on arriva trains wales services on friday between carmarthen and swansea, swansea and newport, newport to hereford and newport to cheltenham.   "fifa and csa, on the other hand, will fail to host a discrimination-free tournament.   fifty-eight percent of americans think most illegal immigrants in the u.s. should be allowed to stay in this country and apply for citizenship, and another percent think they should be allowed to stay but not allowed to apply.   fighting raged in eastern ukraine despite european efforts to resurrect a still-born ceasefire, a day after pro-russian separatists took a strategic town.   figure out who your friends are the first step and most important part of a successful new year's is having your people locked down.   filed under: kim jong un • north korea • secret service • sony soundoff (no responses) click here to cancel reply.   file - in this april, , , file photo, former president bill clinton, left, looks up at his por … "there's a lot of nonsense and charlatanism out there, the vast percentage of it.   file - in this aug. , file photo, chicago cubs players charge the mound as home plate umpire f … the young and talented new york mets had a -year-old phenom named dwight gooden who was taking over the big apple one breathtaking fastball at a time.   file - in this may , file photo, attorney general loretta lynch, left, accompanied by baltimor … —george wells iii, , who was fatally shot six times in march during an altercation with a police officer while armed with an edged weapon.   file - in this oct. , , file photo, ada moses, , the grandmother of alesia thomas, who died … o'callaghan's attorney noted his client has an exemplary record, and no complaints against her have been upheld in her years on the force.   file - meaghan ybos discusses memphis' backlog of untested rape kits on thursday, feb. , … there's a new urgency, too, among lawmakers.   file - this photo taken nov. , shows entertainer bill cosby gesturing during an interview abou … cosby has not been charged in any of the alleged assaults and has denied them.   filipa neto, , could have established her business anywhere in europe.   final destination has had five films about groups of people trying to avoid the grim reaper.   finally, clark also advised ulbricht on tactics to thwart efforts by law enforcement to investigate silk road.   "finally i can resume my life," he said.   finally it was nic hoefling for the tigers at pounds.   finally -- say that there is, in fact, an increase in crime.   finally, the issue of the toxicity of electromagnetic radiation (emf – now known as "electrosmog") was also raised, as another form of environmental pollution.   finally, there is so-called legalist school, expressed through the works of li si, han fei zi and guan zi.   final note: that grey cup?   find a group of people that can participate, find the best idea, and bring that idea to market.   find national post on facebook topics: canada, news, world, paris attack powered by wordpress.com vip follow “national post” get every new post delivered to your inbox.   find out more about njd global pty by following them on twitter, or by liking them on facebook.   find out what all the chatter's about, as couchoux talks to all in a weekend host sonali karnick.   fingers had to be pointed, officially at islamic fundamentalism, but unofficially, it seemed, at muslims in general and other perceived outsiders.   fiorina: she called trump an "entertainer" during a stop in new hampshire saturday, writes nbc's kailani koenig.   fire chief carl johnson reported that the fire department responded to calls in november: in the city limits and in the county.   fire crews are clearing brush and setting sprinklers to protect two groves of giant sequoias as a massive week-old wildfire rages along the remote northwest edge of yosemite national park.   firefighters arrived at the scene seven minutes later to find the house fully engulfed.   firefighters say the fire damaged a dog house, the gas meter, and scorched the siding on the home.   fire officials expect the stickpin fire's growth to slow because the area where it's headed was burned in a previous wildfire, which means it will have less fuel.   fire photographer tod sudmeier gets hit with flying embers from strong winds at the solimar brush fire that started early saturday morning in ventura county, calif., dec. , .   first check with brandon on how things have panned out overnight temperature and snow shower wise.   "first, i am sorry to wildrose members and supporters that i was unable to make the wildrose a viable, governing alternative," she said in the statement.   firstly, storing hundreds of these backpacks on board is going to be a major issue.   first nations like mistawasis near prince albert and fishing lake have also banished people for crimes.   first nbn satellite to be launched in september commercial service from one of nbn co's pair of ka-band satellites is expected to begin next year, following a launch date set for september.   first published dec , : pm et next story obama describes u.s. gun law loophole as 'insane'   first responders detected very high levels of carbon monoxide and evacuated the avalon park store.   first student inc. is the bus transportation provider.   first, the company allegedly forced the employees to buy new abercrombie clothes every time new sales guides were released, which the plaintiffs' attorney says violated california state labor codes.   first, the gift of baseball should be withdrawn from japan, and more care should be taken in the future when deciding who would receive such a gift.   firtash controls more than % of ukrainian regional gas companies, as well as more than half of the domestic chemical industry.   "fiscal waterboarding," as he termed the conditions of the loan packages, would have to end immediately.   fisheries and oceans minister gail shea said in a statement the proposed marine-protected-area regulations are a major step towards ensuring the preservation of the reefs, which cover about , square kilometres.   fish stressed by heat anglers had reported that fish were so stressed that many didn't survive after they were released.   five arrests have been made in hungary in connection with the deaths, and one in bulgaria.   five times during the last decade, revelations of slavery involving the disabled have emerged, each time generating national shame and outrage.   five years ago its economy grew three times faster than the united states.   fixing the financial system: in , the u.s. financial system nearly melted down completely.   flat tax the biggest winner of the republican debate?   fletcher said that based on reports from his negotiators, there will be pushback from some countries on the . goal.   floods would follow and destroy what was left of the remaining crops.   flood waters that had started to recede began rising again around noon after a new cloudburst that sent residents running for shelter under trees and in shopfronts.   floral tributes outside deal barracks after the bombing last year marked years since the tragedy, for which no one has ever been arrested or convicted.   florentina fellin february , : pm i simply want to mention i'm newbie to weblog and actually savored your page.   flores waited until people left the room,” deputy district attorney laura evans said.   flores was reportedly raised by the maduro and his wife.   floyd track, a resident of the lower ninth ward in new orleans, points out all of the neighbours who lost their homes and haven't come back since hurricane katrina.   flutter, which is described as having an "exploratory" user experience, is in development with consultation from psychologists and councillors.   fmi call the american cancer society office in amarillo at --.   follow ap images on twitter: https://twitter.   follow barrow on twitter at https://www.   follow @cnnsport sharapova had since made five finals in miami and last year was only beaten by the tournament's most successful player, serena williams.   follow her on twitter: @sallykohn.   following that first pro season, sonics owner sam schulman signed haywood to a six-year, $. million contract despite the nba’s eligibility rules.   following the proposal, the entertainer took his bride-to-be out for a nice meal in georgia.   follow jrk on twitter d.r.a.m., the sleigher congress wants to know if two d.c.-area museums are actually museums to do today: ‘twelve years that shook washington,’ john waters, and glide the e-mail field is required.   follow me, if you will.   follow me on twitter and youtube.   follow reporter matt mcnab at twitter.   follow the phillies: download our free pro baseball app!   follow us @livescience, facebook & google+.   follow us on google+ link up with us!   "for $ billion in cash, i could build you a working reactor," professor steven cowley, ceo of the uk atomic energy authority, told popular mechanics.   for a factbox, click on still, greek's ex-communist neighbors were in nervous, watchful mode as they observed the drama in athens.   for alicante, it's a clear example of how human rights abuses can continue when an autocrat escapes international criticism, he said.   for a long time now fifa has been at the centre of allegations that suggest it is a deeply flawed and corrupt organisation.   for aspartame, % were positive and % were negative.   for a while the couple dreamed of a sober future with a healthy baby.   for barksdale, it's khalil mack, who is seventh in the nfl with quarterback hurries.   for devoted viewers who have spent eight years scrutinizing every weighty silence and devastating glance, the finale will surely linger in the mind like a nagging regret.   ford fills its new limited trim f- with luxury cabin appointments and all the tech.   ford motor and nissan motor drivers will still be able to listen to discs in vehicles but the trend line shows that’s destined to change.   ford's chief of staff said thursday the former toronto mayor has been cleared to return to his duties as a city councillor for one or two days per week.   foreign investment and presence in alaska is growing.   forensic psychiatrist gary chaimovicz's psychiatric assessment included statements from greene including that he, "routinely wants to carry a big old dirty knife" and has "stashed knives throughout the city."   for every type of purported chinese cyber threat, there are also serious chinese vulnerabilities and growing western strengths.   “for example, a product claimed that it could help improve eczema, which is claiming it is a medical treatment,” senior consumer ombudsman wang te-ming (王德明) said.   for example, greece's new prime minister alexis tsipras has recently had to come to the realization that powerful neighbors can be demonized in elections, but in the end you can't do much without them.   for example, if an employer offers a dollar to dollar match up to %, and an employee contributes to the maximum match, the individual's total (k) contribution is % — still short of this savings threshold.   for example, if a patient suffering from terminal colon cancer opted to take the drugs to end his life, the cause of death would be listed as colon cancer.   for example, if your wireless provider promises you access to unlimited data, it can't renege on that promise and choke off the speed of your downloads as you use more and more data services.   "for example in one of the polling stations this morning, the deputy returning officer and the daughter were supposed to work together.   for example, john kelly - a professional musician - knew that playing a physical instrument was important for live performance.   for example, maley asked tegan how she could make her maraca produce a different sound.   for example, much of the value of digital companies lies not in their tangible assets (factories, warehouses, machinery, and so on), but in their software," it said.   for example, sapphires in colors other than blue, or spinel, she said.   for example, us president barack obama wants trudeau to commit long-term to the us-led military mission against islamic state militants in syria and iraq, while nato members are unhappy ottawa is not spending enough money on defense.   for extremely ill patients — those who have not responded to medications or therapy — laser surgery that targets and literally burns away the affected areas of the brain may help relieve their symptoms.   for god's sake, this is the flag we have on the tables when my children have their birthdays.   for good reason, we have repeatedly refused to take such a step.   for half a day each week, one wing of the smith clinic's third floor in houston is transformed into a tropical medicine clinic, treating all manner of infectious diseases for anyone who walks through the door.   for health insurers, knowing whether their clients have a greater likelihood of developing a condition that could bring years of expensive medical treatment would have a clear benefit.   "for him to show that film, for him to completely and blatantly ignore me would be terrible," she said of the film's producer, alan elliot, whom she sued in to prevent a prior showing of the movie.   for hip-hop fans, a clinton reference is not news because the former first lady has been mentioned in rap lyrics for decades.   for india, which imports about % of its crude, the fall in global prices was an immense windfall.   for instance, actavis jumped to no. , up spots after buying allergan.   for instance, december's is "get inspired," although its contents are still under wraps.   for instance, if seizures were a serious concern, would it be safe to let someone drive?   for in the winter garden, there is no such thing as the dead of winter.   for its part the government is ticking over - just - partly due to short term borrowing from the banks.   formally retired from entertainment, she came out of retirement to perform two or three nights a week at the atlantis resort, paradise island.   formal talks were last held in but even they were only between representatives of the two sides.   for many, his finest opportunity comes wednesday, with a victory potentially paving the way for a title that would allow djokovic to complete the career grand slam, emulating federer and nadal.   "for many people in my class, the minutes they spend with me is the only time during their day that they have to themselves," iannone says.   for mass-market items, the rate of attrition was percent.   for men, it's about one in every seven.   for me, part of the fun of the collecting process was trying to get the very best instruments.   former egyptian doctor zawahri urged unity between islamist militant factions in syria and iraq, where a western-led coalition is bombing islamic state targets, but recognized it would he be difficult.   former environment canada scientist tony turner became famous last month with his "harperman" song, which criticized outgoing prime minister stephen harper's so-called "attack on science."   former mtv reality star tila tequila's sex tape will kick off opening night of the event.   former swedish foreign minister carl bildt: "there is a risk of military escalation" however, us secretary of state john kerry denied any rift with eu leaders, saying, "i keep hearing people trying to create one.   "for me, talking about sex isn't about trying to get us to do that.   for mobile device users: is charlottetown's plan to get rid of the residential property tax credit fair?   form of payment: all payments must be by cash, certified check, cashier´s or treasurer´s check or by a united states postal, bank, express, or telegraph money order.   for more atmospheric drama on the mean streets of new york, try the classic movie "klute".   for more information about the gluten-free mall, visit the website at www.glutenfreemall.com, or blog at www.glutenfreemallblog.com, or call the customer service line toll-free at () -.   for more information follow @ptygem on twitter and 'like' them on facebook.   for more information, visit www.trademarkproperty.com.   for more information, visit www.wvcommerce.-org/operationlifejacket. take the online safety pledge to help ensure a fun and safe summer for all in the mountain state.   for more of this kind of analysis, join our new real-time, live-market analysis chat room.   for most people, it is hard to even imagine the difficulties facing disabled children and their families.   for multiple systems, receivers will synchronize themselves to accommodate up to channels in an ideal rf environment.   "for nearly twenty-eight years, steve has been a very important leader and the post is all the better for his years of devotion and service.   for nine years, the kindred spirits fawn rescue has cared for hundreds of fawns found injured on roads or caught in fences, near dead mothers in the wild or alone on suburban lawns.   for now, a looming default by a large, systemically important firm would likely still result in a bailout.   for now, docker manages the timestamp key.   for now, she is on a daily adventure.   for now, though, it is good to know as much as possible about your market's value, and even better to know when to walk away.   for religious rights, it protects the right of an individual employee to express their religious or moral beliefs in "a reasonable, non-disruptive or non-harassing way," as long as it doesn't interfere with the company's business.   for results among all registered voters, the margin of sampling error is plus or minus percentage points.   for some districts, low energy prices had helped boost spending.   for some it took more than a year to find a job, but they survived to tell the tale.   for students who have borrowed, o'malley said he would automatically enroll them in income-based repayment programs.   for students without eu passports, it's full days or half days per year.   for that, i respect him.   for the bath, the “universal design” trend facilitates aging-in-place for homeowners without looking institutional.   for the brumbies, it was their third loss of the season, but they earned a bonus point to remain in second place on the ladder as the top australian team.   for the complete article and more stories from the standard democrat, log in to our electronic edition.   for the first three months, we'll ask parents to apply one drop of an essential oil blend on the back of their child's neck, and one drop into the child's feet in the morning before starting the day.   for the first time ever, girl scout cookies will be sold online through a national platform called digital cookie.   for the idol that once told the people what they should eat is now down on its knees begging the people to explain what it should do to repent, and to say just what want for lunch.   for the immediate future, the prime minister has made it clear that he will attempt to enact legislation, allowing the sdf to participate in efforts to rescue endangered japanese citizens abroad.   for the unicode consortium, which standardizes letters, numbers, and emojis into numbers that computers can recognize, the legitimacy of emoji as a true language depends on who you ask.   for the week, the dow rose . percent, the s&p added . percent and the nasdaq increased . percent.   for the wife, it's a dinner party where one of the women "dabbling at being young again" brings a -something date: "he is ten years younger than we are, alert to any sign of compromise or dead-ending within us.   for those more optimistic about a u.s. recovery, it may be time to take some chips off tech and spread their bets to the rest of the table.   for those on the ground, live video will be relayed from four cameras aboard the pioneering saucer-shaped craft.   for those who worked alongside farook, the allegations are difficult to fathom.   "for too long we have sat by while sanctuary jurisdictions release dangerous criminals into the community to harm our citizens.   fortunately, we still seem to get along with the jordanian government.   for unlimited seattletimes.com access, please upgrade your digital subscription.   "for us, it's all very alive," she said, her eyes shining as she told the story of how her grandmother took in a wounded red army commander and hid him from nazi forces.   "for us security is the most important thing," kuchma told journalists, adding that the separatist representatives had been "constructive".   for us, this is just a matter of doing the same things all parents do.   for you, that might mean pressure-washing the driveway (rent one for about $ per day), repairing broken stairs, or updating your mailbox (anywhere from $ to $, depending on style).   four cars carrying gypsum rock derailed on bayside drive in saint john on monday afternoon.   four false witnesses were eventually charged in the case.   four new nasa satellites have been launched to find out what happens when magnetic fields disconnect briefly from earth and then reconnect in another direction.   four of his eight career round-trippers came against texas.   four others previously pleaded guilty: charles blazer, , of the united states: former general secretary of concacaf and former american representative on the fifa executive committee.   four people sat in the front row were among those most seriously hurt.   four seasons resort bora bora, motu tehotu bp , french polynesia; . admire the sunset over santorini open any greece travel brochure and chances are you'll see a shot of the famed blue and white domed houses of santorini.   fourteen defendants have escaped charges thanks to the ruling, including michael steinberg, another ex-employee of billionaire steven a. cohen's sac capital hedge fund.   fourteen premier league clubs make this year's top and, with bidding now open on the next tranche of television rights, the forecast is for that number to rise still further in the next few years.   fourteen tar heels missed at least one game in and seven were forced to sit all season in a case that led to ncaa sanctions in march .   fourth-seeded jankovic, who beat venus williams in the semifinals, was a set and - down before she rallied to beat second-seeded kerber -, - (), - at hong kong's victoria park for her th wta title.   fourth seed gael monfils needed two tiebreakers to force his way into the quarter-finals over austria’s andreas haider-maurer.   fox business : elevator pitch: cups brewing a good biz model?   fox business : can a billionaire win in ?   foxbusiness facebook twitter livefyre email print jack kuster personally requested all , signatures over the course of nearly years, said his surprised heir juan carlos saucedo campos.   fox's assassin thriller hitman: agent , the second attempt in eight years to adapt the popular video game, disappointed with $. million.   fox's strength as a candidate and the past ndp support made vegreville one of seven ridings the party targeted for success in .   fradella's testimony spanned two days during nagin's february trial.   framing climate change as "one of the most important issues not just of our time, but of any time," obama said renewable energy offered a viable solution.   france, germany, italy and switzerland have agreed.   france rally with another sweet blanco-sella combination finished by patrice lagisquet.   france's wiko and spain's bq are two of the biggest firms in this category selling smartphones at around euros ($).   francis also touched on the problems of addiction, unemployment, health and human trafficking experienced by those in urban areas as well as deforestation of the amazon and excess technology affecting forced migration.   francis gets the nun's rush a visibly winded pope francis landed in la paz, bolivia -- one of the world's highest capitals -- on wednesday.   francis has chided church prelates for living beyond their means and has said priests should aim to be "shepherds living with the smell of sheep," which senior interprets as returning the priesthood to what it should all be about.   francis premiered the first single — "wake up!   francis spoke about the paris terror attacks while en route to the philippines on thursday, defending free speech as not only a fundamental human right but a duty to speak one's mind for the sake of the common good.   frankel then says, “i just think i need to broaden my resume.”   franklin & marshall has , students, but more than percent are international.   fraternity members are happy with the change and “communities will benefit greatly from increased opportunities for education,” interfraternity council president tim stackhouse said.   fraud watch sponsored: debt relief scams published: sep , at : am pdt last updated: oct , at : am pdt how’d you like to lower your monthly credit card and loan payments — guaranteed?   fraud watch sponsored: tips to avoiding romance scams published: oct , at : am pdt last updated: oct , at : am pdt it’s one of the oldest tricks in the book.   freddie gray's family could receive millions the family of freddie gray could receive a settlement of $. million from the city of baltimore in newly announced deal.   fredericksen also told court that tibu appeared to almost run out into traffic.   fredericks stated that residents in these areas might see ants and other typical perimeter pests that are moving indoors in search of moisture.   freeman said he may have misunderstood the conversation about rent and that it was possible goncharoff had only worked to help the family find a place to rent in bellevue.   free musical sessions will be offered at a.m. saturday at the rodeway inn chalet at east van buren to teach beginning and intermediate musicians how to learn, understand and participate in circle sessions.   free with entrance fee to the exhibition, but tickets are required.   french airports blocked by anti-uber protests taxi drivers in france have launched nationwide protests against the ridesharing service uber, blocking crucial transport infrastructure in major cities.   french political scientist roland marchal also believes that the troops are leaving too soon.   french president francois hollande has asked that the french fly the tricolor at their homes for friday's official commemoration ceremony for the paris attack victims at the invalides monument.   french revolution epic "les miserables" was a hit when it debuted in shanghai in .   fresh media, the charlottetown marketing group that created the burger love campaign five years ago, says this year's campaign was a runaway success, with almost per cent more burgers sold than last year.   fresh presidential polls are planned in the ivory coast around october with ouattara, a former international monetary fund deputy managing director, nominated to seek re-election as president.   fresno, calif. — chances are strong that a record-setting el nino is headed toward california this winter.   friday night’s victory kept imhotep undefeated, with an overall public league record of -.   friday's cyber security "summit" will consist of top government officials and high-level executives from companies such as apple aapl, american express axp, aig aig, pacific gas and electric pcg, and others.   friends may call now until the hour of service and the family will receive friends from to p.m., tuesday, june , at the funeral home.   friends recalled stories of scott's love of a good laugh.   from a league and culture steeped in sustainability, the organizers of the bundesliga, the deutsche fussball liga (dfl), are needlessly chasing at the tail of capitalism and the lure of greater revenues like the english premier league.   from a legal standpoint, this is not true.   from a standard windows application, you'll be prompted to provide a filename for the pdf.   from a young age, chaillot-louganis said his mother adored and protected him.   from oklahoma to the middle east mackey had an oklahoma twang, the slightly nasal kind that she was proud of, but that belied her worldly understanding.   from santa barbara to san diego, you're sure to find a beautiful outdoor spot.   from there they marched north on telegraph to west grand then marched along west grand to harrison and lakeshore.   from the tread patterns to the decorations on the certificates, all elements were put together with wen’s ingenious creativity.   from tomorrow, customers in the us can opt to have rackspace manage their virtual infrastructure and workloads running on the microsoft microsoft cloud, azure… in a microsoft data center.   frontex said in a statement that more than , people made the journey from turkey to greece in october, bringing the total arriving on greek islands to more than , in the january-october period.   frye's mother, rena frye, lived close to the place of arrest and came to retrieve the car and scold her son.   fueling those arguments is a recent assessment from the office of the director of national intelligence, which suggested that one of the prisoners had tried to contact the taliban from his captivity in qatar.   full toronto forecast traffic as of a.m. there are no major issues to report with traffic on roads moving well and no major problems to report on ttc or go transit.   fund head christine lagarde also called on the federal reserve to refrain from hiking interest rates until , saying conditions were not supportive of a move this year.   funeral services are pending with morrison funeral directors.   funeral services will be thursday afternoon at p.m. at first assembly of god in trumann, with rev. kenneth doke officiating.   fun times: lots of chatter at the hall of justice over sheriff ross mirkarimi’s appointment of former assistant district attorney van ly as his new, $,-a-year chief of staff.   furthermore it was shown that the autonomy and asynchrony of contraction are necessary for proper tissue morphogenesis.   further, unless the light is somehow scattered, a laser is essentially invisible as it passes through the air.   futurecraft d is the name of the d-printing shoe project adidas announced this week.   futures held lower on morning u.s. data, while treasury yields dipped to session lows.   galleries 'thug notes' is youtube's unlikeliest education destination not long ago, whenever a teacher would assign a book report, most students would sprint to barnes & noble to grab the cliffsnotes version that could save their weekend.   galloway: where was it shot?   gallup found that over obama's sixth year in office, an average of % of democrats and just % of republicans approved of the job he was doing, in a report out friday.   game of thrones has helped raise northern ireland's profile as a filming location.   gandhi said during an investigation into the death, police and labor officials visited the brick kiln and found people, including women and children, working there in unhygienic and inhumane conditions.   garland police officer joe harn didn't release the name of the officer, but says "his reaction, and his shooting with a pistol, he did a good job."   garnik rubenovich believes that the best professors in armenia taught his generation.   gate to the ancient capital – the -kilometer-long wall was built in the ming dynasty to safeguard xi'an, a strategic capital for many chinese dynasties.   gcca annual meeting features elections, update on old west philadelphia high school conversion to loft apartments andrew bank, developer of old west philadelphia high school, updated the attendees on the status of the conversion to apartments.   geilenfeld is here to sue mr. kendrick for ruining his reputation.   general kostarakos said that innocent people are drowned in the mediterranean sea and the aegean and this issue must be addressed in some way, under the common security and defence policy.   generations of chinese could not assimilate and planned to stay only as long as it took to save enough to retire back in china.   gene stout: gene@genestout.com no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   geneva on alert following terror threat .. the city of geneva is on alert as police search for several terrorist suspects.   george is a heroic middle-class “failure,” who ultimately realizes he’s “the richest man in town,” despite looming financial disaster and squelched wanderlust.   georgia defeats tongo georgia has won for only the third time at its fourth rugby world cup, taking down tonga - in a match which lived up to predictions of brutal attrition.   german drivers would not have to pay more under the scheme.   german embassy officials left yemen on friday morning, germany's foreign ministry said on twitter.   german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier and economics minister sigmar gabriel said in a joint statement that europe "faces a big test" but the "brave proposals" of the european commission were heading the right way.   german investments in india stand at . billion euros, with about , companies in the country.   german news magazine der spiegel has reported that the nation's bid committee bribed four of the voters with a slush fund of about $ million.   "german threats, and everybody else's threats, are not credible."   germany condemns violent anti-refugee protest in heidenau the german government has condemned the violence that broke out ahead of the arrival of asylum seekers at a temporary shelter in the east of the country.   germany has also boosted controls on part of its border with france.   germany - state by state twenty-five years after german reunification, we show you the reasons to visit each of germany's states.   get ' things you need to know today' in your inbox each morning.   getty images microsoft has a new mission statement that goes straight to the point.   get waterproof – visitors should be prepared to get soaked.   ghaffer maintains that silence is an injustice to women, not least to the victim of the recent, horrific mob violence.   ghali came to canada one year ago and worked hard to take steps in the linc program.   ghana, ivory coast advance christian atsu scored two goals and kwesi appiah added another to help ghana beat guinea - and advance to the african cup of nations semifinals for the fifth straight time.   ghiz also said he would give up his seat.   ghorasainee described how one japanese aid team driving past his village had spotted a local man collapsed by the side of the road.   gilead could not immediately be reached for comment.   gillmor said she didn't have sufficient information to grant the request, which was filed monday.   gimmicks like a tanning tax are not the answer not long after the u. s. supreme court handed down its recent decision to save obamacare, for the second time in three years, more bad news about the law made headlines.   girlpool, capitol hill block party: young-yet-wise band on its first wave of success totally nailing a deceptively simple sound.   girl scouts explore many fields, including art, the out-of-doors, volunteerism, business, the community and much more as they make friends along the way.   giuliani’s comments were refuted by some republicans, too.   given greece's electoral system, which awards an additional seats (one-sixth of the total seats in the unicameral parliament) to the largest party, this is very good news for tsipras.   given that adblock's primary purpose is to remove annoyances from the web, performance issues may prevent it — at least for the moment — from being as useful as it's meant to be, discouraging its use.   given that the gentleman was not a suspect in a crime, nor is it against the law to walk down the street with a golf putter, the officer was performing an illegal stop.   "given the consequences for our climate policy and we cannot rule out….consequences in other areas, it is preferable for the appeals court to examine this judgment," the letter said.   "given the investigation is in its early stages, rcmp are not able to release a lot of information at this time," leblanc said.   given their continually slow adoption of the st century business paradigms and the models needed accordingly, i may have been right - but not complete enough in my assessment.   given the opportunity to take responsibility, they will; that a little encouragement works wonders.   given the rise of islamophobia in recent years, it seems that academics, non-muslim and muslim, bear an additional burden of contextualizing when they step out of the ivory tower to speak publicly on islamic issues.   given the statistical ranges, the data echoed u.s. findings.   global climate talks begin in paris, aiming at long-term deal to reduce man-made emissions paris (ap) — global climate talks begin in paris, aiming at long-term deal to reduce man-made emissions.   global stocks were weighed down monday, nov. , , by weak chinese and global economic data, as well as the prospect of a u.s. interest rate hike in december.   goalkeeper petr cech arrived from chelsea for £m in the summer - a reluctant sale by then boss mourinho - and he has been a transformative figure, as he proved against city with a performance that emphasised every bit of his experience.   goalkeeping is a unique position where only one can play and you just have to bide your time and hope to get a chance.   god, nine months or so.   god willing," he said.   "god willing, on nov. , turkey will go through what i like to call repeat elections," said erdogan, who told reporters he had no intention of giving turkey's opposition leader the opportunity to try to form a government.   going public on social media but the woman hopes that she can work with teenagers in the toronto tamil community to talk about those things together — and to create a counseling network to help others to find a way to share their own experiences.   golden admitted he has intoxicated during the incident, and said he cannot believe he acted in such a violent manner.   golden belt sukuk co sued the french lender in a london court for negligence and breach of contract during its role as arranger, manager and sole bookrunner for the shariah-compliant lending deal.   gold futures settled up $. at $,. an ounce.   golf fighting sands of time?   gonzalez, an iraq veteran reportedly suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, had a folding knife in his pocket at the time of the incident.   google denies israeli youtube monitoring deal the israeli government has corrected its statement on google agreeing to help monitor youtube content after the tech giant denied an agreement had been reached.   google did not immediately respond to cnet's request for comment.   google employee no. -- the company started in her menlo park garage -- now heads up the internet's central hub for all things video.   google (goog) has one.   google has even begun experimenting with hot air balloons.   google has largely defrayed these costs by focusing on rolling out the service one neighborhood at a time to areas in which many people have signed up in advance.   google's newly announced android pay, however, might.   google vice president for data center operations joe kava has confirmed to the leaf-chronicle that the company is turning the old ,-acre hemlock semiconductor site in the city into a $ million data center.   go public asked how much the independent report will cost the province, but so far the ministry hasn't answered.   gorbachev was one of the architects of the peaceful dismantling of communist rule in eastern europe.   "gordon and i have had many exchanges.   görlitz, a small city near the polish and czech borders, had the worst possible reputation in east germany.   gosling's affection for the motor city is longstanding, the actor growing up "not too far away" in cornwall, ontario.   go through the motions of getting rid of them, but don't actually touch them – yet.   goto returned to syria hoping to negotiate his release but was himself captured and later executed.   go to the pause of the clock kickstarter page for more details on the film and rewards available to contributors.   governments near and far are keen to get their countries onto chinese itineraries.   gracie and pohlmann were hired in december by the petrobras board to ensure that the investigation remained independent.   graham and democratic sen. patrick j. leahy of vermont hosted john as part of their bipartisan effort to combat hiv infection.   " 'grail' is a bit like 'a hard day's night,' " idle observed in the pythons' autobiography.   grand rapids is about miles northwest of detroit.   grant campbell, hotel manager at sanderson, said: "we have spoken with ms. segayi at length and have addressed her concerns about the experience she had at sanderson for her celebratory dinner.   granted, my grandmother accompanied my aunt to the united states, but this was during an era in iran when a young woman going abroad to get an education was definitely not standard practice.   graswald's call was obtained by " hours": angelika graswald: he's gonna drown.   gratz thinks erdogan advocates a neo-ottoman version of turkish foreign policy, pursuing a return to conservative islam, which seemed to be a thing of the past in turkey.   graveside services were held sunday july , at franklin memorial gardens in royston, with donnie bolemon officiating.   gray plastic jigs, printed by a makerbot replicator, hold parts in place during assembly.   greater seattle ais -hour number -; www.seattle-al-anon.org rain city soccer club - ripple effect.   great to see trudeau has such a good sense of humour and can laugh at himself!   greece has committed to broad reforms, savings and tax hikes to secure its third bailout package from its european partners.   “greece was doing what it thought was necessary.   green bay's first -yard rushing game of the season belonged to starks, who finished with yards in carries, and not lacy, who touched the football just six times with two catches.   green party assembly member steven agnew said the activity was causing "major damage" to the lough ecosystem.   green seafood – the tasting menu at providence changes seasonally.   green zone will continue to make appearances at zeba bar on the second and fourth tuesdays of october and november.   greg, a crew manager at dartford fire station, added: "we were very lucky and able to react quickly but others might not be.   gregory said they have not found any evidence that suggests there are other victims.   grohl fell some feet (. meters) off stage friday in gothenburg, sweden, during the second song of the set, "monkey wrench."   grohl frequently campaigns for progressive causes and has spoken out against drug use.   gröning has denied ever personally committing any atrocities, although has talked of his "moral guilt."   group b wales is close to ending its wait for an appearance at a major tournament.   growing celebrity families photos poppy montgomery will soon be a mom of three.   growing frustration another mp who signed tuesday's letter said there was growing frustration among abadi's political partners - in and out of the state of law - who say he takes critical steps without consulting them.   growing in revenue every year for years is no easy feat, and it could not have been done without their dedication and hard work."   growing up as one of seven children, she learned to be thrifty with money.   growing up her family knew she was destined for greatness.   growing up, i always remember feeling "fat."   growth like that is "unprecedented" in the firm's four years of ranking programming languages, according to redmonk analyst stephen o'grady.   • guard richie incognito, , signed with buffalo, a team he started three games for in .   guess i will find out how the patriots did in the afc playoff tomorrow (the game would have started at : p.m. local time).   gulf states condemn yemen's houthi 'coup' .. arab foreign ministers have accused yemen's houthi militia of staging a "coup" against president mansour hadi.   gul mohammad shukran, chief of kandahar's anti-narcotics department, said the new seeds came with the drug traffickers, but he did not know exactly where from.   gurung was directed to tribhuban university teaching hospital, where many earthquake victims were receiving free or low-cost care.   guzman, whose nickname means "shorty," has pulled off an elaborate escape from a maximum-security prison before.   "h have placed head coach tayfun korkut on leave on monday morning," read the tweet from the club's verified account.   habre risks years in jail if found guilty by the court, set up to try the ex-leader for the crimes during his rule from -.   hachey's granddaughter was on her way from halifax where she underwent chemotherapy for a brain tumour.   hackett was immersed in a messy divorce amid allegations that he smashed up his melbourne apartment.   had it been july, this story would have likely ended much differently.   had we known that the economy was so weak that over three quarters, we had barely averaged percent, i wonder how the elections would have turned out," says markus schomer, managing director and chief economist at pinebridge investments.   hafeez and malik steadied pakistan to , before malik fell to a reckless shot off spinner moeen ali.   hainer, who was the architect of the reebok acquisition, said it would be wrong to sell the brand now it was growing again, especially given the booming popularity of fitness.   haiti has not had legislative or parliamentary elections for three years.   hale was called up from triple-a albuquerque as the rockies' th man for the day-night doubleheader.   half his men have deserted, and his wife is found hanging from a tree.   half of those killed were elderly or disabled men and women and children," amnesty said in a report.   halifax officers say they have received three complaints about this scam over the last several months.   hall, from petawawa, ont., was leaving the pembroke memorial centre and walking along lake street with two others on jan. when they were struck by a westbound vehicle.   hall of famer willie mays did it six straight years from to .   hallucigenia is one of the species emblematic of the cambrian period, a pivotal juncture in the history of life on earth when most major groups of animals first appeared and many unusual body designs came and went.   halys -- who reached the u.s. open boys' final last year and reached a high of no. in the juniors -- said he feared taking on nadal, but that it was a good fear.   hamdi and amine managed to convince fatma to return home to augsburg and they contacted the police in germany to notify them of their impending arrival so as to avoid problems at the border.   hammoud says the may implementation date also doesn't give retailers enough time to prepare for the change and many will be stuck with hundreds of thousands of dollars in inventory.   handing down the sentences at bristol crown court, judge julian lambert said the men had engaged in "some of the most depraved and grossly deviant behavior imaginable."   hanen claimed that obama's executive action could result in "bestowing multiple and otherwise unobtainable benefits" on those illegal immigrants who qualify for deferred action.   hani al-masri, an independent political analyst based in the west bank, worries that if the hamas-fatah tensions are not reined in, the results could be devastating, especially for the people of gaza, desperate to rebuild their lives after the war.   hann also added that having a big drive-thru in the area will alleviate some of the traffic congestion problems at other nearby tim hortons locations, such as the one on ropewalk lane.   hanoi, vietnam (ap) — an american-built helicopter once used in the vietnam war crashed wednesday during a training mission in the southeast asian nation, killing all four soldiers aboard, the military said.   hans dietmar schweisgut said questions remained about whether the event would promote reconciliation or further stir resentment, a reference to china's ongoing feud with japan over wartime history and competing claims to islands in the east china sea.   hansford county is very fortunate to have such a nice facility for all ages.   hans-georg maassen told public broadcaster mdr late thursday that these extremists are being closely watched by security agencies.   hanssen began spying for the soviet union in , three years after going to work for the fbi and prosecutors said he collected $. million for the information he turned over to the cold war enemy.   happening now: jxe streams: 'sid meier's starships' live ancient eye potion proves highly effective against mrsa superbug what do you get when you mix leeks, garlic, wine and bull gall, then ferment it in a copper pot for nine days?   happy th of july everyone.   hara has raised more than $, for his re-election bid so far this year, while wilson has raised $,.   hardman reflected on the “depressing experience” of being invited on panels simply to make up a quota, while williams similarly berated organisers for their “one woman is enough” attitude.   harnessing microbiomes could cure disease, reduce resistance to antibiotics, rejuvenate depleted farmland, moderate fertilizer and pesticide use, and convert sunlight into useful chemicals.   harnessing the power of tides in the uk --- chasing rare birds in west africa -- and could tesla’s home battery revolutionize energy storage?   haroun bouazzi, the group’s co-president, said closing it would be a bad idea because it would alienate worshippers and lead to crowding in other mosques.   harper and other conservatives have so far maintained the - budget will be balanced.   harper has to go and trudeau is still a young person, not ready to be prime minister,” said joycelyn, a french-canadian contractor living in the junction.   harroun had multiple piercings, and he shaved his hair on the sides, combing back the rest with gel.   has china's economic bubble burst? : john lee is a senior fellow at the hudson institute and an adjunct associate professor at the australian national university.   hatch was shot in the leg looking for berghdal, the american sergeant who was held by the taliban for more than five years after u.s. authorities say he deserted his unit in .   hats off again to the newspaper for the kind of leadership every town and community wishes it had.   haughwout took to his youtube account thursday refuting the allegations, saying the police officers assaulted him "until i vomited and passed out."   have covered some of the biggest stories in arizona including nine of the top largest wildfires in state history.   "have not seen - will see if we can get," mills responded.   have the good ones raise their hand, biometrically identify, pass an english exam in six years, pay a fine over three years and call it a day.   "have them lay it all out so voters can see it."   having a candidate speak strongly on an issue he or she believes in has a very good impact on the electorate: it’s trust, it’s honesty.   having a cat is like having an interesting roommate from another culture,” simon tells me.   having quick access to your co-workers, i found, can also create a dangerous impulsiveness.   having to lose weight all the time gives you a pissy edge.   hawa says a solution will come down to what she calls an accounting adjustment that should spare sainte-anne-de-bellevue from the bulk of the potential budget shortfall.   hayes currently is sidelined after breaking three lumbar vertebrae in late april.   hazelwood has had his own close encounter with animal liberators.   he added: "control officers did a brilliant job keeping residents calm and ensuring those who were trapped or couldn't move were in the safest place while firefighters reached them.   he added his plan had "tremendous support" from thousands of people who "just want to see something happen."   he added however that the strong current was making it difficult to operate the rov.   he added, “since the end of the cold war, we had seen signs that terrorist groups had started relying on drug trafficking for funding.   he added that it is possible that both forms of sugar are bad for male mice.   he added that over the last year it was evident that large expenditures had been made to upgrade security systems and other needed issues with reference to the physical facility.   he added that "we cannot close our eyes to supplies of tanks coming through the ukrainian-russian border in the donbas.”   head of the police traffic division senior superintendent calvin allen told the committee that pedal cyclists got killed on the roads last year, while motorcyclists lost their lives in motor-vehicle crashes.   he also called on all parties fighting in syria and its neighbors to support u.n. special envoy staffan de mistura's latest effort to revive negotiations and restore peace to the country.   he also disputes claims that of the north is uniformly negative.   he also does some drills, such as having coaches throw medicine balls at him as he snaps to replicate the feeling of snapping in a game and then having to block.   he also hailed golding's transition from commercial and legal practice in the private sector to the mammoth task of running the justice ministry.   he also has a debut to plug: his new shoes with melissa, the brazilian jelly-footwear line.   he also highlighted that countries in europe are also leading the way by using chip-enabled identity cards, where an individual's details are all stored on the chip.   he also knew where the boy was, he added.   he also knows his daughter is never far from a softball field, or his heart.   he also likes the idea that it makes wages more predictable and eliminates some of age, gender, and racial biases that sometimes manifest through tipping.   he also pleaded guilty to first degree unlawful posession of a firearm, second degree assault, and second degree burglary.   he also referred to "independent capabilities" that would allow the united states to have "good insight into the nuclear industrial enterprise in iran, if i can call it that."   he also refused to wear the symbol while at his former clubs wigan and sunderland.   he also said offering debit and credit payment options ensures taxis are offering a service worthy of a st century metropolis.   he also said that the terms of his current prescription are such that he has to smoke the marijuana, and he can't eat it.   he also said that while facebook (fb, tech) supports net neutrality, it has a moral obligation to expand internet access in poverty-stricken areas.   he also shared his overall thoughts on the extreme wave of violence in his hometown.   he also suffered a fractured pelvis.   he also thanked utv television staff for their "outstanding service" over the years and wished them every success in the future.   he also told reporters coalition aircraft destroyed huthi "military equipment and missiles" on myun island in the strategic bab al-mandab strait late thursday.   he also took to twitter to condemn killings on all sides. diliyorum.   he also vowed to work with women’s groups, indigenous peoples, communities and organizations to create a national action plan to end violence against women and girls, with dedicated funding and benchmarks for progress.   health canada noted the risk of severe corneal infection related to lens wear is . times higher for cosmetic lenses than it is for corrective contacts.   health canada scientists designed the vaccine, called vsv-ebol.   health officials say synthetic drugs are dangerous because—while mimicking the effects of lsd, ecstasy, and cocaine—their use can lead to violent behavior, seizures, and self-harm.   health p.e.i. officials say while there are still only two confirmed patients, several other patients and staff continue to experience an influenza-like illness.   health workers from sierra leone's red cross society burial team carry a corpse in freetown on … all those who were tested in the first three months after their illness showed positive results for ebola in the semen.   he and a small team had been attempting to reach the summit of annapurna, in the himalayas, when a . magnitude earthquake struck the country saturday.   he and his fellow afd representatives have aligned themselves with the eu-skeptic conservative group.   he and his wife, kassy, recently had a baby, sealy said.   he and other democrats urged the panel's chairman, rep. trey gowdy, r-s.   he appears to have changed his mind about that for now, but he might change it again.   he approached afp to ask what company was managing the housing of the asylum seekers, in the hopes of cutting a business deal himself.   he argues conservative weakness on environmental issues is losing support for right-leaning parties across canada.   he argues that police interviews could just have easily been conducted with suspects by appointment, as they subsequently were in later cases.   heart failure patients struggle with fluid retention because their heart beats too weakly to fight the force of gravity, allowing blood and water to build up in their lungs, feet, ankles and legs, according to the u.s. national institutes of health.   he asked god to bring consolation and strength to christians who are being persecuted around the world and called for peace in the democratic republic of congo, burundi, south sudan, and ukraine.   he asked me to come back to oregon as soon as possible to speak with him in person and alone.   “he asks a lot of questions.   heavy smoke hung over the central washington state region, creating a visibility and breathing hazard for firefighters.   he became the deputy speaker of the knesset and served on the foreign affairs and defense committee.   he became the first pga tour participant to earn $ million when he finished third and won more than $, at the deutsche bank championship.   he began the night shooting per cent in league games but shot for , and said a conversation with a psychologist helped him regain his confidence.   he brought the sound of new orleans to the national stage while working with many musical greats like the who, the rolling stones, and robert plant, and he produced the mega-hit lady marmalade in the s.   he called again for "bridges of peace" to prevail to end wars and help stem the tide of migrants.   he called for a comprehensive reform of the state’s tax structure.   he called iran "the most dangerous regime" and a central factor behind instability in the middle east.   he can be reached at bburnett@sonic.net www.berkeleyartsfestival.com/ www.berkeleycouncilwatch.com/ richard brenneman: eats, shoots 'n' leaves thomas lord: berkeleynativesun.com jane stillwater’s web log and get free email updates.   he can recite the names of revered d.c.-area skaters who have tried to ollie "canadian": david weitzel, jason choi, mark williams, bobby worrest, to list a few.   "he can't just press a button and it will be done.   he clearly has no self-discipline.   he continued firing even though -year-old laquan mcdonald dropped to the ground after the first shots.   he could be off the streets for a very long time.   he could shoot us all.   he could start tearing a few teams apart later on so it's nice to get him out of the way for now."   he'd also like the u.s. to butt out of china's affairs in asia.   he'd been fairly free to move about the prison because he worked as an inmate groundskeeper.   he declined to wade into the escalating fight between trump and jeb bush.   "he devoted his life to his adopted country," said bill heard, spokesman for the miramar national cemetery support foundation.   he'd have to be considered the front-runner.   he did atone for his error, scoring in the right net but it wasn't enough as the dutch fell short.   he did eight shows.   he didn’t come to the workshop.   he didn't make a birdie until the th hole, when he cut a -wood onto the green from yards and two-putted for birdie.   he didn't treat holmes before the attack; the defense asked him to interview holmes after.   "he did suffer a very tragic injury to his spinal cord, which resulted in his death."   he died in december , most likely from pneumonia.   he disputed what he said were the reasons given for his termination: using work email to send a social invitation to colleagues, assigning an "unauthorized project" to an intern and allegedly putting classified information on an unclassified system.   he doesn't get off scot free from this.   he doesn’t remember much of what happened next, except the ceiling collapsing around him.   “he doesn’t run like he used to.   "he does owe us a considerable amount of money," he said.   "he'd pull some stunt and make you laugh," chadwick added.   he’d spotted john flailing in the undertow, pulled him from the water, and dragged him to shore.   "he emphasizes again and again that he and the catholic church 'stand with the poor' - but that doesn't help the poor at all!"   he enjoyed collecting baseball cards, model cars, playing wii and watching chicago cubs baseball.   he enrolled in williston state college's petroleum program this fall to learn how to program, repair and automate natural gas equipment.   he enthusiastically sings along, "i came in like a rainbow..   he estimates upwards of $. billion of investment in track alone would be necessary to carry via's current diesel engines, which can go about mph ( kph).   he exited the game on a hot, humid night with what the team called dehydration.   he expects injury numbers will shrink as communities create networks of bike lanes and paths that minimize interactions between bikes and cars.   he explained sometimes surgery is needed to relieve pressure by cutting open the fascia to give inflamed muscles more room to heal.   he fears that state officials are tampering with that time-tested system.   he followed that one with an ace, too.   "he followed up this salvo on the first amendment with a strike at the th amendment, asserting that he’d like to deny those born in the country their citizenship.   he fought in the korean & vietnam wars, was a prisoner of war and a purple heart recipient; as well as receiving other honors.   he grabbed me, picked me up, body slammed me.   he graduated summa cum laude as he earned his bachelor of arts in zoology.   he had a heart attack in , was diagnosed with cancer in and announced the cancer had reoccurred in .   he had allowed just six runs all season before the yankees tagged him for four.   he had been diagnosed with a rare form of alzheimer's disease in . photos: people we lost in richard glatzer, director of the movie "still alice," died march after battling als for four years, his publicist said.   he had numerous health problems and has died just over two weeks after his th birthday.   "he had the leadoff batter on base the first four innings.   he had walked for two days to reach rumchet with tarps, medicine, blankets and rice when the second quake struck.   “he has a long way to go before he is completely healthy,” she said.   he has also compared the world's fascination with his wife kim kardashian to that of the first lady.   he has a passion for investigative political reporting and covering the local crime beat.   he has a small crew of three or four, a low-end digital camera and little money to make films about the lives of the dispossessed.   he has become a fixture at her events and fundraisers, and at the celebration at fillmore on thursday following her election as board president, brown was the emcee.   he has been charged with two counts of possessing stolen property and one count of breaching a recognizance.   he has been identified as justin fowler, , police told the station.   he has been talking about middle-class economics, about jobs.   he has nine this season, and a th would make him the first driver in f history with consecutive seasons of or more.   he has played in three postseason contests, with carries for yards and one touchdown and three receptions for yards.   he has scored a league leading goals and in all competitions.   he has won races during his career but is currently th in this year's standings.   he held off eric dier before playing the ball between the defender's legs and poked it past hugo lloris.   he himself is planning to build a guest house for tourists -- two stories, with rooms, and a swimming pool on the roof.   he honed his film and writing skills while attending the private college, hawaii pacific university.   he hoped the deal "would contribute to strengthen peace and stability in the region and to direct all efforts for the development of the countries in the area".   he hopes that person calls.   heidi thomas says this picture was taken when she visited cosby in st. louis.   he increasingly is struggling to keep his own caucus in line, especially among lawmakers who have ridden the tea party wave and are challenging the republican establishment in the senate.   he is years old.   he is a journalist's dream.   he is also a frequent contributor to newyorker.   he is also expected to preach a message of reconciliation during a visit to madhu, a town in the north that was the center of a -year civil war that ended with the defeat of ethnic tamil rebels in .   he is also fairly convinced that there is a plot against him led by the mayor.   he is an associate editor of new america media.   "he is a proud ambassador of winnipeg, and it's childhood memories.   he is a strong player, with a pause at the top of his swing and plenty of power through impact.   he is averaging . points and . rebounds a game this season.   "he is, by his own admission, a vocal opponent of the project.   he is currently eligible for arbitration and is slated to become a free agent in if a longer deal is not reached.   he is from buffalo, n.y., and attended john carroll university in ohio.   "he is increasingly discredited," fleischer said.   he is now an executive of comcast corp. and recently ended a term as chairman of the american association of people with disabilities.   he isn't sure if there has always been a problem with statistic canada's local numbers, but there's more scrutiny on the agency after last summer when it had a computer problem and had to retract and correct its job numbers for july.   he is representing 'the biggest club in the world' and playing well.   he is seeking at least $, in damages and is also asking for an injunction to stop what he calls discriminatory police practices in ferguson, ktvi and kplr said.   he is serving a -year sentence in prison.   he is so closely associated with the habit he is featured in an elegant portrait series documenting smokers' lives.   he is the author of more than a dozen books, including "the cheapskate rules: easy money-saving tech secrets."   he is the author of the new book "the fierce urgency of now: lyndon johnson, congress and the battle for the great society."   he is the son of a prominent member of the now-outlawed muslim brotherhood.   he is using it to send a message about what kind of a campaign he will run.   "he is who he is.   "he just didn’t think this through.   “he just goes on about his business and when it’s his opportunity, he does what basically is expected of him, and he makes the most of it.”   he knew how to stylize resistance to the imf into a battle over a nation's self-determination.   "he knows all the files, he knows the process and is deeply engrained and tuned to that.   he knows he doesn’t have to throw to be effective.   he lay in his sister’s lap, believing he was going to die.   held on june , the longest day of the year, teams around the world come together to raise money and awareness for alzheimer's care, support and research by participating in an activity that they love from sunrise to sunset.   helicopters are available. . sky views dubai's skyline seemingly changes by the week.   he likes to compare his team to a startup inside samsung.   "he'll fit right in," joked deb miller, , a real estate agent from urbandale with two kids at the school.   he’ll hold at least two more this year, for the leaders of japan, on april , and china, later in the year.   hell, i met my wife online about years ago.   he loved the note best of all."   helping in the effort was dr. bill hart, the former chair of the nova scotia advisory committee on aids.   helping other people and paying things forward helps you get ahead.   helping “paris” along are well-placed support performances by some always-welcome actors: alfred molina, zachary quinto, fritz weaver, dana ivey and judith light.   helping voters decide given that many voters are still unfamiliar with most candidates, levine contends that the debate provides them with a good opportunity to weed out the ones they like from the ones that they do not.   he made a brief appearance in new orleans during a march test then returned home to houston.   "he made sure of that, because my brother was responsible."   he may back off that one."   he might have been the happiest, most content person in the world at this point in his life."   hemingway: “yes, they have more money.”) the critic lionel trilling, for one, begged to differ, in his essay “manners, morals, and the novel.”   henderson opened with back-to-back birdies, added another at the par- seventh and had back-to-back birdies again to open the back nine and on and the par- th.   he noted that percent of his shark tank investments have been in female-led companies.   he noted that even though twitter prevented youth from following alcohol brands, there was unfettered access to viewing, interacting with, and sharing posted content on twitter.   he noted that everyone in the u.s., regardless of sexual orientation, is protected by a federal hate crimes law he signed in his first year as president, and that federal contractors are barred from terminating employees for being gay.   he noted that kyrgios' arm problem, for which he was treated and got taping and massage in the second set, "slowed down his serve which is one of his biggest weapons."   he noted the quality was poorer with some canes melting into a "gob of goo" if left in his sack.   he notes that like cycling, socializing, or attending secular functions, having an animal companion is not prohibited by religious laws.   heon, who is also the mayor of loon lake, invited the chief of makwa sahgaiehcan to see all the paperwork showing the reserve's history of unpaid bills.   he passed because of a cord accident as well," wrote kayce peters.   he peeped into the class through a crack in the wall and glimpsed calligraphy on the blackboard, something of course, that he could not understand.   he picks up extra hours when they're available, he said.   he plans to get a job as a car mechanic.   he pointed out that the garden is surrounded on three sides by earthen walls that allow for only one vantage point.   he pointed to his hiring of andy parfitt as an indication of change.   he praised patrick kennedy's work as an advocate for mental illness.   her -year-old niece marion marechal-le pen is predicted to be equally dominant in the southeastern provence-alpes-cote d'azur area.   he ran a school-record times for yards against auburn (-, -), the third-most in a game for a 'bama back and the most against the tigers.   her attachment to it was as sentimental as it was spiritual.   herbert tillman was a senior at rocky mount high school when he sat in on the speech, and remembers how it felt to be there.   her bill last year called for a three-year phase-in.   her body seems weighted down by dread.   her death was confirmed by her daugher, thelma holloway, nbc news reported.   herdman accepted blame for the second goal, a set piece that saw england's lucy bronze take advantage of fullback allysha chapman's lack of height.   here are 's best in health justice: . on guns, state legislatures sided with common sense: thanks to the advocacy of everyday americans, state legislatures passed important policies to stop gun violence this year.   here are eight things to know about kim davis, who was jailed for refusing to abide by this summer's historic ruling by the u.s. supreme court legalizing same-sex marriage.   here are five reasons why it is worth breaking out the crayons: . it builds fine motor skills. . it reduces stress.   here are four things to watch out for in : . how weak will growth be?   here are landmarks in embryonic research for tackling infertility and hereditary disease: - : the first human, louise brown, is born from in-vitro fertilisation (ivf).   here are my thoughts about the promise of perils of this algorithmic nirvana.   here are other couples who have stayed together after breakups -- at least for a time: photos: celebrity couples who have reconciled star couples who can't stay apart – pamela anderson and rick salomon didn't give up easily.   here are the narratives of the four americans detained or missing in iran.   "he reassured us, he looked for survival blankets and a first aid kit for two seriously injured people."   here a visitor looks for space to hang a piece of red ribbon bearing her wish on a column of ice.   he recalled a car accident that occurred may after green forest's high school graduation, leaving two graduates in critical condition.   here, in , workers on combines harvest soybeans in northern brazil.   he remembered that on the boat he was talking to a teenage haitian girl and thinking about his mother's boat trip from haiti to the bahamas as a young girl, a crossing he never thought he would emulate.   her enthusiasm for life, her family, church and community will be greatly missed!   here, photographer john thomas daniels captured the wright brothers' first flight in .   he replied that i was "extremely funny", but, without ever having seen my act before, she said that female comics "all just talk about woman stuff".   here, rodham talks about student protests in , which she supported in her commencement speech at wellesley college in wellesley, massachusetts.   here's a look at how consumers checked out samsung's latest devices and then decided to buy an iphone.   here's how it would work: the federal government would pay $ in matching funds for every dollar states spend on making tuition free at public colleges and universities.   here's some of their other work.) the real mystery was only where the band's songwriting skills had gone.   here’s what the note inside emily’s connection invitation said: “emily, you and i know several people in common.   here they play from the first to the th minute to win and score.   he retired in as a railway clerk after years of service.   her father, bernie melvin, told the l.a. times that his -year-old daughter moved to hollywood four years ago to pursue a career in the entertainment industry after studying film at uc santa cruz.   her father, bill, took one look at martin, knew he wouldn't make it and focused his efforts on saving jane.   her focus since becoming chief in january has been to instill more order, discipline and planning.   her grandma calls this photo "priceless."   her husband holds an mba in health-care management, while she has a college degree in radiography.   her incredible trajectory — being declared brain-dead to now getting ready to go to college — was first documented in the des moines register.   her job is to clearly articulate the business value to the product team so they understand the intent behind the new product or product release.   her likeness certainly looks good, but the extent to which she'll be used — and the script she'll be performing — is tbd.   her parents were in thunder bay when the attack happened and joined her shortly after.   her position is a win for unions, who vehemently opposed the tax, set to go into effect in .   her solution for a “garden swap” brings the neighborhood together.   her son, dr. herb reavis will officiate.   her south carolina license plate tag reads kfi-.   her team also won first place in the imagine cup pan arab semi finals in bahrain and competed at the world finals in seattle.   hertha's new signing ibisevic scored two goals last time out at home in berlin despite the season being just seven games old, hoffenheim against stuttgart is already shaping up to be a relegation battle.   her undergraduate years were spent at the latter institution as well, where she was focused on studying elementary education.   her website lists previous work experience at pizza hut and papa john's, as well as with true life choices, inc., a now-defunct fort wayne non-profit focused on promoting abstinence education.   her younger daughter currently studies biology at boston university on a scholarship.   he's accused of bringing a pound of cocaine from california to wapato.   he’s a fine lawyer.   he said affected workers would be offered severance benefits, and that the changes were “a critical step in our plan to eliminate excess capacity and reduce operational redundancies for the new combined company.”   he said e.on would maintain its geographical focus on europe and north america for now, but added the group was keeping a close eye on fast-growing renewable markets such as india as well as china, which he described as "difficult".   he said he became enraged and punched his babymother.   he said he felt so "insignificant" compared with the size and speed of the shark, but didn't hold any grudges against the apex predator because he knew "we are in their domain."   he said he had no knowledge of the nazis' crimes and that it was only after the war had finished that he first heard the name "auschwitz."   he said he isn't sure whether sanders meets the state's requirement to be on the presidential ballot.   he said he recognized underwater photos taken by allen's team of a large gun turret and a catapult system used to launch planes.   he said he was saved by his mobile phone, which he was holding to his ear when it was hit by debris from the blast.   he said he welcomed a call by the association representing the agriculture, commerce, industry and financial chambers to return public funds it said have been improperly used.   he said, “i only know two kinds of novels: dead novels and living novels.”   he said, "it is in our interest here in the bahamas to pursue an inclusive approach to the introduction of the new it systems.   he said: "it's your risk if you die."   he said liberating raqqa would be a major blow and "mark the beginning of the end of daesh in syria," and he called for greater international support for the kurdish-arab coalition.   he said: “mrs moore was out in the area of northdown road margate at . to .pm on march , .   he said one of the other teenagers was possibly hispanic with a light complexion.   he said police were investigating why the car braked suddenly, skidded across the road and slammed into trees by a storm drain in the middle of the road on sunday evening.   he said she then groped him in return.   he said that germany's soldiers deserved to be provided with " percent" of the equipment required to do the job they were being asked to do, as opposed to " percent."   he said the building was insured.   he said the department is in the early stages of looking at the issues, so it will be a couple of years before work will begin.   he said the international community had to listen to the "cry rising up from humanity and the earth itself."   he said the sport kept him busy seven days a week in his teens, and he wants to pass on that positive influence to kids in winnipeg's north end.   he said the subject would be discussed when, later in his tour, kerry meets foreign ministers from the five central asian states in the uzbek city of samarkand.   he said: “they can be coming down from the venue or going back to the university after a night in the city.   he said they were not sure whether cheng was targeted simply because he had left the police building.   he said while organizers have reduced spending, it shouldn't detract from the experience for visitors.   he's also keeping me busy with school, little league, and playing in chess tournaments around the valley.   "he's always inspiring and interesting," she said.   he’s an excellent secondary coach.   he’s an incredibly accomplished guy, my mother’s incredibly accomplished, she’s an olympian, so i’d like to believe genetically i’m predisposed to (be) better than average.”   "he's a scorer," hitchcock said of fabbri, a -year-old rookie.   he's attended more than shows, including garcia's last one.   he saw it as a rank above that of private, making it a sort of darkly humorous reminder that you've accomplished something, but "really not much of anything at all."   he's a younger guy and he is open to different groups.   he says "all of sport really has shown that it's a terrible, terrible tragedy.   he says his organization was not asked to participate in the statehouse ceremony, unlike in when the flag was moved from the capitol dome to a monument in front of the building.   he says 'i just want to be away from everything and discover'."   he says iran should immediately release u.s. prisoners saeed abedini of boise, idaho; amir hekmati of flint, michigan; and jason rezaian of marin county, california.   he says it wouldn't be fair to push ahead with these debates without the green party.   he says that attack also wounded two other civilians.   he says that he went to a convenience store today and the clerk recognized him.   he says the iranian government has denounced it.   he says there is also the possibility of a shower on thursday but friday, saturday and sunday should be sunny and dry.   he says the scale of destruction that someone with a flamethrower can inflict far exceeds the amount of damage to life and property that a gun can cause.   he says two bodies were found saturday inside a home on lakeside drive and later a third was found inside a home on montgomery road.   he says with river levels dropping, cold springs keep the river colder, as do longer and cooler nights and the changing angle of the sun casting more shadows.   “he’s been very successful against cleveland this year and his pitch count was down, so i let him come out for the seventh,” ausmus said.   he's done that twice.   he settled for saying his arm was good enough to do the job, and his numbers did bear that out, even if some of this throws floated off target and several were nearly intercepted.   he's expected to be joined by environmental groups, including new jersey sierra club, clean water action and environment new jersey, that may file a separate appeal.   "he's going to survive."   "he's got all the tools to go around a golf course like this and win," beem said.   he's in calgary staying with one of the many friends he's met along the way.   he singled out training encouraging police to increase time and distance between themselves and suspects.   he sits with jones again but christie's office says that christie paid for his own ticket and transportation this time.   he's just like me,' " said kelly.   "he's made great progress and there's no better proof than last sunday at pittsburgh.   he smelled the gunpowder as he crouched behind his drums and saw the gunmen "just relentlessly shooting into the audience."   "he's one of the best players in the world," said leafs centre peter holland, whose job for the second and third periods was to defend tavares.   he sought and underwent treatment and put the pieces of his life together.   he spent hours every day on the edgy social network, which was known as a pop music hub where artists such as lily allen and my chemical romance helped launch their careers.   he spent last season on seattle’s practice squad when the team began working with him seriously at center.   he split his final season between boston and st. louis before retiring at age . he was an eight-time all-star with a career record of -, saves and a . era.   he spoke of the victims of last week's rocket strike near a commuter bus in volnovakha that killed people, the worst single loss of civilian life since a september truce.   "he's resolved all those things, and it's a good step forward now.   he's shown in at the corpus christi studio where she made her last recording.   "he's taken a lot of positions that may be good for nevada, but an outsider may not see them as such."   he stars opposite emilia clarke, who plays john connor's mother, and jason clarke, who plays john connor.   he stepped in, played some great shots.   he stopped when he saw us laughing."   he struck out five and walked three.   he succeeded nasir al-wuhayshi, who was killed in a drone strike.   he succeeds mike redmond and was introduced at a news conference monday.   he suggests making capons or, if you're sick of poultry, he says his mom's short ribs recipe is "the best thing ever."   he's unable or unwilling to consult with counsel."   he supposes that it fueled his desire to go into his chosen specialty.   he's written books -- including "actors anonymous" -- he's sung, and he's taught at new york university, columbia and ucla.   he talked about missing the sea, and about how his son had just turned fourteen; he had been four when the ships were discovered.   he then added that he should have used ebola as a substitute for hiv in his tweet, before going on to make the same jibe using diabetes and genital warts instead.   he then signed with the montreal alouettes and was about to wrap up his sixth consecutive ,-yard season when he went down.   he threw of his pitches for strikes.   he told hager that the board may ultimately be called upon to rule on the matter.   he told the crowd that "peace is always possible.   he told to throw the ball over the plate, the defense has our back.”   “he told us what to do and what to plant,” harlan says.   he took his own life in february .   he turned down requests by the media to accompany him.   he urged voters to give him a chance to do that, but didn't promise any sweeping reforms.   he wants the player either suspended or banned from playing the sport.   he was . photos: people we lost in blues legend b.b. king, who helped bring blues from the margins to the mainstream, died may in las vegas, according to his daughter patty king.   he was . photos: people we lost in australian-born actor rod taylor, who starred in alfred hitchcock's thriller "the birds," died on january in los angeles.   he was . the writer, whose real name was ryozo kosaki, was known for his nonfiction novels based on crimes and trials of criminal cases.   he was . photos: people we lost in former nfl star and longtime sportscaster frank gifford died august at his connecticut home, his family said.   he was . photos: people we lost in edward brooke, the first african-american to be popularly elected to the u.s. senate, died january , according to family spokesman ralph neas and the massachusetts republican party.   he was . ed sabol, the nfl films founder who revolutionized sports broadcasting and re-imagined pro football from an up-and-coming league to must-watch theater, died on feb. , .   he was . spiegel sentenced rose, the sport’s all-time hits leader, to prison for five months in for tax evasion stemming from unreported income from gambling, baseball-memorabilia sales and autograph appearances.   he was active in the melba community as a volunteer fireman and emt.   he was a high school star at centennial collegiate and won a provincial title in .   he was alone when he purchased two backpacks at a target store the day before.   he was already being noticed by colleges when he scored points to lead his high school, christ the king, to the new york catholic league championship.   he was also given a new kidney and pancreas during the procedure.   he was an assistant at washington under romar (-).   he was arrested on an order issued through interpol in october.   he was being held in custody pending a bail hearing.   he was born to be funny.   "he was constantly talking to the younger players and he was a credit to himself and the county.   he was cut by new england in training camp in .   he was determined there was not going to be a repeat and he typified england's energy.   he was good enough that the chicago cubs offered him a minor league contract, but he decided to keep his job at eagle pitcher because it paid more.   he was immediately rearrested upon leaving jail in on charges of failing to register as a sex offender, the associated press reported.   he was immobilized on a backboard and taken off the field on a cart after a helmet-to-helmet hit by denver safety david bruton jr. inman was hit after making a -yard catch for a first down.   he was interviewed at a restaurant in dhaka, and said he had not stayed at his apartment for days.   he was just the guy you could count on.   he was later released in exchange for five guantanamo bay detainees in may .   he was majoring in business in iowa city, about miles from where tong studied, in ames.   he was met by baffert and family, a slew of media — and actress julia roberts.   he was most recently executive editor of news and blogs at zdnet.   he was near the top when he announced himself as a police officer.   he was never able to rule out the fourth -- langjahr -- until now.   "he was on the front line close to the soldiers and he threw firebombs," his mother diya said.   he was pulled after allowing a double to center fielder cameron maybin.   he was scheduled to be deported under escort on july . so was jahanzeb malik, another pakistani caught in toronto.   he was summarily fired and banned from the fire station's premises.   he was surrounded by his family.   “he was the real santa claus,” the child gushed of last week's red-suited stranger.   he will leave liverpool after next weekend's match at stoke — on the final weekend of the premier league season — to join the los angeles galaxy.   he will make his case today in poland - a country which considers his proposal "discriminatory", it says.   he worked for the georgia department of natural resource as part of the stream survey team.   he works three days a week for about $, a year.   “he would go crazy, yelling around the house,” the younger brother said.   he would love celebrating his fifth anniversary in heaven with a glow-in-the-dark night run!   he would prefer not to live in a mansion, he tells his mistress, “but there are expectations.”   he writes: "while the tories have installed a former lib dem as their candidate and seem just as obsessed with trendy left-wing notions as are labour, the lib dems and the greens, it is ukip that stands up for good, old-fashioned common sense."   he wrote a newsletter to clients a week before the takeover offer recommending renren shares as a way to invest in sofi, while also getting access to emerging businesses like motif and cheyipai, a chinese used car site.   hey great job (arts + zine) hey great job— created by the folks behind the tinder art show—presents a free pop-culture pop-up interactive art exhibition and zine launch party on wednesday at pm at la mother in hollywood.   hezbollah, which is backed by iran and fought a -day war with israel in , said six of its members died in the strike.   hide caption of washington (cnn)dan pfeiffer, one of president barack obama's chief strategists and closest advisers, will depart the white house in early march, officials said wednesday.   hide caption of celebs go big with marriage proposals – tori spelling and dean mcdermott got engaged in at a christmas tree farm on christmas eve in his native canada.   hide caption of photos: worst mass shootings in u.s. howard unruh, a world war ii veteran, shot and killed of his neighbors on september , , in camden, new jersey.   hide caption of graham, struggling in the polls despite being the most hawkish gop candidate, responded to the attack in california by suggesting that trump's anti-muslim rhetoric was playing into the hands of isis.   hide caption of these famous people have radically changed their appearance through weight loss or other means.   hide caption of december : ronaldo (l) and compatriot and teammate pepe (r) salute their supporters after winning the fifa club world cup final match against san lorenzo in morocco to cap off a hugely successful .   hide caption of people gather before the rally.   hide caption of photos: what is the iran deal, and can it pass through congress?   high except along the coast.   higher premiums "would be a factor that causes a move away from these plans, and the whole point of the pbgc is to strengthen the employer pension system, so it's kind of ironic."   high of c. tonight: cloudy, with a per cent chance of rain showers or flurries in the early evening.   high-ranking officials have been arrested or removed, and opponents of the president were preparing for a demonstration before the state of emergency was declared.   high school principal derek barrios told the board he and the receptionists have been looking at the room to see what type of layout would work best.   high sugar consumption has been linked to tooth decay, obesity, cardiovascular disease and diabetes.   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos hillary and bill clinton pose on the day of their daughter's wedding to marc mezvinsky on july , , in rhinebeck, new york.   hillary clinton's career in the spotlight photos andrew cuomo, eliot spitzer and clinton celebrate with a crowd of democratic supporters after their wins in various races november , , in new york.   hill went on to play three more games for mount st. joseph, despite doctors thinking she might not survive past christmas.   hilton has said the videos don't back up the police account, and has referred to the police's version of events as "lies."   hinkley point would feature the european pressurised reactor (epr), a third-generation reactor design claimed to be the most advanced and safest in the world.   hipkins cited the professional backgrounds of his employees, saying, "we have a clear understanding of how the adversary operates, their tactics, techniques, and procedures and capabilities required to eradicate them from the network."   his administration has said it does not intend to return the naval base, though it is working hard to close the controversial prison there.   his appearance sunday at a free community event in san jose, california, will pack the sap center, an arena with , seats.   his battle scenes were filmed in calgary and inserted later.   his brother said he had not had contact with him for several years following family disputes, but said he was surprised to hear he had been radicalised.   his campaign is publishing a preview of the speech on medium tuesday that hits president barack obama and democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton -- both of whom oppose the pipeline -- for holding up the project.   his children loved him and he loved his children," he said.   his clients are the global rich, who want to be in central london -- even if they don't live there all the time.   his contract subsequently was not renewed, an unusual event.   his cowboy image has been bolstered even more by his ongoing efforts with this organization.   his criminal trial on fraud charges arising from disputed senate living expenses is scheduled for early .   his dad and my mum had the same mother.   his death was ruled a homicide.   his doberman pinscher also was shot but is expected to survive.   his employees have a bond that goes beyond a typical eight-hour workday.   his execution was the st carried out under governor rick scott, the same amount that occurred under former governor jeb bush.   his family in damascus sent him on his way.   his films superficially resemble many lesser american independent dramas and run-of-the-mill european dramas, or, rather, vice versa—these films resemble his, as a result of his direct or osmotic influence.   his first shot of was a -yard drive down the middle of the par- th fairway and he birdied the hole for the perfect start to his attempt to win this tournament for the first time, after three runner-up finishes since .   "his flight took off around gmt and he should arrive tomorrow morning," icc spokesman fadi el abdallah told afp.   his greatest joys in life were spending time with his loving wife and family, and tending to his cherished canine companions.   his gun was not even in a bag.   his kurdistan democratic party (kdp) rejects the proposed reforms.   his last hopes for a title achingly disappeared in abu dhabi when his car failed him in the last race.   his latest, "unfinished business," took in less than $ million worldwide on a budget of about $ million.   his lawyer argued there's insufficient evidence.   his lawyer told the appeal commission, which comprises of six councillors, that he should get his licence back while the case proceeds.   his lawyer tried to get the statements suppressed.   his message to that person: "thank you.   his mother, rosa, accepted the medal during a ceremony monday at camp pendleton.   his mother said he was just somebody who loved life and appreciated it and was passionate about the game of hockey.   his new company seeks to tap into the ideals behind mozilla's founding.   his notoriety hinged on scandal, parties and friendships with the most famous rock stars of the era, as well as an undeniable talent for spotting art's next big thing.   his older brother basel had died suddenly in a car crash.   his pickup flipped several times.   his probation conditions include placement at a halfway house upon release, the statement said, and a ban from national forest and bureau of land management lands.   his removal has been rumored to be the work of russian presidential aide vladislav surkov, often considered the main “curator” of the rebel territories.   his response: "this means many who process digital evidence do not understand the software and how evidence is recovered.   his root-beer float foamed and collapsed into itself.   his second term ends next year.   his sentence was nine months probation.   his soapbox speech, which had to be moved indoors because of rain, contained little of the red meat typically doled out when republican presidential candidates address iowa crowds.   his son isaac attends prince of wales collegiate in st. john's, he said the experience has been the same for him, and people like his pink locks.   his struggles with living in two cultures informed his first novel, the award-winning the jade peony, as well as its sequel, all that matters.   his successor, hailemariam desalegn, seems certain to stay in office.   historians, political nerds, tourists and the general public have long shown a strong interest in presidential libraries and their contents.   historically impossible; he died in .   history of marijuana in america photos medicinal marijuana patient angel raich wipes her eyes during a press conference on march , , in oakland, california.   his victory could herald a shift to the right in polish politics, and set up a comeback for his law and justice party in general elections in the fall.   his voice rose as he said "good bye," and then he let out a howl that was cut short within seconds as he took three deep breaths, then a couple shallow ones.   his wife is so heartbroken she's unable to speak.   his wife, jessica, and three sons tim, joshua and jacob drew on a lot of support thursday and were said to be doing as well as could be expected.   hits like kiss with a fist and shake it up will sound perfect as the sun sets in somerset, and their promotion up the bill would help settle a gender imbalance.   hoboken celebrates frank sinatra's th birthday by shawn marsh minutes ago trenton, n.j. (ap) — frank sinatra was the chairman of the board, ol' blue eyes and the voice.   hockey quebec says since the ban only applies to the lowest levels of bantam and midget, it will protect about , players from excessive contact.   holder, who led the department of justice for six years, stayed in the position until his replacement, loretta lynch, was confirmed.   holding recess before lunch is a no-cost way to get students to eat more nutritiously and should be done at all schools, just and colleagues said in a cornell news release.   holding the euro area together was the main motive for two eu/imf bailouts worth billion euros granted in and in return for harsh spending cuts, tax increases, privatizations and structural reforms that were only partially implemented.   "holding up , acres of land for ransom certainly isn't a way to get any kind of consensus from your neighbours," he said.   hollingshead broke down the left wing, took a pass from mauro diaz and shot into the right corner of the net in the th minute.   hollywood reboots, past and present photos get ready for another round of rocking church music, as disney plans to reboot the hit "sister act."   hollywood reboots, past and present photos the action/conspiracy-obsessed series "prison break" is the latest series getting a revival at fox, reuniting wentworth miller, left, and dominic purcell.   home maidstone news article boxing match brawlers noah rye senior and junior, of church field, snodland, admit charges by kent messenger reporter a father and son are facing sentence after admitting involvement in a crowd brawl at a charity boxing match.   home selling : pricing to sell money talks news warning: you may never eat turkey again after watching this fast-food flashback: classic mascots martha stewart nears deal to sell empire the wall street journal.   home what's on news article kent: jimmy osmond and brothers jay and merrill star in the andy williams christmas spectacular jimmy osmond is speaking to me from his home in utah.   honda has been the automaker hardest hit by the recalls.   honestly, how ridiculous is your comment i swear!   “honestly, maxwell is like a technician,” mcdaniel said.   "honestly we don’t pay attention to these things any more.   hong kong headquarters building (c) of the standard chartered bank (afp photo/anthony wallace) revenue was down . percent to $. billion and impairment losses increased from $ million to $. billion for the quarter.   hong kong protests against parallel traders photos parallel trading has been a key source of tension between local hong kongers and mainland chinese people for years.   hong kong’s hang seng fell .% to , while japan’s nikkei saw a .% tick higher to .   hoovers estimates savers' annual revenues at $. billion.   ”hope i look like this when im months pregnant,” wrote another on a post that has garnered more than , comments.   hopes for a brighter future in doubt long-term residents of labrador west who purchased their homes many years ago can still walk away with a profit, but it's not the exit strategy that many had planned for, said elliott.   hoping to reach the atlantic ocean by fall of , jackson will spend the bitter winter months trekking through saskatchewan.   horachek's experience as head coach for the panthers last season made him the sensible choice.   horan likens it to squeezing a water balloon: if you push fraud out of the system in one place, it will simply shift somewhere else.   horford scored eight points in the first :.   hospitals are meant to see % of patients in four hours.   host jonathon buckley hops behind the wheel of the defiant ev on this episode of translogic.   hot dogs have been ravaged.   hotels near wembley stadium march , : pm this is such a deep blog!   hotspot eu governments agreed on thursday to step up deportations of migrants who do not qualify for asylum as the german state of bavaria threatened to break ranks with berlin and send back to austria migrants who cross its alpine frontier.   hot wind blows in and out of every open window, and the noise from the rear engine is loud.   hours after the violent attack, dr. sezai berber and his colleagues at the psychiatric association of turkey rushed to the morgue in ankara.   houseman would say only that ryan was being treated for a long-term medical condition.   house minority leader nancy pelosi toed a careful line with a painfully bland, "we hope to have bipartisan support for something that would limit the power of the president but nonetheless protect the american people."   house republicans wanted to know what scott walker tells voters about a would-be president who lacks a college degree.   house speaker john boehner said on sunday that they would move quickly to establish the sanctions.   house values and income levels in lexington, a growing town with a busy main street lined with brick buildings miles ( km) west of the state capitol of columbia, top the state median, too.   • housing fees charged at the higher ownership, rather than rental, rate, if a developer requests that a condo overlay map while requesting rental units (signaling they will probably be converted later).   houston astros lefty dal … the cubs won a major postseason award for the third straight day.   houston, who served in the armed forces for more than years and became chief of the defence force in before retiring in , said he was surprised by the honour.   houston wide receiver deandre hopkins caught nine passes for yards, but that damage was mostly done at garbage time.   how a bernie sanders event differs from a hillary clinton one sanders: 'recapture' government from big money interest what's at stake for bernie?   how alasdair gray reimagined glasgow the author alasdair gray’s presence in glasgow is persistent and mercurial: you never quite know where he’ll crop up next.   how can dentists justify such charges when a local gp who bulk bills gets $ from medicare for a patient visit?   "how could you not look at those silly people?"   how disgusting that they showed janice having a fit.   "how does one write the obituary of a -year-old?" wrote wanita anderson at the start of her post, before recounting his love of animals, his desire to travel, as well as his dedication to music.   how do they integrate it into different parts of their lives?   how do you picture aging?   however, all the levels are accpetable under federal regulations.   however, a professor of hydrocarbons at the university of southern california said that the plume in the video could be methane gas, but also other elements or fog.   however, a royal navy ship has been helping rescue efforts for the past fortnight and on wednesday rescued people from four inflatable boats, according to the defence ministry.   however, a source with knowledge of tory’s thinking said he believed the mayor was planning to say no.   however, at a.m. saturday morning a -year-old man appeared in the emergency room of san francisco general hospital with a gunshot wound to his foot.   however, because no such work has been done, the city has not given any money to cchs for the project.   however, cramer says taxes are never a good reason to hang on to a position.   however, european union political machinations often have stalled the process as member states object to measures that would hurt their economies.   however, everything is now in place and carol and i will be wed on monday th august.”   however, farrell has not received enough foul play yellow cards or citing commissioner warnings to initiate disciplinary proceedings.   however, he declined to commit to a vote this year.   however, he noted that since july , the facility has been closed every monday to facilitate cleaning on the advice of the ministry of health.   however, he says once the hot dogs have been steamed, the artificial casings are removed and tossed before the product is packaged and sent to grocery stores.   however, holway warns that this growth makes them increasingly attractive to overseas buyers.   however, how hung is to be punished remains unclear.   however, in an interview with the leading german news magazine "der spiegel", the president of the german bundestag lammert said there should be accountability to parliament.   however, it has more than , members in the middle of collective bargaining and is hopeful that government will return to the table with a new mandate.   however, it is my duty to make sure that amazon's arrangements with publishers are not harmful to consumers, by preventing other ebook distributors from innovating and competing effectively with amazon.   however, it is not clear what laws could have been used to prevent emwazi from leaving britain at the time, since he had not been charged with any terrorist-related offences.   however, i would look carefully at the possibility of establishing safe havens on the eastern syria border to alleviate the horrible suffering endured by tens of thousands of syrians and others.   however, kithuruwan vithanage, in his eighth test, took the approach that attack was the best method of survival.   however, little progress has been reported so far.   however, minusca has yet to show that it is prepared to use the threat of force to push disarmament.   "however, months before an agreement is even signed by the president, and many months before it is ever voted on, the entire agreement -- including this chapter -- will be public.”   however, most child deaths are easily preventable by proven and readily available interventions.   however, not everyone is keen, with critics calling the proposed building an eyesore on protected lakefront property.   however, no video or audio from such devices has been released publicly.   however, pardew was seemingly always under pressure (not necessarily from ashley), never more so than in the last few months and when he left for crystal palace last week it was as though he'd just grown sick of the circus.   however, some afghan officials have opposed pakistan hosting the talks, accusing their nuclear-armed neighbor of harbouring taliban leaders and sponsoring the insurgency for its own regional strategy.   however, some worry that the language is too vague.   however, thanks to his stint as a judge in a tv talent show a year ago, he found that he has won a fanbase among housewives and was greeted with a hearty welcome in the market, lim said.   however, the air may actually turn more humid near the east coast due to a light east to southeasterly flow.   however, the demand for new products is strong.   however, the er is often closed because of a nursing shortage and when that happens, chaloner is sent home without pay.   however the european union sees little chance of any final pact to resolve the debt standoff with the new government, a european commission spokeswoman said.   however, the groups said that their event was not aimed at choosing a “city butterfly,” but was rather intended to promote environmental conservation and awareness across the city.   however, the issues has remained one of the most divisive in australian politics over the past two decades.   however, the money never went where it was supposed to.   however, the most recent wikileaks data hails from .   however, there have been recent speculations in the market that emc's relationship with vmware might be on the rocks.   however there is still much work to be done here and around the world.   however, the second firm, orbital sciences corp, was sidelined in october last year after its antares rocket exploded minutes after liftoff.   however, the startling image may not be the game changer some had predicted.   however, they need the services.   however, this green comet with a blue tail made its closest path to the earth last week and capital weather gang notes that there will be another chance to see it tonight when the cloud cover breaks in the o'clock hour.   “however, this year's survey results reveal that the online shop has also become a showroom where shoppers research and compare prices for later, in-store purchases."   however, to those with roots in india, australia or other cricket-loving lands, spotting them on the street is like a serendipitous encounter with michael jordan, pope francis or taylor swift.   however, two cumhuriyet columnists used small, black-and-white images of the new charlie hebdo cover as their column headers.   "however, we know very little about their very origins," added apesteguía, who speculated the first snakes may have appeared about million years ago.   however, whether as a soloist or a lead dancer, yang reportedly stood out from her colleagues and by the early s, she had decided to try for a solo career.   however, without the teachers in the classrooms, it would simply not be possible to have school."   how far has laser-eye surgery come?   how has -year-old oskar gröning behaved until now?   how has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?   how hyperloop will work musk laid out his plans for the hyperloop in a paper published on the spacex website.   "how often do the guards get a refresher course and what kind of oversight is there," heinonen asked.   how safe is the artificial turf on your child's sports field?   how the humble brick became fashionable again by justin parkinson bbc news magazine the traditional building block of british homes fell out of favour - but now bricks are making a comeback.   "how to improve police-community relations," hosted by the amadou diallo foundation, was transformative.   how will you work to bring more voices into discussions about district needs?   how would hollywood mess this up?   how would they handle any witnesses who spotted them coming and going?   how would you describe the chris gethard show to a complete newcomer?   hpo also takes issue with the proposed removal of brick walls upstairs, intended to create a more open feel.   hsu is known for producing ang lee’s (李安) trilogy films, including the wedding banquet (囍宴, ) and crouching tiger, hidden dragon (臥虎藏龍, ).   htt is hiring some full-time managers as the construction phase nears.   huang has lived there for years, staying even after his neighbors abandoned their homes and only houses remained.   hudson has a policy against the use of pesticides, so it needed to find another way to kill ragweed after residents started complaining about allergies, schroeder said.   huffman added to the list of prohibited content on reddit, but then announced a "containment" strategy for other content that "violates a common sense of decency," including hate speech.   huge response to boy's cry over glasses added on gmt ( hkt) september , one mom posts video of her adorable kid talking about serena williams and it goes viral.   hughes' main purpose "was not so much to alert congress to something they already know, but to make a statement, so that america would take notice," shanahan said.   hull seeks new mayor and council member hull seeks new mayor and council member monday, july . the city of hull is on the lookout for a new mayor and a new council member.   human rights watch has called muslim-majority malaysia one of the world's worst countries for transgender people as they face constant harassment, sexual abuse and arrest by islamic authorities.   humans can build immunity to some strains of cholera.   humans contribute to desertification by cutting down trees for firewood, since they have no electricity for cooking.   hungarian authorities say the men were among the thousands of refugees traveling up through the balkans in search of a new life in europe, but that the two refused to register their asylum claims.   hungary is racing to finish a controversial anti-migrant fence on its frontier by tuesday, when it will start arresting illegal migrants.   hunt for affordable shelter 'at this point, i'm like, this is too weird for me' - jacob butula, vancouver renter as for butula, all he wanted was to rent a room in a house.   hurricane centre spokesman dennis feltgen said patricia also poses problems for texas.   hurricane joaquin is battering the bahamas and moving northward.   husband's revenge man battles crocodile that ate his pregnant wife a pioneering underwater photographer and other sad losses mockingbird and..   hutchins' story matches rogers' account -- which is backed up by the video -- that jason harrison was told repeatedly to drop the screwdriver.   "i actually predict that mr trump will be focused on policy and respectful," grinned republican senator rob portman, who played the role of president barack obama in romney's debate prep. fox news released the debate line-up tuesday.   i already knew it would be like that," he said.   "i also gave myself the opportunity to beat her.   "i also want to mention the winds on tuesday evening because blowing snow will become an issue late tuesday and overnight into wednesday morning, then again wednesday afternoon and evening," he said.   i always hoped for it, but it's been so many years that it didn't seem like a reality any more."   i am percent sure there will be no thought given to deporting the rest of this useless family.   i am also the founder and editor-in-chief of the blog pop!   i am confident on the soccer field and happy to be here."   “i am confident we will find common ground to address equity issues to close the achievement gap,” nyland wrote.   "i am flattered but do not get up early enough in the morning to accept this opportunity," wrote a self-effacing icahn.   "i am from the cuban communist party, that doesn't allow (religious) believers, but now we are allowing it, it's an important step," castro said.   i am happy to say that today, at the age of , maya is cancer free.   i am his creator and destroyer," according to the statement.   i am positive for the brca genetic mutation, inherited via my father who carried the mutation in his genes.   “i am so grateful for everything members of our armed forces and their families do each and every day to protect our country.   i am still amazed at how easily we are fooled by some mechanics just because they look at us and carry out some actions that we can relate to.   "i am strictly against separating energy and automation because you cannot separate them," voser was quoted as saying.   "i am very saddened indeed by this news."   “i am worried that we might one day get dragged into someone else’s war” if the japanese self-defense forces were given the latitude that abe seeks, he says.   i applaud levi for doing a little bit to help raise awareness.   "i believe i am still here today because of this amazing man.   i believe that educating the consumer is key.   "i believe that we are on the verge of creating a new archetype," said the actress, who was recognized for her association with l.a. kitchen.   "i believe this to be fair and just based on the selected remarks by the mayor to a very large audience of seniors and other invited guests that evening," littlejohn wrote.   ibrahim abdelqader's attackers stabbed him dozens of times and left his partially decapitated corpse hanging from a doorframe.   "i call this internal mechanism my built-in hit detector."   "i can confirm that we started this investigation before the attacks in paris," van der sijpt said.   i cannot describe how that feels because it so nearly ended in tragedy.”   icann releases the suffixes to wholesalers known as registries.   icann sees the idea of thousands of dollars are potentially outrageous, given that the normal cost to register a domain is very much less.   "i can't afford a lawyer to fight their lawyer and then i have to pay their lawyer's fee?" says gagnon, who owns the land.   "i can't even imagine what he's going through."   i can't imagine how it must feel to wonder which part of your body might fail on you next, to know that you might not live to the weekend and will never feel the sun on your skin again.   i can't solve that problem, but i can tell you i'm truly sorry.   "i certainly didn't have any indication of the support from mr. leef, but i certainly appreciated his support," said ashton, who added that she thanked leef following the motion.   i certainly felt we continued where we left off.”   i chatted with savas about working opposite katherine heigl, his time on "the sopranos," and his favorite apps.   i checked my credit, and the ,krw was still there.   “i compare him with pele.   i could have handled it better," sabathia said a few days later.   i could never imagine to win a climb like this," said dumoulin.   "i couldn't give anyone my phone number.   "i dearly hoped labour would win the election and it was a decision i would not have to implement.   "i definitely see it as a way to represent, another way to show your pride," said lana roth, banana ink owner.   i did not want this complaint to appear politically motivated, i did not a want to create a divide among members, i did not want to burden members with hearsay and rumors.   "i didn't expect nibali to have lost so much time by now," froome told the official tour de france website.   "i didn't have a good experience with the soil growing up.   "i didn't like our overall game.   i didn't really know what they were talking about.   "i did that myself many years ago," admits blair.   “i’d like him to have a chance to redeem his cardiff performance and then maybe at the end of the series — or when he doesn’t redeem himself — then we can move to nevill.”   i'd never read her before, but i had -- assumingly -- put her in the same category i put elin hilderbrand and debbie macomber, a category formerly recognized by authors like lavyrle spencer and barbara delinsky.   i do have a habit of seeing metaphor in everything but i detected in these delicious drinks a new smell in the air.   "i don't believe there is a trade-off between privacy and security; i think they go together," he said.   i don't blame them directly for the emissions associated with their trade.   i don't have a car,'" generosa said.   i don't just mean you and your ex-girlfriend.   "i don't know how i will leave that area without her," yasmine says.   "i don't know if it was actually because of the vaccine or if it was just because of the weather.   i don’t know if you have, but i’ve spent well over one to two months in a hotel.   i don't know that it has ever been laid to rest."   "i don't know that it's going to be the honeymoon suite.   "i don't know the details about whether he was in the crosswalk, not in the crosswalk, whether he was against the light or not," jones said at the scene.   i don't know what it is with their love stories, but they just don't do it for me.   "i don't know why that is funny.   "i don't like to say it around her, but we always worry that if she gets too low in the middle of the night if she's going to wake up," osborn said.   i don't mind having an empty mind.   “i don’t see us getting back to target for a few years.   i don’t take decisions and i don’t want to.”   "i don't think i felt happy.   i don't think it is necessary to get people to say "i am this gender" or to speak publicly about their private lives.   i don’t think of him as like a real young guy.   i don't think so," stinson said.   "i don't think they've underestimated canada, i think they overestimated the reception they would get," he said.   i don't think, though, that any one sector or any one player's position can be, "well there are others that also contribute to this problem so why us?"   "i don't think what he said was an insult to this young lady at all."   i don't want to be labeled a south african comedian."   i do this for a passion."   "i'd rather not buy a phone," said paik hyunsuk, . "it's violation of students' privacy and oppressing freedom."   i enjoyed the fact that no technology was appearing.   i especially appreciated the clearly labeled buttons on the side of the speaker itself, which could come in handy should the remote go missing.   "i executed a perfect landing, and was more than happy to be on the ground," he says.   if a bakery that the collective enjoys can't commit to testing its products, the guild will offer to send the products to the lab and foot the bill.   if a candidate really wants that corndog, they should wait until they are in the car.   if an applicant doesn't receive an invitation after months, he or she has to apply again.   if a person can have moments of happiness peak through the storm of illness, it makes everything easier.   if approved, federal workers with "seriously delinquent tax debts" could be fired, or prohibited from being hired.   if charged, the onus would be on brookman to prove he had a legitimate reason to be in the terrorist hotspot.   if confirmed, such results would give way to coalition-building talks that could go over many weeks as no easy pact appears in reach.   "if consumption plummets, you won't be getting any vat entries," he said.   if decision-making in restaurants has never been your strong point, then paris could be your dream destination.   "i feel comfortable with the decisions that were made and the direction we're going.   "i feel compelled to love my brothers and sister and to empathize with them when they say 'this is what this means.   “i feel i’m really like a labrador—‘i mean no harm.   "i feel like my hands are tied right now waiting for landlord and engineer” she said, “i can't even come out here with a broom!   "i feel like the best princess in the world," said paige, who celebrated her seventh birthday at sweet and sassy, a national chain of spas that boasts that its cosmetologists are specially trained to work with children.   i feel really hurt because, going through the wedding planning process myself, i know this wasn’t a case of simply forgetting, but rather a purposeful decision to exclude me.   "i feel sorry for everybody in germany.   "i feel the need to protect because i've seen a lot of bad things happen in the world," she told cnnmoney.   “i felt like my needs weren’t being met as a modern person,” she says.   i felt pretty good from the get go, just gave up that one home run in the first inning," said lackey.   if found earlier, i could've been saved from the surgery.   if found on other comets, the pits could offer insight into the makeup of those objects' cores, as well as serving as a sign of age or exposure to the sun: the longer a comet was exposed to sunlight, the more worn away the pits would be.   if hiking is your thing, this is the perfect place to cool off after an active day.   if history is any indication, the terror in paris won’t be a catalyst for pushing europe over the edge.   “i first went into quilling when i saw an article in workbasket magazine in .   if it does ever pass, and scientists can begin studying the drug in earnest, there are several areas they may target in addition to ptsd.   if it means not watching the news, or if it means getting extra therapy, these are good adjustments that will help us take care of ourselves in a wartime society, one in which peace already seems like a dream from which we were rudely wakened.   if it ventures beyond the prototype stage, you could see more wind farms in remote locations that both produce more power and keep giant, noisy towers away from your neighborhood.   if it was monthly for a year.   if lackey's bill is passed by the legislature and signed by democratic governor jerry brown, it will go before voters in november .   i fly in to oakland county resolve issues and u guys got jokes?   "if not done by may , there will be consequences," young said.   if not, why are there still airplanes in the air right now?   i found a very small thing in an archive, but i can relate it to a big thing.   if owls aren't enough to satisfy your longing to commune with birds of prey, there's also a falconers cafe in mitaka, the same area of tokyo as the ghibli museum.   "if people want to do wrong, they will also try to hide it," he said.   if rumors around the halls of tokyo big sight are to be believed, its slick aesthetic is going to be transferred to the next generation of the leaf, due in .   if sanctions are lifted under a nuclear agreement, iran is expected to increase its oil exports.   “if she has any violation of her probation, she could spend up to a maximum of years in prison,” said white, who said the probation was issued due to queen’s lack of a criminal history and her restitution payments.   if so, it would be a blow to shell, which has tried to burnish its image with environmentalists in recent years by being a leader among oil and gas companies in recognizing the climate risks of carbon emissions.   if the almost--minute demo i played at electronic arts' booth is any indication, it's the kind of evolution a game like this should have.   if the current situation holds, molton and charleston white will be wsu’s starting cornerbacks, with pippins and kirkland parker behind them.   if the data is not protected, not only does the breach happen, but then data can leak out," emm added.   if the delhi high court upholds trai's ruling, the operators can knock on the doors of the supreme court of india, and, if they do so, payment of compensation to the aggrieved consumers will be delayed for some time.   if the device is placed in proximity of a car or garage, it can keep stealing and retransmitting codes, ensuring it always has a fresh, working one.   if their airways are clogged, that could present problems.   "if their niche is being an accountant or an academic in the lab, that is wonderful."   if their space hardware went into serial production, costs might be brought down and space travel would be more accessible to more people.   if the nld wins a majority, it will seek the presidency.   if the object size becomes large enough, then the printer switches from continuous extrusion to a sequential system that deposits the resin in layers, like a conventional d printer.   if the officer is fired, so be it.   if the policy is extended beyond days, some residents say they will simply buy a second car.   "if the purpose of the religious employer exemption is, as hhs states, to respect the anti-abortifacient tenets of an employment relationship, then it makes no rational sense — indeed, no sense whatsoever — to deny march (for) life that same respect."   if there is no settlement, berman will decide whether brady's suspension remains in place at the start of the season.   if there is one reason to go with flir over the likes of dropcam and simplicam though, it’s the free cloud recording with alerts.   "if there were any remaining questions about whether women could serve as combat leaders, those questions have been answered," she said.   if the same model is applied to the situation of the prc and the roc, the answer becomes obvious.   "if these jobs aren't in small, decentralized communities, income support will definitely go up, social issues might go up.   if these were my friends, this is the point at which i would excuse myself to go to the bathroom, where i'd spend a few minutes examining my teeth, hopeful that by the time i return, they'd have moved on to discussing something else less stupefying.   if the trip goes well, the experiment will then go to the international space station for more testing.   "if this is all there is, it will be something that is talked about him when he is elected to the hall of fame."   if thornton has his way, the watermarks will never go away.   if tourney betters pick the likely favorite, like kentucky in this year's tournament, they could get the champion right but lose out because of the early-round games.   if we as a society are willing to accept that, what kind of society are we?"   if we change that, future generations could marvel at what we accomplish.   if we don't, the trammelled freedoms we have left will shrink even further.   "if we keep battling and go about things the right way the results will follow," insisted honda.   if we're going to meet an end that way, we always think it's going to be on a call or something like that, not just somebody walking up and murdering you," anthony bennett said.   if we spent our best days milking the good feelings, then when the dark times come we can see they're reminders that we have a choice.   if you allowed them to, meetings could probably take up all hours of your week.   if you are depressed, don't try to deal with it on your own.   if you are outside of the u.s., please visit the international association for suicide prevention for a database of international resources.   if you’d like to give cheese a loving forever home, you can do so by filling out an application at helpinghandsrescue.com or by calling () -.   if you don’t buy with jump!   if you don’t choose organic fruit, just make sure to scrub the peel well before zesting.   if you equate pop culture with an incarnation of endless irony, it doesn't describe the contemporary israeli literature at all.   if you find a postcard, jot down your idea and drop in the mail.   if you go the pro route, be sure to work out costs ahead of a booking; some photographers post their prices directly on their websites, others require an email or phone call.   “if you go there and you do three to five years, get your experience, you can kind of write your own ticket,” he said.   "if you go to the bathroom and it's not clear, you've already reached the point of dehydration.   "if you guys need any tips on winning back-to-back, you know where to find me," quipped the second-term president, no doubt aware that the spurs' five nba titles don't include any in successive years.   if you have health insurance through a smaller employer or insure yourself, you will receive a -b form, which offers more details than the -c, such as who in your household is covered by the insurance.   "if you have too much time then you sit and dwell and that's self destructive.   if you itemize your taxes, you can claim both cash and noncash contributions on schedule a of the tax form.   if you know anything about this case, or any other unsolved mmiw case, email us at mmiw@cbc.ca. comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   if you live in a state with no income tax, you can instead write off all the state sales tax that you paid during the year, says baum.   if you looked at the sun through a filter from titania or miranda, it would appear as a very small disk and not just a point of light, moore said.   if you need help finding a preparer or are due a refund, you can check through the irs website or there’s an app for that: irsgo, which you can use to follow the irs on twitter, tumblr and youtube.   if you or someone you know is suffering from depression, you can call the national suicide prevention helpline at ---talk.   if you plan to put your home on the market this spring or summer, you might be looking for the most cost-effective renovations to set your house apart from the competition.   "if your approach is not working, take a look at how human you are seeming in your approach, and make small adjustments that can create big change," o'connor wrote in part , "slammed doors."   if you read the comments on my article the intense animosity that people have towards him, there's definitely racial undertones.   if you're dressed like this guy on oct. , you're probably part of the problem.   “if you’re not picky about what you do, there’s always something.   if you're not satisfied with the item you bought, you're welcome to return it at any time.   if you're on a boat, dr. taylor says you should have access to shade, keep it to a couple of hours, or boat in the evening.   • if you're unable to donate money, the september th national day of service and remembrance offers another way to contribute.   if you send something digitally and the information crosses the borders of the us while being transferred between internet servers, it might also be captured.   "if you take little eight year olds … and teach them gender dysphoria, teach them they may not be the gender of their body, you can't tell me that that would have zero impact on all children," he says.   if you treat disability right, it can be advantageous to your situation but only if you have the right mindset.   if you've got an idea, if you've got a passion, then you should follow it."   if you've got a suggestion we missed, leave it in the comments.   “if you vote to send billions of dollars to jihadists who have pledged to murder americans, then you bear direct responsibility for the murders carried out with the dollars you have given,” cruz said to cheers.   "if you want extra growth, you've got to take on that extra risk," said wayne mccurrie, a fund manager at momentum wealth in pretoria.   if you want the leap on contract, you can grab it immediately through vodafone, otherwise it's also available sim-free through third-party sellers such as clove, unlocked mobiles and mobile phones direct.   "if you want to use this opportunity to secure your systems, it could cost you thousands," she says.   if you work at mcdonald's, you get paid days off your first year.   if you would like to contribute, please email us here.   “i genuinely hope he’s doing well and that he understands that if you’re a teacher … having that mindset should not be tolerated.”   "i get advice from (my adviser) and kind of live and die by what his advice is," swarthout said.   i get charley horses in my calves."   i got scared, so i couldn't do anything but watch."   "i guess the best thing that you can say is that it wasn't two dollars," said ken kobly, president and ceo of the alberta chambers of commerce who attended sigurdson's news conference.   i had a very good and had the opportunity of going to the under-’s women’s world cup with nigeria and i also won the golden ball and golden boot, so i think maybe that added to the reason why people voted for me.”   i had been offered a teaching position there.   i had learned that personal value comes in comparison to others, so this was the mindset i had at the time.   i had seen her earlier in the day at an event with the premier, but she had gone home to rest after that.   i had two kids when i came to harlem in .   i have a hard time distinguishing much difference in the hooks, but just kept trying them out until it fit my ear.   i have a sticky supervisory situation to deal with right now.   i have been in a number of meetings with her since then.   i have been taking ambien for about years.   "i have decided to put my political fortune in the hands of the filipino people," he said.   i have encountered extraordinary taiwanese, including one lady who continuously generates gas in her bowels and sounds like a frog, and who suddenly shouts: “wah-ha-ha.”   “i have had a good chance to test some combinations and see some players in a high intensity environment,” he added.   "i have no comment," said the man at the door, who did not identify himself.   “i have noticed that they do not want to work with me.   i haven't been in my routine in a while as far as going to shootaround, taking my nap, getting to the game.   "i haven't had a chance to talk to her so far, but every time i see her she gives me the biggest smile."   “i haven’t talked to my colleagues.   i haven’t tapped it, but it’s been there.   "i have so many questions in my head.   i have talked to producers about filming this cast before this cast moves on."   i have to put that in. they came back and they scored there."   i have worked with him time and time again on many, many issues," said vermont sen. bernie sanders.   i held my own, but we both had shiners before a senior freitas stepped in, declaring a draw.   'i hope by taking a stand about what happened to me, it will help others in the lgbt community realize they have a right to equal treatment.'   i hope that the hard work is interrupted occasionally with that glorious feeling of riding my bike down the hill with no hands and shrieking with joy.   i hope your award will serve our state and the belarusian people."   i hope you understand," he told cnn's jim acosta.   i hunched my shoulders and pushed my chin into the front of my body armour, and reminded myself that the raf would land the plane safely; flying is what they do.   "i invite all of you to change the world with your own light," said the spiritual santana.   “i just bring up the topic of tony gwynn,” said ozella, whose son worked as an equipment manager at san diego state when gwynn coached there.   “i just don’t want this to die and go away.   "i just felt like i couldn't walk away from what i see as the challenges we face," clinton said.   i just find it really invigorating," she told cbc's information radio.   i just have a big bag of greens that i get from the farmer's market on sunday.   "i just remember it felt like we lost control, and i looked up and saw the bus headed toward us," moody said.   i just remember thinking: "oh, god."   "i just tell myself to stay calm even though i'm doing nothing wrong," david walker says "there's a lot of work to be done on both sides," he says.   "i just think it's so inhumane to do those things and set up those leg-hold traps."   i just thought it was appropriate that we start it off right by start trying to do something for them and more importantly do something for the community,” said stewart.   "i just told him to win it all," mack said of his postgame exchange with miller.   i just wanted to, like, hunker down and study music.   "i just wanted to start sharing our skies with people because it's so fascinating," he said.   i just wanted to write a book.   i knew all too well the toll of letting work become my life.   i knew when he came home from a golfing trip and, while emptying his suitcase i saw his t-shirts and socks neatly folded in an unlikely way.   i know for a fact she wasn't driving while drunk.   "i know life is hard, but the choices you made were despicable, and what you did to my daughter was disgusting."   i know so many people, who have big ideas and dreams, but are afraid to go after them because they're scared.   i know that you are going to tell me that it's just too much work for one person, but i disagree.   i know the two things don’t go together.   i learned maya had left the hospital but after that, calls would not go through on her cell phone.   i left the studio around three, with the shelled beans, a basket of cherry tomatoes, some arugula, and a bunch of okra in my backpack.   “i like the back-and-forth,” malina added.   illinois and cook county public health officials are investigating a measles outbreak in a suburban chicago daycare center.   i'll pray for yemen where an isis suicide bomber killed dozens on the day of eid, a muslim celebration.   i’ll tell you what i wouldn’t give him.   "i'll tell you what - there have never been so many people to miss the cut that are so happy to go home," said the former us open champion who now works as a golf course designer and consultant.   i looked calm but underneath i was going a bit crazy."   i love a tablet for this purpose, but your phone can work just as well.   “i love hearing about all of the things that people are doing on campus, and it means a lot to be recognized.”   i love to jog, i have a four-month old right now so it's been hard to get to the gym.   "i made a lot of good putts," ko said.   i'm a fellow at the adam smith institute in london, a writer here and there on this and that and strangely, one of the global experts on the metal scandium, one of the rare earths.   image of smarika rai of pittsburg, pa., has glitter applied to her face in celebration of the pride parade in san francisco on sunday, june , .   image of an expansion joint marker shows about an inch of movement on the offramp from highway to sonoma blvd. as a strong earthquake hit the san francisco bay area centered near american canyon, calif., on sunday, august , .   image of people walk up the stairs of the civic center bart station the pride parade in san francisco on sunday, june , .   image: access.org the mobile carrier can monetize this by providing additional information about kavita, at a cost, to the website listed in the http request.   image: andrey popov while the greek economy struggles, a startup based in athens is now aspiring to go global.   image caption local authorities were told to switch to comprehensive schools from ms powell also accused the grammar school system of being a barrier to social mobility.   image copyright ben evans/charles dickens museum image caption nursery at doughty st, ready for a party on th night "dickens grew up with all these traditions - and they continued as he brought up his own family."   image copyright getty images image caption dna studies have shown that modern dogs descended from their wolf ancestors most researchers agree that dogs have been around for at least , years.   image copyright reuters image caption youtube attracts longer videos to its platform one of the problems facebook is trying to tackle is that its video offering is often a fleeting experience, but longer videos typically attract more valuable advertising.   image copyright thinkstock the commission outlined a number of challenges for the scottish government and asked it to: the report said: "government has set out policy priorities with which few people will disagree.   image: cory bohon entering your passcode and verifying it will ensure the -digit code is set as your new device passcode.   image: natalie monson/super healthy kids teddy bear toast is a nutty treat that’s beary hard to beat as it can be prepped and served in less than five minutes (and likely consumed that quickly too!).   images provided by the extremist organization's media wing and circulated widely on social media showed bearded men with kalashnikovs pulling the terrified airman out of a nearby river.   "imagine the uproar there would be if that happened at the white house," barr said.   imam mehtar condemned the attacks, adding that people who fail to turn the other cheek when offended "become part of the problem."   i'm a terrible audience member myself.   "i'm a very visual learner.   imax theaters stuck with "avengers: age of ultron" rather than give their domestic screens over to "mad max."   i'm constantly fighting the angry black woman stigma, the ‘you're pretty, you can't be funny' stigma.   i'm cool with it."   "i'm done for," the friend said.   i mean, he was just amazing for his age," said dell.   "i mean, it's obvious.   “i'm fighting for much more than myself," trump said in a statement monday.   imf spokesman gerry rice said in a statement that imf's executive board "continues to express its confidence in the managing director's ability to effectively carry out her duties."   "i'm going to put a certain amount of my own time into this, and i'm going to put a certain amount of my own money into it.   i’m going to tell you how you can help today’s students grab the thousands of technology jobs being created here and around the country, which today go unfilled for lack of qualified applicants.   "i'm happy that it has been potentially recovered," nyong'o said in the statement to women's wear daily.   "i'm highly upset.   "i'm just here to have fun and be a part of something."   "i'm just hoping that she was able to make it through that christmas and that things did get better for her and her family," he said.   "i'm just making fun of the idea that people say, 'she's no stranger to hard work,' and i was thinking, 'yes i am.   “i’m just really proud of the girls,” he said.   immerse bahamas is the bahamas’ newest public relations, project and destination management company.   "i'm more than willing to fight for my mother.   i'm not going to name their names because i'm not going to embarrass, but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections, they've used the law.   i’m not gonna lie, i’m kinda looking forward to watching metallica on my hdtv from my comfortable couch in my cozy apartment, away from the large maddening crowd tomorrow.   i'm not here to make up excuses for my team, but what i will do is state facts if/as needed and at this point there is no reason to accuse anyone of cheating.   “i'm not sure how titties are worse than guns.”   i'm not sure why they call that proprietary.   "impacts from space weather are very wide ranging with potentially severe consequences," he said.   impact: "successful track-record of delivering award-winning content including documentaries on topics including business, politics and the arts."   implementing the plan "will be vital to the achievement of future agreements on sustainable development goals and climate later this year", she added.   importantly, the structures are stable enough to be used to make microscopic biomedical contraptions.   i'm proud of the cultural diversity of the city.   "i'm really happy, especially where i am."   "i'm standing there thinking, 'what am i going to do?'   "i'm still standing here."   i'm super excited about what happened.'   i'm sure they wanted emmanuel mudiay or justise winslow or a name that they were familiar with.   i'm very confident meeting her.   "i'm very mindful of the significance," he said.   i'm very nervous of how this is going to continue."   in , sun gave him to the taipei zoo, where he would eventually become an icon.   in , people were killed when an aeromexico jetliner and a small private plane collided over cerritos, california.   in we had the honour of receiving a silver clef award from the charity and in we performed a gig at the royal albert hall to raise money for a new library.   in he received the olive branch award from columbia university for his stories on russian nuclear proliferation.   in , crouch was inducted into the gospel music hall of fame, and he is one of the few gospel performers to have a star on the hollywood walk of fame.   in , houston-based conocophillips forged a strategic alliance with lukoil, at one point owning nearly percent of the russian oil giant.   in , u.s. president george w. bush said his re-election was a ratification of what he did in iraq and there was no reason to hold any administration official accountable.   in , . percent of needham's high school students said they smoked at least one cigarette in the previous month, and . percent smoked at least a month.   in , cologne were relegated, and podolski moved to bayern munich, where his haul of fifteen goals in games was not good enough to establish him in the starting eleven.   in , croatia fans formed a human swastika in the stands during a friendly with italy in livorno, ap news agency reported.   in her doctor prescribed prozac, and, a few years later, another doctor prescribed zoloft.   in , he came all the way from washington state and took over what in the past had been a sometimes controversial planning department in shawnee.   in , he was inducted into the newfoundland and labrador business hall of fame.   in , communityone bancorp, then known as fnb united and headquartered in asheboro, received $. million in bailout funds.   in , spayka launched production of packaging boxes and pallets from polystyrene foam that are very presentable, comply with all international standards and health requirements and are made by cutting edge german technology.   in , verizon added , cell sites just in new york state, which, we estimate had access line capacity to handle between to . million connections.   in , health researchers at appalachian state university found that, perhaps counterintuitively, exercising in the morning helps you sleep better at night.   in , prosecutors filed patronizing and prostitution cases.   in , he showed that he could still mangle talking points when he stepped all over obama's plans to roll out his backing for gay marriage by committing the cardinal vice presidential sin on "meet the press" of getting ahead of the boss.   in , the last year data are available, the state and individual counties scooped up half the $. million in legal financial obligations statewide, much more than went to restitution and crime victims combined.   in , he called me and said, ‘twenty years ago, you told me to choose a political life.   in , police chief ray schultz retired after an eight-year tenure marred by a spike in fatal police shootings and excessive force cases that critics blamed on a departmental culture that fostered brutality.   in , the vast majority of visitors to france were from other european countries, but about . million came from the united states and . million from china, according to government figures.   in , wu zetian declared herself emperor in her own right and founded her own dynasty, which she called the "zhou."   in a - decision handed down friday morning, the court ruled that the u.s. constitution grants gay residents in all states the right to marry.   "in about two minutes i renegotiated it down to two hours so we could get the hell out of here," he bragged.   in a busy office this offers a sensible solution to problem of losing focus.   in academic parlance, the "demand elasticity" of gasoline is generally estimated at around -. to -. in the short term, meaning it takes up to a percent swing in the price of gasoline to raise or lower demand by percent.   in a case of perception vs. reality, spokane police has crime data that shows property crimes in the logan neighborhood are down -percent from last year, however, people who live in the neighborhood say they aren't seeing that trend.   in a country where women face a host of restrictions including a driving ban, the move was welcomed as an important step forward.   “in addition, employers need to recognize that the paradigm is shifting and that body modifications are becoming more mainstream.”   in addition, one of petersen's own cases, the conviction of leonel vega over a gang-related murder, was vacated last year thanks to sanders' findings.   in addition, the minimum liquidity ratio for domestic banks has surpassed the central bank’s requirement of percent to average . percent, chiu added.   in addition, the ministry of science and technology will combine with the ministry of higher education and scientific research.   in addition, there was previously more of a stigma against heroin use, mainly because it is a drug that is injected.   in addition, this premium software offers a multitude of features that are not found in windows explorer, such as the ability to color-code and synchronize folders.   in addition to preparing a mass production for the iphone s, tsmc is also moving forward with plans to deploy nm finfet chip technology.   in addition to previously announced closures in south korea, the bank has closed many branches in pakistan.   in addition to showering less frequently, vartan began oil cleansing in lieu of soap.   in addition to the increasing number of students, there are other factors behind the ontario recruitment drive.   in addition to the librem , purism is preparing a second version of the librem , as the first generation has sold out.   in addition to the social costs, many lifelong atheists -- and believers, too, for that matter -- underestimate the existential terror that often accompanies the first stages of atheism.   in addition, wisemore said the shooter fired four or five shots at a deputy's car, but he wasn't hurt.   in a despatch from pyongyang, china's official xinhua news agency said the quarantine measures had been lifted as of tuesday, with the exception of visitors from west africa.   in a first phase, which started earlier this week, this operation called "eunavfor med" will have the german navy's ships do reconnaissance alongside vessels, drones, and helicopters sent by other member states such as the uk and france.   in a highly diverse borough of london, it's surprisingly easy not to confront injustice.   in a little over a year, the pitchfork review’s audience has developed primarily through word-of-mouth and social media, allowing the small team to continue taking risks and finding inspiration in the real world.   "in all, about , attempts were made from questionable email domains, with more than , of those attempts successfully clearing authentication hurdles," the agency told the ap.   in all, the station employs about people.   in all three complaints, the owners are identified as sergio becerra cruz and lourdes garcia becerra.   in a matchup against the tennessee titans, the panthers’ quarterback completed his first passes—a career high—and went of overall for yards and a touchdown while leading his team to a - victory.   in a meeting in guatemala city, representatives from several of the countries said they would fly some of the cubans to el salvador, where they would be put on buses to cross guatemala and enter mexico.   "in american hotels, they always have washcloths."   in an annex to the memo, a small note related to platini's role with blatter mentions that he is expected to become the federation's next director of sports.   in an effort to simplify your mobile life, ikea just announced a new line of lamps that can wirelessly charge your cellphone.   in an essay for medium, parks explains that when he logged onto the website to access his message, he realized that the method used to distribute it could enable anyone logged in to randomly access other users' messages.   in an interview in their ground-floor apartment, the neighbor, a young woman, and her mother echoed other people’s memories of harper-mercer as quiet and distant.   in an interview with cnn in july, apatow said that cosby "got a pass" for his crimes for years and compared him to a "pedophile priest."   in an interview with huffpost live on friday, lathan -- who star in the new film "the perfect guy" -- told host zerlina maxwell that she looks to fellow black actresses to get her through the tough times.   in an interview with newspaper frankfurter allgemeine zeitung, traffic minister alexander dobrindt stressed that germany intends to be a world leader for digital vehicles and not dependent on google technology.   in another break from tradition, you also can include income from someone who doesn’t live in your household — a parent or a grown child, for instance — to qualify for a mortgage.   in any case, even if the importance of farming declines, it's not as if farming can disappear.   in any case, my atheist (i mention his non-faith leanings because it seems to be so important nowadays) colleague and friend once promised me that he'd always have my back when i prayed.   in any case, the vast majority of greeks have yet to have that conversation.   "in any event, i've been called a bimbo from the time i was a secretary to the time i was a ceo."   "in a place like that music and art are really special."   in a post on the orleans parish sheriff's office website on monday, gusman said the timing and scheduling of the meeting is "highly suspect."   in a post titled "i want to be a grandmother."   in april, it also lowered the reserve requirement ratio -- the amount of money banks must put aside as reserves -- to encourage lending, for the second time in three months.   in a promotional video on unb's web site, he says that scholarship and the jobs he held in the summer enabled him to graduate without owing a penny.   "in a rising freight market, such as we are in now, i would think that owners would be more hesitant to fix out their ships on time charter unless they felt strongly that rates were about to decline."   in a riveting, two-hour showdown between the last two us female players in the draw, the no. -ranked and no. -seeded williams was a game away from defeat on monday, then came back to beat sloane stephens -, -, -.   in a sermon viewed nearly , times on youtube, he refers to them as "safawis," a reference to a th century persian dynasty that oversaw the expansion of shiite islam.   in asia, ethnic rohingya fleeing persecution in burma -- among others -- are also turning to smugglers in record numbers.   in asia, japan's nikkei (.   in a sign of how tense things have become inside harper’s circle, byrne was not in calgary on election night, and is out of a job as of tuesday morning.   in a sign of the huge interest, the cure added two additional days at madison square garden in new york for a total of three shows at the prestigious arena.   in a sign of the increasingly tense situation, israeli forces shot a palestinian attacker on tuesday after she tried to stab a soldier at a west bank checkpoint.   in a speech read on his behalf by zna director for civil-military relations, colonel charles matema a fortnight ago, sibanda said the army had a constitutional mandate to protect civilian power, both central government and local authorities.   in a speech setting out the stark differences between the scottish and the british governments' positions on the european union, sturgeon said a british exit from the bloc would lead to a backlash against london.   in a statement, chiasson’s attorney gregory morvillo said his client is “deeply gratified by this complete vindication.”   in a statement, clapper's office said: "the dni was clear china remains a leading suspect, though the usg continues to investigate," using an acronym for the u.s. government.   in a statement, it said he was head of al qaeda "suicide and explosives operations" and was linked to plots to attack u.s. targets.   in a statement, lamanno's family said it was devastated by her death and asked for privacy as they grieve.   in a statement monday, the massachusetts state police said that billboards will be displayed in locations.   in a statement, nalcor energy expressed sympathy to the wilcox family.   in a statement, the white house said she "underscored the u.s. commitment to an afghan-led peace process, and urged pakistan to intensify its efforts to counter terrorist sanctuaries inside its borders in order to promote regional peace and stability."   in a statement, t-mobile described the move as a "pushback against a trend that wireless users have overwhelmingly supported."   in a statement tuesday morning, the rnc used the incident to advise the public to wear reflective clothing when out walking at night.   in a state tv interview late tuesday, deputy prime minister giannis dragasakis conceded the government was "obliged to take more painful measures" but would keeping working to make the burden of austerity fairer.   in a sworn declaration, joel metlen, former business operations manager for the office of food and nutrition services, wrote, “the funds that chartwells agreed to pay dcps were a direct result of mr. mills’ whistleblower lawsuit.   in a tie situation, the president's vote determines the winner, according to the party.   in a trading update, it said: "we deployed extensive additional resources, including enhanced uv treatment, to restore the water quality to the high standards expected as quickly as possible, and full service was restored in early september.   in a typical year, there were approximately , port calls in the united states.   in august, people came forward to sue geoffrey budden and stewart morris, lawyers from newfoundland who had represented them in lawsuits.   in august, english giants saracens will face super side the crusaders in a pre-season friendly at the superdome in new orleans.   in berlin, he's directing a film remotely from beijing, and it stars his son, ai lao.   in boston, where schools are closed but subways are running, mayor marty walsh announced a championship parade would kick off tuesday at a.m. et at the prudential center skyscraper downtown and end at city hall.   in britain, metal shavings were found in the plane's engine lubricant in .   in cases of sexual molestation and coercion - the allegations made against assange - swedish prosecutors must bring charges within five years.   in china, the dongzhi festival is celebrated on the winter solstice by families gathering together to eat special festive food.   included in the line-up are some , members of the paramilitary police and other security forces in rio itself, while security in the five other cities hosting olympic football matches will be provided by , troops.   in comparison, he found the italian masters too decorative.   "in complementing the rest of our team, we think he's just a fantastic target that we can implement in a number of ways," seattle coach pete carroll said.   in contrast, the democratic progressive party’s (dpp) trajectory has soared at the hands of dpp chairperson tsai ing-wen (蔡英文) and her platform.   increasingly, communities of color rely on broadband services to mobilize powerful movements and public voices on important issues such as immigration and the rights of low-wage workers.   incredibly, children smile more than times a day.   indeed, there is nothing left for the world to do but hope that the cease-fire really does take effect along the entire front.   india and germany have signed agreements cheaper energy - as soon as possible tobias engel meier, a management consultant, advises foreign companies to invest in the indian solar market.   indianapolis public schools, the state's largest school district, will join them on monday.   indiana university gets , freshmen every fall, about half of them women.   indie-pop act porcelain raft, the solo project of mauro remiddi, plays dc with art-pop vocal looper cat martino.   indonesia has islands that may fall within china's expansive maritime claims in the south china sea, but doesn't count itself as one of the claimants to the disputed islands and reefs.   indonesian divers yesterday descended to the main body of an airasia jet that crashed last month, hoping to recover the bulk of the disaster’s victims, a day after it was finally located by a navy ship.   indonesia's air force sent a c- plane to transport the apes, each in a metal cage, for the five-hour trip from bangkok to jakarta, the indonesian capital.   inducted into the hockey hall of fame in in the builder category, arbour also enjoyed a -season nhl career playing defense.   in early september, sarif was already talking of a new peace plan that iran and russia wanted to push for syria.   "i needed the money," the -year-old minister said with a laugh during an interview in suburban bolingbrook, roughly miles from chicago.   "i need feminism because..   i need them to carry the weight of my life the old gods are gone.   in england, the former naval officer is known as a sports enthusiast who is a bit cantankerous at times and prone to saying the wrong thing.   in every case, the front doors were ignited, leaving damage that ranged from virtually nothing at one church to the near destruction of another.   "in everything i do, i try to go green if i have the choice," he says.   in fact, paul graham, founder of y combinator, the stanford of silicon valley incubators, has made similar comments about founders who look like mark zuckerberg.   in fact, the city does offer many advantages for porn companies.   in fact, the firm was planning up to extra shifts in its production facility in wolfsburg as order books were full and demand gratifyingly stable for the brand's golf, tiguan and touran models.   in fact, we are not starting at zero.   "inflation is a tax on the poor, most of all."   inflation is well into triple digits and scarcity is up to or percent of some basic goods.   in france, he was the main man at clermont auvergne, and steered a team that always fell short on the big occasion to the top title in .   in fredericton, it will be - c today, but - c with the wind chill this morning.   in frustration, some eu states have decided to go it alone with their own pnr-like systems and interconnect them with other partners.   in her book, hard choices, clinton championed the tpp, but said her final approval would depend on the final terms.   in her opening statement, deputy minister kathy okpik said the role could be re-evaluated as it relates to bilingual education, inclusive education and human resources.   in her soft roll out, clinton has not laid out any specific policy details.   in his decision, johansen mentioned research that shows children do better when raised by heterosexual families, state officials said.   in his facebook post, shin said he was not sure if he would be able to continue his efforts to end political prison camps in north korea.   in his hands, his guiding rod seemed to bounce again, and tassey stopped, marking another spot.   in his own video, the president addressed the recent complicated battles over trade playing out in congress.   in his own words..   in his ruling, chen rejected uber's argument that there is no typical uber driver so the named plaintiffs in the suit were not typical of their fellow class members.   in his spare time, otto enjoys golfing and watching movies.   in impoverished haiti, at least one man was killed in a mudslide in the town of carries.   in iraq and syria, american leadership — including our military power — is stopping isil’s advance.   initially hoping to raise £,, he said he had been "astonished at how people have responded".   initial proposals, outlined during a secure video conference, included maintaining a safe distance between us and russian aircraft and using common radio frequencies for distress calls.   in joanna's case, law enforcement did not contact her about an investigation after she reported the theft, and like the vast majority of victims, she never got any money back.   in july, president obama toured of a federal penitentiary in oklahoma, calling for an overhaul of sentencing rules.   in july the central bank began publishing a new index of inflation, known as "new core cpi", which strips out both the price of energy and of fresh food.   injustice to others is injustice to me.   in late-morning trading in the u.s., merck shares were up cents, or . percent, at $..   in late november, tensions escalated at tempelhof and groups attacked each other, some armed with metal rods and knives.   in less than a year, (august , ) i had a second brain surgery for the hydrocephalus at johns hopkins.   in lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the oak grove baptist church, highway , comer, ga .   in light of religiously motivated persecution, lebanon represents the last hope for christianity on the arabian peninsula," says abou zeid.   in line with normal procedures in cases such as this, we have identified a small number of close contacts of pauline's that we will be following up as a precaution."   in many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "plan," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other similar words.   in march, another update, where city officials said they were still "cautiously optimistic" the line would open by the may deadline.   in mueller's hometown of prescott, arizona, her family encouraged people to donate to organizations mueller would have supported, saying big displays of support wouldn't mesh with her humble nature.   in my follow up interview with tom, i asked him, "we should be grateful for the advances in medicine, but should people of faith--theologians, preachers--be thinking and talking about this from a biblical or ethical point of view?"   in north carolina, state environmental regulators agreed to move jointly with federal authorities to issue any fines resulting from clean water act violations.   in northeast asia, the number of tourists visiting taiwan from japan reached . million last year, he said, adding that the bureau projects that tourists from japan could top million this year.   "inoffensive, and can hold up to stronger dishes."   in one case, she was interviewing a dad with two small children at the forks.   in one, he replicates the famous “between two ferns” shorts by comedian zach galifianakis and discusses the growing debate over teacher tenure.   in one of his many books, "think big," trump says he inherited a passion for construction from his father, a real-estate developer.   in one photo, krivic takes viewers to pakistan in , where a man mesmerizes viewers as he stands in pristine blue water holding a mango in his hands.   in one propaganda video, shekau threatened to hit nigeria's oil-producing south.   in one such case, former north charleston, south carolina officer michael slager was indicted earlier this month for murdering -year-old walter scott, who ran after a traffic stop.   in one tv ad, former houston astros star lance berkman said voters should vote against the measure because it would allow "troubled men who claim to be women" to enter women's restrooms.   in order not to offend any users, it's important to maintain a respectful dialogue.   in order to compete with these narratives, they suggest enabling a stronger more powerful message.   in order to do that several businesses would need access to high-wattage, three-phase power to operate their coolers at lower temperatures.   "in order to scare or cause my membership harm or fear, they're willing to punish everyone that has any cargo on and off these ships."   i noted with amusement that yang, fei and i are all dressed in dark suits and maroon ties.   in other locations, the bags will be airlifted by helicopter to the barge, which pallister expects will be "pretty maxxed out" when the barge, roughly the size of a football field, is fully loaded.   in other words, assume personal responsibility for your choices.   in other words, it sounds suspiciously like a donut hole made with coffee grounds.   in previous drafts, this limit applied only to those and under."   in recent weeks the superstar has hosted late-night jam sessions where he serenaded madonna, celebrated the minnesota lynx's wnba championship and showcased his latest protege, singer judith hill.   in remarks he made during his stay in bolivia, the pope inveighed against unbridled free-market capitalism as a “new colonialism” that encouraged materialism, despoiled the environment, and created inequality.   "in running, you have to keep going," she said.   in russia -- it's not."   in saskatoon, the predicted high is . environment canada is warning people to get out the sunscreen.   in sectors such as engineering, pharmaceuticals and electronics, companies find it hard to place their products, which hampers innovation.   in september, a -year-old texas boy, ahmed mohamed, was arrested and taken to juvenile detention after teachers mistook the homemade electronic clock he had brought to school for a bomb.   in september, his works will be shown at the royal academy of arts.   in september, the department will outfit of its officers with body cameras.   in shifting his attention to electoral politics, carson is gaining a new and different audience, yet leaving some members questioning his path.   in short, he was verbally gutting the heart of the tentative agreement that his foreign minister, mohammad javad zarif, had painstakingly hammered out with kerry and other international leaders.   in short, if you're not a designer but you love creating custom content for your blog and social posts, you need a little word swag in your life.   inside syria: yarmouk turned to wasteland u.s. & cuba's complicated history in mins how executions go wrong celebrating world elephant day china's abandoned children this just in..   in simple words, it says that we shouldn't merely use people as means to an end.   in some samples, the team counted more than pieces of microplastics, which only includes those the researchers could see.   in some situations, this rat is aspirational.   in southwest new brunswick, abraham said it will be mainly cloudy with a chance of flurries.   inspiring reactions to paris attacks more: paris attacks, paris terrorism, paris shooting victims, terrorism get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   in spite of a wave of bao madness overseas in recent years -- a lot are overpriced and underwhelming -- the best gua bao still comes from the island.   instagrams from north korea photos instagrams from north korea – the reclusive nation of north korea this week welcomed western media to cover the th anniversary of the armistice agreement that ended fighting in the korean war.   installing a new doorbell (kits cost about $ to $) or updating the lighting (anywhere from $ to $) are also inexpensive fixes that can add instant appeal to the front entry.   instant detect is a camera trap system that uses satellite technology to send images from anywhere in the world, according to zsl conservation technology unit project manager, louise hartley.   instead, he said the city is creating an environment to bring businesses in. the developing estrella gin business park will offer , square feet of flex space.   instead, he waved goodbye, left the stage with a raised fist salute and waded into the crowd.   instead, his first movie under the -movie pact features his old buddies spade, schneider and macdonald and has already managed to offend native americans during filming.   instead, it said it is looking at creating a separate company to hold the rest of its assets.   "instead, it's more likely for a game to depict breasts as helium balloons that have minds of their own."   instead of building new public housing, the city provided tenants with vouchers to pay rent on the private market - where gno fair housing has found they are the victims not just of market conditions but of rampant discrimination.   instead of the more traditional museum model of grouping objects by time period or style, the museum used techniques honed in the presentation of temporary or traveling exhibits to showcase its permanent collection.   instead, pao chose to sue for millions of dollars.   instead, the person who is criminalized and shamed is the girl, who will be treated as a delinquent rather than a victim -- named and arrested as a child prostitute.   in subsequent years hp would become more profitable—to a large degree due to cost cutting by her successor as ceo, mark hurd—but the company would never become the moneymaking juggernaut fiorina promised.   insurance: kibble & prentice hired alan johnson as property-and-casualty sales executive.   in taking a page from tesla's elon musk, arora single-handedly boosted softbank shares . per cent.   interest in ethics gained momentum after an october new york times article claimed attorney general chris koster was influenced by lobbyist gifts and campaign contributions.   interior minister angelino alfano told the associated press on the sidelines of an event tuesday that "when they made the crossing they were free citizens, not sought-after terrorists."   interment will be at danielsville memorial gardens.   interment will follow at jackson memorial gardens.   interment will follow the service in eureka springs cemetery under the direction of nelson funeral service.   international brands must recalibrate their price-value equation.   international edition powerful quotes from the pope's encyclical by daniel burke, cnn religion editor updated gmt ( hkt) june , pope: climate change is largely man-made pope: climate change is largely man-made can the pope ever be wrong?   international edition liberland: could the world's newest micronation get off the ground?   international edition reports: syrian forces break isis siege on military airport updated gmt ( hkt) november , who is fighting in syria?   international edition 'the hunt': christopher ponce updated gmt ( hkt) july , the horrific crime that fuels john walsh the horrific crime that fuels john walsh : "the hunt with john wash" airs sundays at p.m. et/pt on cnn.   international edition updated gmt ( hkt) may , nadal by the numbers at french open photos rafael nadal will be hoping to win the french open for an unprecedented th time this year.   international edition world's most isolated inhabited island holds global architecture competition by eoghan macguire, cnn updated gmt ( hkt) april , tristan da cunha photos a lonely spot of land in the ocean.   international monetary fund chief christine lagarde, visiting rio for a central bank event, applauded rousseff's austerity drive, saying the freeze "demonstrates the political courage and the determination" to hit the government's target.   international organizations, however, stress that the precarious situation in afghanistan doesn't allow for easy solutions like that, since the taliban and other radical groups carry out bomb attacks in many regions.   internet trouble.   "interruption of transmission is a monumental achievement for a country that reported the highest number of deaths in the largest, longest, and most complex outbreak since ebola first emerged in ," it said.   interviews and internal records showed that experiments and everyday handling had often subjected animals to illness, pain and premature death, and that the center did not have the oversight many universities and companies had adopted for their research.   in that light, some syrians see assad as the lesser of two evils, with his grip bringing a degree of calm in damascus and other main cities.   in that moment, i told him something like, “when i win an academy award in one of your movies.”   in that same period, bill gates has been the only number one in the u.s.," said rupert hoogewerf, chairman and chief researcher of hurun report.   in the election, . million latinos were eligible to vote, the highest number ever.   in the th, tevez raced into the area and collided with ospina.   in the american psychological association's stress in america survey, percent of women reported feeling fatigue due to stress.   "in the bathroom everything swayed," he said.   in the blood-soaked chaotic middle east, with few exceptions like the kurds, our friends either can't or won't fight.   in the book, suisman examines the urban history la brea tar pits and the development of the surrounding areas, especially wilshire boulevard.   in the borough of côte-des-neiges—notre-dame-de-grâce, for example, outdoor pool hours have been extended until p.m. and spray pads will be open until p.m. all week.   in the climate of the day, in the stillness of the moment, i stared at the .” by ” page i had created, crafted and conquered over the past three autumns: my resume.   in the cnn interview, kerry said there must be an “orderly transition” from assad to legitimate leadership over time.   in the coda of a reverie about the perfect kitchen knife, he concedes, “i do, though, find it mildly disturbing to find comfort in something with which you could so easily kill someone.”   "in the course of resetting our firefox os strategy, we looked at our management team and saw we needed to make a change," beard said of gong's departure.   in the current draft document, member states pledge that no one will be left behind.   in the days and months after the shooting, kreplin said he has spoken to those who were confined to the church while bourque roamed the neighbourhood.   in the end, he suffered no harm and no critical incident was filed.   "in the end, the people will judge those who have done wrong and reward those who helped, provided and stood with them," said dahlan, underlining the need for a popular vote to be held.   in the era of sustainable development, engaged popular resistance, sustained conflicts and maintained tensions in many regions around the world, the conference will also explore the various players and sources of influence in today's world.   in the evening, a lone van with loudspeakers drove by, surrounded by police officers.   "in the final analysis, there is one truth that stands between and before all of us," o'malley said in a statement.   in the first half it was as if osweiler could do no wrong.   in the fourth quarter, lynch took a handoff, stiff-armed a defensive lineman, broke the run for yards and finished it by lowering his head into safety ha ha clinton-dix with a -pound linebacker clinging to his legs.   "in the future we will strengthen security measures while the most important thing for clients is that they will suffer no financial damage as that will be covered by our company," merlak added.   in the hornets’ victory over eastern oregon last week, kniffin (-, ) was of for yards and two touchdowns.   "in the initial stages of the outbreak, we didn't need to find ebola, it found us.   in their new zealand derby, flyhalf colin slade kicked points as the crusaders rebounded from a surprise first-round loss to hold off the highlanders -.   in the keynotes, they were attentive, though not enthused.   in the last six - seven years we are starting to see a lot of progress in the field of hiv vaccine.   in the late fifties, he put everything into cuban sugarcane fields, “and come he’s penniless.   in the meantime, it creates an issue of leaving the state's top law enforcement official in charge of a -employee office and a $ million budget but without the ability to act as a lawyer.   in the meantime, the only thing fishermen can do is wait and hope for the best.   “in the meantime, we live in côte saint-luc.   in the minds of several media analysts, she should somehow have been stifled.   “in the name of children, these people are stealing money,” says dhital.   in the nba, pau plays for the chicago bulls, and marc at the memphis grizzlies.   in the nearby town of muldrow, where wheeler went to high school, the flag was lowered to half-staff and students had a moment of silence.   in the night’s other match, lille took control thanks to a superb ninth-minute goal from right-back sebastien corchia, who picked up on a loose clearance about m out and hit a dipping, first-time shot into the top-right corner.   in the other three top markets, low building rates and underwater mortgages have held back supply, so that small changes in demand have had a magnified impact on prices.   in the overwhelming majority of academic subjects, journals are where the cutting edge research is," said ashworth.   in the piece, sorkin cites the travails of indra k. nooyi (pepsico), marissa mayer(yahoo), ellen kullman (dupont), meg whitman (hewlett-packard) and mary barra (gm).   in the round of , record pinned jackson kirby of central arkansas christian.   in the short term, things have gotten a lot worse.   in the short time she made a phone call, disaster struck.   in the speech he offered to "cooperate" with the huthis to convince them to hold talks with the neighbouring kingdom.   in the third quarter, verizon communications inc. gained , fios tv customers.   “in the us, especially in silicon valley, they are up for any crazy idea,” -year-old benoliel said.   in the video, astronaut terry virts extracts a floating ball of water, into which he inserts an effervescent tablet to watch it dissolve and release gasses in mid-air.   in the video for the romex app, now released on its website and on facebook, tracy squire spoke about the tragedy of losing her -year-old son.   in the wake of günter grass' death, artists, intellectuals and politicians pay tribute to a literary giant.   in the wake of that, buffalo wild wings has announced that it will pull its tv commercials featuring rannazzisi.   in the worst bloodshed in kenya in nearly two decades, four al shabaab gunmen went on a killing spree on thursday, hunting down and executing students in a campus in garissa, a northeastern town km ( miles) from the somali border.   in this article: culture, transportation moto sport review: solid smartwatch, subpar workout tool hardcore runners need not apply.   in this case, daimler's alliance partner renault played lead in product development, and a version of the car is being sold as the french maker's new twingo microcar.   in this case, her character jess is an amalgam of two male characters from the original argentinian film.   "in this decade we will," he said, in one of the biggest applause lines of his speech.   in this photo by bikas das, a hindu priest marks a trader's account book with holy symbols on the bengali new year in kolkata, india.   in this photo provided by bryan beaubrun, martese johnson is held down by an officer wednesday, march , , in charlottesville, va.   in this photo taken april , , visitors wait at the entrance to jd.com head office in beijing.   in this role i helped raise more than $ million dollars and guide the building of a new theater facility in the heart of dc.   in this screen grab image taken on february , from a video made available by islamist group bo …   in this wednesday, may , photo, a worker does some final work on a one-lane floating bridge o … the bridge is "very important" to the community, said orange county sheriff bill bohnyak, a member of the celebration committee.   in those interceding months, the priest kept on working.   in time, she was privy to some of the most intimate moments of the women’s lives, once even attending a wedding as a bridesmaid of a fellow iso member.   into the valley succeeded by giving a unique platform to showcase just how powerful and exciting the genre is and can be.   in tunisia as well as in the region, it is time for women to have a bigger place at the table to discuss all policy issues that concern them, including security and economy.   in turn, ericsson filed seven lawsuits against apple in the united states in addition to two international lawsuits.   in turn, you can use wi-fi sense to automatically connect your windows pc to your friends' wi-fi networks without knowing their passwords.   "in ukraine it is very different - you have a competent leadership who want to move in the direction of democracy and market economy.   invaluable estimates the price to fall between $, (the starting bid) and $,, but in the past, jordan memorabilia has been auctioned off for upwards of $,.   inverness was hosting it for the first time in years.   inversely, never be so broke where all you have is your money.   investigators released this new video this week, hoping someone will recognize the man seen here.   investigators will speak to the man as soon as his condition permits them to.   investing in companies that create 'green jobs' is a priority, said mccurdy, to offset losses in the oil and gas sector and to deal with climate change, which he called "one of the greatest challenges of our time."   investment china pledges billions to african economies chinese president xi jinping has announced massive new funding for projects in africa at a china-africa cooperation summit in johannesburg.   investors are also watching economic reports for clues on the timing of the fed’s first rate increase since .   investors like that, says valliere.   investors who buy books of life policies collect premiums from customers before eventually having to pay out benefits.   investors worry that because earnings of may not be sufficient to cover the dividends or dividend growth that they expected, the same forces causing those problems will soon lead to mlp investment-grade bonds being turned into junk.   invited guests included corporate donors, lobbyists and at least one political action committee.   in washington, haftar’s absolutist tactics have caused discomfort.   in wyoming, where wolves could be shot on sight in most of the state, the animals later regained protections.   in yet another reminder of the severity of the situation in syria, worldpost middle east correspondent sophia jones reports that two syrian activists who documented the islamic state's crimes have been beheaded by the terror group.   "i own a gun, i live alone, travel alone, i am vulnerable; that's why i have my weapon in an accessible position.   i own the publishing company for dr. jim roach md's best-selling book, god's house calls, and working on the book made me acutely aware that sometimes god taps you on the shoulder and gives you a hint about your next move.   i picked up a paddle (my slick “tournament-ready” paddle was $.) and some ping-pong balls, and headed to the green lake community center, host of the green lake table tennis club on weekends.   "i planted seeds where you used to play, the little trees are growing," my father tells me over the phone.   iran hopes to leverage better relations to secure closer cooperation against common threats.   iran, meanwhile, is asserting itself in a divided iraq like never before.   iran's oil minister also dismissed the possibility of limiting tehran's production ramp-up once western sanctions are lifted.   i read with interest elizabeth kolbert’s piece on colonizing mars (“project exodus,” june st).   i really didn't know the answer to that.   "i really like the people, the people are really great," said ashley taylor who lives in portland.   i really mean that for all of our guys.   i recently returned from myanmar, where i undertook research for my forthcoming book on the rohingya minority.   i remember the early days of the digital cinema transition when "black" was the same mediocre gray we were getting in lcds, dlp projectors and early plasma tvs at home.   "i respond by saying it's always more important to look to the future than to the past," he said during a visit to washington in .   irfan al-alawi, co-founder of the islamic heritage research foundation and a critic of site redevelopment at mecca, suggested that authorities had been negligent by having a series of cranes overlooking the mosque.   irish news only one of new super-councils are considering starting meetings with prayers, the irish news reports.   iris is the penultimate film of acclaimed documentarian albert maysles, who died in march at the age of . between the director, the icon, and apfel’s now--year-old husband, carl, the doc makes it clear that age ain’t nothing but a number.   irs officials say sophisticated international criminals were responsible for the breach.   is a drunk witness a reliable one?   "i said, 'oh, you've made yourself a new friend, did you?'   is anyone out there?’   "i saw a lot of similarities in the double-speak and misdirection in the presidential debates and also in the pet-food industry."   "i saw a woman who didn’t have access to safe and legal abortion who sadly died because of it, and it showed me how important reproductive health services were," she wrote.   i saw them at a car wash.   "i saw the new madrid team that ended up winning the semo conference championship," said wendel.   "is controls large and contiguous territory with a lot of freedom of movement," said charlie winter, researcher on jihadism at the quilliam foundation.   i screamed at the ship, tears rolling down my cheeks.   "i seen a gun and pepper spray," goolsby said.   is final fantasy x already being remastered for the ps?   "isil loves donald trump because he is giving them an opportunity to bring people their way," graham told reporters after his speech.   is increasing the minimum wage a good idea?   isis frees up to , prisoners.   is is not the only militant group to use children for these purposes, but "for is, it is a more distinct message because is presents itself as an actual state," tamimi said.   is it a huge deal?   is it a sign of cook wanting to further distance the company from jobs, or is it an avoidance of potential trademark issues, like the sort apple faced with british broadcasters over "itv?"   is it too early, too late or just right?   isn't there a rule that requires school districts to post positions for so many days?   israel acted similarly, with prime minister benjamin netanyahu visiting moscow this week to agree with putin on a coordination mechanism to avoid any possible confrontation between israeli and russian forces in syria.   israel has meanwhile again slammed the proposed deal.   israel israel arrests second jewish extremist israel has arrested a second jewish extremist as part of its crackdown on ultra-nationalists.   israel united nations hezbollah click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   is restraint too much to ask for the holidays?   i started my career in finance and have been finance director of six companies, for periods ranging from five years to ten days.   “i started questioning be hired as a face,” she said of endorsement deals pitched at her.   i started seriously playing video games in the late s, and i did it almost exclusively with story-based first-person shooters.   i stay away from creating my own list of analytics and big data vendors because i want the entire process to be % transparent to readers.   is that an effective route?   is that kind of citation having any positive impact on the homelessness problem we have?   is the apple watch's battery going to be a huge let down?   "is (the deal) perfect?   is there an example where it is known to have averted accident?   "i still can't believe what happened," thomas said.   i stole a carriage of my own and followed close behind, trampling pedestrians as i tried to keep pace.   i suppose the "why" is something the world of scientific research continues to chase.   i sure did like the practice in europe.   'i swear to almighty allah, blond people, there is no room for blame between you and us.   is your state a gas tax winner — or loser?   it actually cuts the other way."   it actually didn't take a whole lot of convincing to get him to say goodbye to society.   it adds that practices can gain up to £, by keeping to targets for outpatient attendances, follow-ups, a&e attendances and emergency admissions to hospitals.   it again called on the ministry to drop all legal charges against the people who entered the ministry’s building last week.   italian columnist and mafia expert francesco la licata wrote tuesday in the national daily la stampa that messina denaro is the last of the mafia bosses on the run for whom "it's worth the hunt," in terms of the huge "human and economic resources" needed.   "i talk about the mermaid's mirror and how as mermaids and mermen we have the power to create the reality of what we see in the mirror," syrena says.   "i talked to her about letting it go and she said, 'i can't forgive whoever killed my son.   it allows us to understand what people in thought about , and what they thought about as well.   it also acknowledges that the current way of testing "is outdated and the discrepancy does the industry no favours", while agreeing that real-world tests are needed.   it also arranged for him to visit the taipei zoo yesterday.   it also came out that the cosbys gave a gift of $,, which covers nearly the entire cost of the exhibit, ap reports.   it also can cause miscarriage, stillbirth, premature labor, and serious illness or death in newborn babies.   it also comes with a free app download every month, chosen by disney, which will include games and anything else not covered by disneylife.   it also costs more than some brand-new cars.   it also does not protect online transactions.   it also enlivened the large contingent of hazleton area students.   it also has four refineries, a chain of petro-canada gas stations and offshore operations in the north sea and off canada's east coast.   it also marks the final film in the illustrious career of philip seymour hoffman.   it also means that netflix shareholders received seven shares for each one they owned.   it also reflects a number of other problems in our political media.   it also shows an officer within that group getting out a baton and extending it near him, but what may have caused the injury is not clear in the video.   it also shows stars like seth rogan, james franco and jason segal getting their start in front of the camera.   it also temporarily deprived the mets and royals of their video feed of the game that teams normally use to determine whether to ask for a video replay review of umpire calls.   italy, brazil, australia and canada are also represented on their roster.   it appears oil prices might be on the upswing.   "it awakened america," said ernie allen, president and chief executive officer of the national center for missing & exploited children.   it bears a brass identifying plate which reads: 'executive mansion/ theodore roosevelt/ cmr.   it became a more tangible thing.   it became a question that plagued me.   "it became very clear to me that i'm bridging a gap in the system, and there's definitely a crucial need for it right now."   it called for stronger compulsory purchase order powers to allow councils to buy up sites "stuck in the system".   it came up in about minutes, but nobody understood fully what happened.   it can already be outvoted on regulatory issues by the euro zone if all members vote together as a bloc, which they rarely do.   it can happen to any airline.   it captures the essence of what you aim to achieve, the opportunities you have, and the threats that you face.   it claims amvic didn't investigate consumers' concerns properly and didn't compensate them adequately.   it cleverly plays on your emotions as a grandparent.   it comes from the latin hiemāre, "to winter," and ultimately hiems, "winter."   it comes three weeks after a similar report spoke of germany's "slow but steady" progress" with regard to the integration of immigrants.   it connects to devices via bluetooth.   it contains extracts from coix seeds.   it could be a sign that spring is on the way: for the second day in a row, a set of triplet goats were born at the canada agriculture and food museum.   it could be as simple as minutes spent going over last month’s cash flow and identifying major or periodic expenses coming down the pipeline.   it could be particularly difficult for the high-level employees to find similar work without another team expanding.   it could have been us," said julie burrell with first a.m.e. church, as people of many faiths gathered under the roof of her sanctuary.   it covers a lot of ground in its pages, but is concise and well written.   it cultivated an ethos of armed militancy that partly inspired organizations like the black panther party, the brown berets, and the young lords.   it currently enjoys an average on metacritic.   it defined terrorism as the organized and systematic exercise of violence.   it deprives us of our humanity and yours.   it did not give a cause of death.   it didn't end there.   "it didn't make me feel like i was human.   it didn’t take his bosses long to figure out what to do with him.   "it doesn't make any sense trying just to fight this trend.   “it doesn’t rule out our current search area if this were associated with mh,” dolan told the associated press.   it doesn't seem likely that the chinese government's proposal will pass. if the bill doesn't pass, then what?   it doesn't surprise me, but it still makes me sad.   it encloses the -square-kilometer old xi'an city center in a rectangular circuit.   it ends in abject failure of a kind that reminds one of the russian invasion of afghanistan.   it eventually came to rest at an angle in a dark ditch.   "it failed five times below its nominal strength, which is pretty crazy," he said.   it feels strange.   it fell tuesday to its lowest level in six years, losing $. to $. a barrel.   it felt like a gift from heaven.   it felt so incredibly freeing to share my truth in such a beautiful and simple form.   it flared up again on the steep slope early wednesday morning.   "it gets cold up there at night, pretty high elevations, so she survived not only the crash, then going through that.   it gives us more time, it's given people here more time to evacuate safely and it's meant that there's less water on the streets than there would have been if we hadn't had that defence in place."   "it got brighter and then disappeared.   it had been $. in ’s black friday weekend and $. the year before.   it had seeped through the doors and all of the crevices in our central plant and elevated up to almost inches," he said.   it had the same function as arabic in islamic countries.   it had tiny little balls attached to its legs, but they were not as well preserved and did not contain evidence of embryos, making it difficult to confirm that those were eggs.   it happened around : a.m. sunday near th and k streets.   it happens to per cent of the authors i know," she says.   it has also received significant sums from european funds.   “it has a very unique origin coming out of activism, the labor movement.”   it has been at the epicentre of a slew of scandals over the decades, writes hannah sander.   it has been difficult to study smelling behavior in children with autism because tests often ask them to describe odors, even though difficulty in communicating is a hallmark of autism, rozenkrantz said.   it has forced republican politicians to take a stance on whether president george w. bush committed troops to a war that was both costly and unnecessary.   “it has got to spur on us (in the league, starting at holmesdale on saturday).   "it has helped me get to this point, but i'm not done.   "it has only led to more deaths."   it has since gradually chipped away at is territory in the north of raqa province, where the jihadists' de facto syrian capital, raqa, is located.   it has the ability to bring people together and create peace, not just between tribal members but also within individuals themselves.   it hears from a -year-old woman who endured a miserable school life, who says: "people used to bully me for my looks, my skin colour..   it helped me to be able to do something positive — for people to be able to learn from my traumatic experience.   it helps keep the finger pointing to a minimum and the problem solving to a maximum.   "it helps people stand up for their rights and push back against corruption,” the president said, adding it "means ownership and self-determination, an opportunity to not simply be dependent on somebody else for your livelihood."   “it highlights the ability of is to act with impunity and it also demonstrates the impotence of the international community to respond to is atrocities.   "i think dennis is doing a good job," she added, before quipping, "he just made one ace."   "i think everybody is relying too much on these monetary tricks," munger said.   "i think folks are out there beating drums, and trying to stop the not-in-my-backyard process, you know, whatever you want to call it.   "i think he felt the walls closing in," armstrong said.   "i think he missed a volley - i hit a pretty good backhand back down at his feet, and i think he missed it wide," he recalls accurately.   “i think i’d make them a co-winner.   i think i'm going to do something else." photos: wdbj journalists fatally shot; interview subject wounded alison parker, , was described as a "rock star" by a colleague.   i think our group is ready to come out there and play our game, and we'll see what happens.'   "i think over the years i've earned the respect of my teammates, as someone who first got on the scene and wasn't internationally ready, and has just continued to put in the work," lloyd said.   "i think that culture will die with technology.   “i think the ball moved better,” atlanta coach mike budenholzer said.   "i think the market's trying to figure out if (friday's employment report) is going to move the federal reserve to act in september," said robert pavlik, chief market strategist at boston private wealth.   "i think the more the merrier in the primary," said sen. gary peters, d-michigan.   “i think these amnesty rewards, and that’s what they are, need to be stopped.”   i think they hear us.   "i think this is injustice to have so many people in jail."   "i think those people, they've got no life," said the world number . watson had earlier this week told the new york times that she and her family had received death threats online.   i think you can fall in love and get married and you can have a wonderful wedding, but then you still have to wake up the next morning and you're still you.   i thought it was unprofessional."   “it is a bit like it really does exist, isn’t it?”   it is, according to critics, part of an increasingly anti-immigrant rhetoric from the hungarian government.   it is a democracy that has been at peace for years, with a stable society and a high standard of living.   it is a further twist in the political saga over manston airport and is likely to be seen as more evidence that the ukip controlling group at thanet is becoming increasingly divided.   it is a joke, it is cynical.   it is also by drug use."   it is also home to thousands of working syrians, many of them employed in shops or as laborers.   it is also tempting to point the finger at farmers, as so much media coverage of the drought has.   it is also used to mean deadly, fatal.   it is also worth pointing out that the ptc system is designed to prevent a specific group of accidents, and that overreliance on the technology could potentially impair the overall safety of the system.   it is always worth arming yourself with all the facts, but ultimately vasectomy is the safest permanent contraception method on earth.   it is a mindset.   it is an area that pits the new foreign affairs committee chair against the foreign secretary.   it is an "integral part of the conflict and a very essential one," mccain told cnn.   "it is a priority as far as we set up the controls and we have the policies in place and if people aren't doing all the policies we try to address that," epperson said.   it is a slow cooked meat and vegetable stew.   it is a vast organization but does not have a website or public address.   it is a worldwide problem, and while it will not be solved overnight, we will work closely in partnership with the industry to help find some answers.   it is believed to be among the factions invited to a conference this week in saudi arabia along with western-backed opposition forces to discuss a joint opposition platform ahead of potential negotiations with the syrian regime.   it is believed to be a sowerby's beaked whale, but its type is so rarely seen that new england aquarium biologists "have been conferring to determine the exact species," aquarium officials said in a statement released saturday.   "it is beneficial for us to have asphalt to repair our already poor-conditioned roads, so if they were just be willing to work with us, we could possibly steer them to a better location," she said.   it is building a new campus on a -plus acre site at veneto street and san savino drive.   it is crushed and left on the skins for a few hours to increase the flavors.   it is described in the open access journal plos one.   "it is difficult and humbling to say that we need your help but we do."   it is due for global release in november .   "it is europe today that represents a beacon of hope, a haven of stability in the eyes of women and men in the middle east and in africa.   it is expensive but is well constructed.   “it is experimentation,” harvard university anesthesiology associate professor david waisel said in an interview.   "it is hard to tell how serious such talk is, but at a minimum it delegitimizes the parliament before it has even been elected," said nathan brown, professor at george washington university.   "it is important to remember what we went through here."   “it is important to study surgeons’ leadership styles because they influence how the team performs in this complex work setting,” co-author sarah henrickson parker of virginia tech carilion research institute in roanoke said by email.   "it is instead our task to determine the correct reading" of the law.   "it is ironic that there are no slave owners in prison, but three anti-slavery activists have been convicted for leading a peaceful campaign while the freedom of ngos may be quashed."   “it is like nazi germany, it is like the hutu and tutsi.   it is necessary to really work and to consider that these economic reforms are a priority, decisive."   "it is not accurate to use emission factors for a single year to calculate china's emissions."   it is not a surprise that when cbc news sat down with mayor bowman for a year-end chat, his temples showed a trace of grey, and there's a hint of dark circles under his eyes.   it is nothing more than discrimination based on where someone was born, and it's wrong.   it is not immediately an obvious choice for an assault such as this.   it is not teutonic in its bookkeeping, or in its urge to make people industrious.   it is not the government that reopened ert but the struggles of the greek people.   it isn’t that millennials don’t want to take work home.   it is owned by spain's riu hotels & resorts, which has more than hotels in countries.   it is part of a coherent ideological project.   it is part of the “it’s more fun in the philippines” tourism campaign featuring various themes, from sports adventure and ecotourism to history and culture, lifestyle and entertainment, and music and the arts.   "it is really helpful to have been through this before."   it is receiving state and local economic incentives, although mars didn't immediately disclose the amount of the incentives.   it is scheduled to be published july .   it is similar to the laksa from singapore, but the broth is more peanut-y.   it is sometimes called the country's overdraft.   it is suggested that there was a hate crime element to it, but i have no idea.   it is surprising that he has now been asked to join the cabinet and is very likely to be appointed a minister in the oil ministry.   "it is the act of depriving the next of kin of the body, and not the deprivation of organ or tissue samples within the body, that constitutes a violation of the right of sepulcher," judge eugene pigott wrote for the court.   it is the fact that most argentines clearly do not expect their government or its institutions to get to the truth, just as the and atrocities remain unresolved.   it is the first to have an internal armored capsule surrounding its three-man crew and a remotely controlled turret with an automatic loading system.   it is the main artery of a watershed that includes more than , acres and ponds and lakes on the eastern side of columbia.   it is the royals’ first division title since , when they won the al west en route to their only world series championship.   it is the safest place for a long-term investor to be."   it is this heresy that takes the unconditional love of god for all human beings, hijacks it and shreds it into pieces of human interpretation that bear no resemblance to the core teachings of the one god of christianity, islam and judaism as we know them.   it is to give support, to problem solve, to communicate.   it is totally full, and it's life-threateningly dangerous for women and children."   it is unclear how quickly a resolution can be found.   it is unclear how the -year-old was involved, but the sheriff's office said in a statement tuesday that she allegedly "assisted" in the killing.   it is unhelpful and smacks of repression to arrest editors and journalists on issues that are not criminal but is part of their legitimate work, in this particular case, to expose the rot in our society,” said ncube.   "it is very normal for any country to go after hostile elements and punish them and execute them."   it is very reminiscent of the interface in the standard youtube app, so you don't need to waste time learning how to navigate through a completely new system.   it is work but it's the best kind of work and there's no one i'd rather work with."   "it just kicks the can down the ro..   it led to the deportation of u.s. citizens, just like trump's proposal would, since it called for children of undocumented immigrants to be forced out of the u.s. with their parents.   it'll continue to test the systems aboard nasa's drone throughout the year, but don't expect to see the infamous uav hovering over your house anytime soon.   it'll not only render your phone's interface mostly or completely unresponsive, but silence all calls and notifications.   "it looks cool; it’s incredibly clear," he said in a tone suggesting a guess as good as any.   it looks very good for the future,” vertonghen said.   it lowers interest rates to almost zero percent and ventures into uncharted territory.   "it make no difference whether ottawa runs a surplus of a few billion or a similarly-sized deficit," said the globe and mail.   it makes a lot of sense.   'it makes for an unbalanced situation and is probably seen as a unfair voting," he told cbc's labrador morning on thursday.   “it makes me especially happy to beat someone like her,” schippers said.   it makes people conform.   it may be simply words, actions, or clothing choices, but when someone takes those things and acts as if they are their own, it can be pretty frustrating.   it may be that a weakened immune system allows parasitic cells to transform themselves somehow into cancerous cells.   it may have had the word conservative in its name, but that was all it was: a word.   it may not even be allowed, making wi-fi the preferred option.   “it may sound counterintuitive, but by opening up my life publicly, i’ve managed to live a very anonymous and private life.   it must have been at some point between the s, when the world experienced natural catastrophes, and the last decade, with its , storms, heat waves and flooding.   it needs a complete overhaul.   it never occurred to her to think this way.   it only attempts to raise awareness for the people who dismiss the difference in monthly earnings in february as trivial.   "i took a sip and blacked out," brown said at a press conference with her attorney in february.   "i took some scary swims (in a kayak) and just thought, 'i don't know, if i stay with this group of guys that i've grown in the sport with, am i going to be one of those statistics that dies on the river?'   "i took the chance and i made sure i entered the ground a little bit earlier to make sure i fatted it.   it organizes crews, permissions and filming locations for shoots.   “it paid off for chance.   it raises the question as to whether de-industrialisation can be reversed.   it reached us$. the previous day, the highest level since nov. . sterling was little changed at ￡. per euro compared with may , after the previous week’s gain.   it read: "it is with hearts full of sadness that we have decided to separate.   it remained to be seen whether the pronouncements carried the force of law.   "i truly am from hope to higher ground," huckabee told the crowd during his announcement.   'i trust their judgment' he says the concerns and wishes of local first nations groups must be respected.   “i try to take deep breaths.   it's a belief that abdicates the responsibility to think big -- taking it off the table almost completely.   it's able to accelerate from - mph (- km/h) in . seconds, and reach a top speed of mph ( km/h), all with a range of miles ( km) on a full charge.   it's about some very tough decisions that we have to make to recapitalize an air force for the threat years from now," gen. mark welsh, the air force chief of staff, said in january.   "it's a combative game played by combative people," fox said.   it’s actually surprising that the scammer would continue to interact with veitch for so long without losing patience.   "it's a desperately needed thing — volunteers," he said.   "it's a fantastic vetting mechanism for the terrorist organizations.   it's a financial windfall for any country that wins the rights to host it.   it’s a good idea to put signs up a few days before the sale to create buzz.   it's a good move on microsoft's part to do so, but i'm surprised that this issue didn't arise during prior testing; either while in beta or preview modes.   "it's a good person working on this earth, helping people without a voice and without a lot of power.   "it's a good start to the tournament and i hope it goes on like this."   "it’s a great place to bring up a family and to have a business, we’ve had a great career here, but like i say, you have to move on at some point."   it said domestic consumption in germany was the main driver of expansion.   it said, "employees may encounter some problems with a few systems."   it said gulliver, who moved to britain from hong kong in , had "voluntarily declared his swiss account to uk tax authorities for a number of years".   it said that chang, a close acquaintance of wang, had flatly dismissed the idea because a chu- wang ticket was not a winnable option and would not be welcomed by the majority of voters.   it said the therapy creates "major reductions" in their continued use of illicit street heroin, "major disengagement from criminal activities" and "marked improvements in social functioning."   it said the un report had "problematic origins" as its authors lacked experience of international humanitarian law.   it's aiming to boost operations of its own no-frills carrier, eurowings.   it’s a job that had gone uncompleted in too many previous games, a job that they allowed to get messed up via late drives by carolina, cincinnati and arizona, most glaringly.   it's a little frustrating because i know i have to play her."   "it's a little scary to go to the hospital, but he's in good hands here.   it's also more than the % who said so years ago, shortly after the million man march on the nation's capital.   it's also much safer, he said.   it's also not clear when a patch will land for other affected android devices, as these are carrier dependent.   it's also ready to handle today's formats, with a usb port, an auxiliary input and a headphone output for private listening or plugging into your stereo system.   "it's always an honor to have the first lady," colbert said in a press release.   "it's a matter of safety, not a matter of symbolic internationalism or anything like that," trusten said.   "it's a miracle that i am still alive," said hunter, claiming to be the commander of a military intelligence unit.   “it's a more difficult world than we grew up in.”   it's a must-have with any caribou or reindeer stew and goes well with some jam.   it's an augmented reality headset that allows the viewer to see holograms amid the real world.   it's an emotionally-charged disagreement that reflects the complex relationship between two politicians who do not completely trust one another.   it's a new bar with an old fashioned road house feel in the lower garden district.   it’s as hallowed as a /th-inch piece of plastic can ever be.   it's a solution that's easier for feedlot owners, better for animal health and, ultimately, safer for consumers.   it's as our old friend obi-wan kenobi once said: "in my experience, there is no such thing as luck."   "it's a stout, tough test.   it's a tough issue."   it's atrocious that we are doing this."   it's a very warm and friendly relationship," he told reporters in los angeles en route to anzac day commemorations in gallipoli, turkey.   "it saves time and improves the quality.   it’s a whole-food way to get important minerals in your diet, and you can even use your slow cooker.   it's a women-run direct sales network that distributes clean energy technology such as solar lights, mobile phone chargers and clean cook stoves to communities across rural africa.   it says the needless bureaucratic delays subject them to emotional distress and increase the odds of physical or sexual abuse.   it says two members also injured a man at a gas station the same day.   “it’s been a form of therapy.   “it's been a personal tragedy for you and your family but it cannot begin to compare with the grief of those who lost their loved ones,'' he said, as lai listened from the dock with his head lowered.   it's been brewing in the republican party for decades.   it's been claimed that the ecthr has developed "mission creep", expanding rights protected by the convention in ways its founders didn't intend.   it's been known for a long time that gourds like pumpkins are pretty healthy for you.   it's been running for three years now.   it's beer-thirty on wall street new york (cnnmoney) cinco de mayo is still four months away, but the company that sells corona and modelo in the united states, already has a reason to celebrate.   it's believed the two stores in saskatoon and one in regina employ several hundred people, although the company has never made precise numbers available.   its biggest fear is that faltering growth will lead to social instability.   it's called bar luce, it's in milan, and it's like an anderson film set rendered in real life, where you can sit at a vintage formica table, sip a campari on the rocks, and pretend you're in 's italy.   it's cold and he can't stop crying," she said.   it's compromised for me."   it scored $. million.   “it’s crazy, you’re watching black clouds and white clouds of smoke, there’s a ridgeline off to my right..   it’s currently at number in the jameson spelling and with an i. actor jameson parker was born francis jameson.   "it's definitely a huge goal of mine," she said.   it's easier than remembering a password.   it's easy to avoid, though.   "it seemed like a good idea."   "it seems it was found that he originally wanted to go to paris, heavily armed with several different firearms and explosives," wendt told german news station n-tv.   "it seems like any defendant may be able to give that as a defense to commit heinous acts of any kind.   it seems the market has overblown the luxe retail chain's fall from grace.   it's exhilarating to be unrecognizable, to feel different and unusual.   it's expected to be available in the forthcoming galaxy s smartphone, which will be introduced in early march at the mobile world congress.   "it's expensive out here.   its failures with the bat were more glaringly evident in a tournament in which teams have surpassed twice and times in matches.   its former mayor philippe moureaux is fighting in the media with its current one, francoise schepmans, over whose fault it is that the borough is creating, hosting and hiding radical islamists.   “it’s frustrating – i’m a professional interviewer whose job it is to get the absolute best out of people.   "it's fun to see all the americans here."   "it's getting more common," said fleischmann, a florida panthers forward who has now played almost four years since clots were found in his lungs.   it's glorious, and even when i was questioning nelly's decisions, there was something about the ambience that petzold created that kept me watching no matter what.   "it's going against your best friend and the greatest competitor, for me, in women's tennis, so it was really difficult for me today."   it's going to be a tough race all the way."   "it's going to be remarkably profitable and i'm sure they're getting the next film up and running," he said.   'it's going to expand their minds with its bacon goodness.'   it's good pr for the phone companies to fight for more clarification, citing the privacy rights of their consumers.   "it's great cocktail conversation," spicer said.   it's great for the morale of their employees and for teambuilding," blaylock said.   "it's his chair and he's there, but he's not.   it showed in the courtroom."   it shows what you do when you control everybody's housing, you control their savings, you control their jobs because you're the major employer, you control all the media," he said.   "it's huge," said hearn.   it simply said: "we were shocked, saddened and heartbroken by the news of the horrific and senseless murders in newtown.   "it's important to have the availability that people want."   it’s incumbent on us to ensure they stay and enjoy the camaraderie and ethos.”   it's in my blood.   "it’s inspiring their demand at retail,” wissink said.   it's is expected to have a ripple effect elsewhere.   "it's just a minor thing but it's very disappointing.   it's just not fair," feinstein quoted krzyzewski as saying.   it skipped over the harsh treatment meted out to many who opposed the russian takeover, including ethnic ukrainian activists or members of the crimean tatar minority, some of whom have been killed, are missing or have been driven from their homes.   it's licensed to catch antarctic toothfish, a prized delicacy often marketed in north america as chilean sea bass.   it's like for a brief moment a corporate account was run by someone with a sense of humor!   "it's like having your therapist with you at all times," said george koob, director of the national institutes of alcohol abuse and alcoholism at the national institutes of health, who was not involved with either study.   "it's like using a hammer to push in a thumbtack," kim said.   it's located in the people's united bank gallery adjacent to the museum.   “it’s maybe even more rewarding, because you feel responsible for a lot of people’s welfare,” he said.   its microsoft azure program, which is a competitor of amazon web services (amzn) and google compute engine counts kpmg and accuweather as clients which use the azure program for network support and storage.   it's more common among older people and in per cent of cases, it can be fatal.   “it’s my best shot.   "it's my democratic right to be here and to speak my mind.   it’s nearly the same story in no. austin, which saw strong increases in purchase applications and employment, but a tick down in the payment-to-income ratio.   "it's nice that boise state has been taken notice of and we've been selected as a university that can compete with what's out there in the us and the world," said mechanical engineering student deb french.   "it's nice to see someone normalize it, and not make it weird," said niles.   it's not a colour issue.   it's not a longitudinal study, which you would really need to confirm that.   it's not as if the blackhawks didn't have their chances before valtteri filppula tied the game at midway through the second period.   "it's not easy being a single mother and trying to juggle my career as a singer and raise my kids, but it's possible," said hasni, adding she wouldn't be able to do it without the support of her mother, elizabeth napash.   “it’s not easy in this situation to spot new players.”   it's not expensive and it could save you as a woman all the heartache associated with downstream effects, such as infertility and poor pregnancy outcomes," riley said.   "it's not just the number of accidents that has been on the rise.   it's not known how seriously the others are hurt.   it's not particularly fancy, and that’s kinda why i enjoy it.   it's not that layton's name has been absent from mulcair's campaign.   it's not that we are just finding this out now after he dies.   "it's not the population growth that is the problem - it's the extreme poverty that is the underlying reason," says hans rosling, professor of international health at the karolinska institute in sweden.   it sold nearly a million copies worldwide and also won a host of honours, including the writers' trust fiction prize, the commonwealth writers' prize for best overall book and the edition of cbc's canada reads.   "it's one of the great paradoxes of our time: the very technologies that enable us to do so much good can undermine us," obama said during his remarks.   it's over once you get angry or yell.   it's part of this master limited partnership accommodation where there was $ billion for sale at the end of the day, and that seller will be back.   its popularity hasn't abated, and its significance has risen from national dish to national pastime.   it spreads in the blood and shuts down the immune system, causing high fever, headache and muscle pain.   it's proper etiquette that will keep you from looking like you're selfishly using the other person.   "it's quite the chemistry they have between the three of them.   it’s really gonna add to that having him there.”   "it's really just a function of investors looking to protect their gains," said max breier, senior equity derivatives trader at bmo capital markets.   "it's really unfortunate when you have a vomiting three-year-old labrador.   it's recognizing that you both love your child more than what can be put into words.   its statement mocked france's air attacks on suspected is targets in syria and iraq, and called paris "the capital of prostitution and obscenity."   "it's still a public place, there were cameras there … at one point, i know that was a very private function, but it's not a private function anymore, and hasn't been for a number of years," he told cbc news on monday.   it's taken a long time to get here, but a few companies showed up at ces with some production models that are nearly ready to hit the market in .   its takeover quest began in , just after aer lingus was floated on the stock market by the irish government.   it stars amy whitcomb who was on "the voice," too.   it started making televisions in the s, but it wasn’t until the s that it became an international company and a leader in electronics production.   it's their fault for not talking to their neighbors," said fox.   "it's the only major pipeline that doesn't have auto shut-off," drude said.   "it's the perfect venue for the movie to open."   it’s the principle, you see.   it's the republicans with extremist views on these issues who have to dance around their real beliefs and avoid making outrageous and absurd statements such as embarrassing pronouncements about rape and pregnancy.   it's the second time in its history argentina has reached semifinals, finishing third in .   it's the year that flight times from europe to australia will be cut from hours to just minutes, but won’t be worth it because the great barrier reef will be "pretty ugly" by then.   it still wasn't enough for indiana (-, -), which has lost six straight, four of those to top teams, and consecutive games in this lopsided series.   its tiny population was swollen by tens of thousands of refugees fleeing so-called "ethnic cleansing" that uprooted millions of civilians on all sides of the conflict.   "it's too early in the process for me to comment about the nature of the charges or the facts in this case," he said.   "it suddenly hit me that this is the way to counter the evil isis," zaidi told the huffington post in an email.   it summarises the uk's new policy as accepting "thousands" of syrian refugees, and pledging an extra £m to improve the conditions of camps for displaced people in syria and neighbouring countries.   "it's unbelievable," said koepka, who finished at -under . "i didn't think i would work my way up this quickly, but playing the challenge and european tours led to this.   it's unclear when the next meeting about the monuments will happen.   it’s understandable workers might worry that, whatever the official policy, taking time off could put their standing on the job and future opportunities at risk.   "it's very easy to say i'm quitting, but if you put yourself in my shoes, i would like to see how you react," youssef said.   it's very rewarding to have personally contributed to where we are today.   "it's very stressful that there's not a canadian helping us.   it's widely known that the "islamic state" (is) has huge financial resources at its disposal.   it took a crew of eight people more than hours to create the six foot tall sculpture out of kilograms of chocolate.   it took a little while for each of them in their individual way to work through their issues with lisa, but they did.   it was a clear message to coach rafa benitez: it is time for you to go.   it was a day that solidified the belief that there would be opportunities for all citizens.   "it was a good performance by everyone," gaborik said of the kings, -- in their past . "after that fourth goal, we slowed down a little bit.   it was all of a sudden.   “it was all very horrible, but it could have been a lot worse,” fox said.   it was a satisfactory first campaign for pochettino at white hart lane, but no more than that.   "it was a season's best.   it was a shot in the dark, but an illinois police officer manage to separate two whitetail deer whose antlers were tangled together -- by shooting them apart.   it was a small, pretty little gray cat.   it was a steep, promising political career under kaczynski's guidance.   it was average!'   "it was a very harsh journey," he said.   “it was beautiful and it was the best experience ever.   it was classified a presidential site in and a presidential historic site two years later.   it was distant at first, but grew closer.   it was filmed in my house with a house full of crew.   it was gardecki's suv, which was completely torched.   it was his th goal this term. photos: messi and ronaldo: goals, goals and more goals april , – messi scores barcelona's opening goal of the - draw at sevilla.   "it was just as exciting to see our writers with their awards this year as it has been every year.   it was later revealed rcmp officers were never given evidence by the government to investigate the wrongdoing which was used to justify the firings, despite the government telling the public an investigation was ongoing.   it was like a scene from poltergeist.   “it was like the era of the silent films,” he said.   “it was more comfortable for her in a shelter than it would have been in her own home."   "it was never built for having people in there."   "it was no money spinner or anything like that," said ledochowski, who stopped distributing the image once mandela became ill.   "it was not ideally suited for a newsroom in the st century.   it wasn't clear which direction it was going or how many passengers or crew were on board when fire crews were called for assistance after a.m. toronto fire responded with a fireboat to break the ice.   "it wasn't defense.   it wasn't long before i told my friend, "we're giving up our seats."   it wasn’t the kind of things she wanted to feed to her growing children, but she didn’t have any choice.   it wasn't until the end of the pilot that we learned the doctor played by harry treadaway was victor frankenstein.   it was one of the most generous film tax credits in the country, whalen said.   it was part of the “chitlin’ circuit,” a collection of juke joints and clubs where black people could forget their difficult existence and enjoy themselves in the racially divided us south, jones wrote.   it was picked from six finalists, shortlisted last year among more than , entries from countries.   "it was probably not the wisest way to spend a honeymoon," pitt tells the publication.   "it was probably the most popular page in the magazine," said youngblut.   it was really hard and unpleasant at first, because it felt strange, just the two of us in one cell.   it was really shocking.   it was so amazing to get this message so quickly.   it was still raining when the landslide happened, the local weather bureau said.   it was the th straight win for the defending nba champs, and their - start to the regular season set an nba record.   it was the 's!"   it was the chain's biggest menu board increase in three years, done primarily in response to escalating food costs.   it was the complete opposite for canadian teammate james brown.   it was the first case since .   it was the first expression of regret by the strongman leader since tuesday's incident in which turkish f- jets shot down the russian jet on grounds that it had violated turkey's airspace despite repeated warnings to change course.   it was the first site of the sit-in movement in charleston in .   it was the first time eoannou has spoken publicly about the case that has been the source of intense speculation and rumor since early august, when kane was accused of assaulting a young woman in his waterfront mansion after they met at a nightclub.   it was their ninth win in games.   "it was the loss of not only my mother, but a good friend and a confidante, a keeper of my secrets," the -year-old said.   it was the make-up.   it was the the nd albatross on the european tour and fleetwood insisted: "i hit a really good drive, then we had to the pin with little down breeze and a little off the right.   it was uncompromisingly sex-focused, but also really social; just easy and relaxed.   "it will be a centre for learning," sanner said.   it will be the fifth school within the trust.   it will be the first time that south africa will play a four-test series in india.   it will be up to dawson to conduct a preliminary review to see if there are grounds to launch a formal investigation based on ravignat's complaint.   it will feature a pop-up makerspace to fuel your creativity.   it will guide everything we do in the coming years," he said.   "it will have a bigger impact going forward.   it will now be a financial communications and data services company, a multichannel communications management business and a printing business for magazines and catalogues.   "it will really be a spectacular moment," leal said.   it will showcase the works of french composers olivier messiaen and claude debussy, who were known for breaking musical boundaries in their day, while the other art forms respond to what they hear.   it worked once, and kendrick is talented enough to make use of it again.   it would be interesting to ask the same millennials in years' time: is it really true that you can have children and have a perfect career?   it would be one of the largest food aid operations in history.   "(it would) give the european space agency a device for testing astronauts -- for testing not only there and then but tracking their physiology over their long stays in space in zero gravity," he said.   "it would hurt alabama businesses and we feel like it would discourage economic recovery," alfa spokesman jeff helms said.   it would impose an arms embargo on the five men and "those acting on their behalf or at their direction in yemen" - effectively the houthi militia and soldiers loyal to saleh.   it would require california law enforcement to verify a victim's cooperation within days, unless the agency can demonstrate that the victim was uncooperative.   i've been able to leverage the lessons i've learned at previous companies and incorporate them into the foundation of joinem as we build the business.   i've been fortunate to be one of seventy business leaders chosen over the last eight years to participate in ey's entrepreneurial winning women initiative in the united states.   "i've been wanting to do this since i was years old, the day is finally here," cook said about the watch's ability to make and receive phone calls.   i've got a weakness for anything english, especially two-seater sport cars like austin-healeys.   "i've had a couple of those, and i like them," alvarez, the school's athletic director for the past years, said after being doused with a sports drink and carried off the field after stopping a four-game skid in bowl games.   "i've had tremendous support.   “i’ve never seen anything like this.   "i've never seen that, in my whole time as a political writer in alberta," simons said.   ivo just said, ‘now you kill her—kill her with your words.’   "i wanted a strong female lead in the story.   i wanted something that was going to kind of speak in the mode of where i’m at right now.   “i wanted the inner satisfaction that god and i acquired this collection.”   "i wanted to comfort her, to get there and tell her we were there, we were going to be there."   "i wanted to make sure our children had at least one parent," matthew james tells the paper.   i want people to see that reflected in the show.   i want to change the tradition at foster.   i want to do everything i possibly can to make positive changes through my music, through storytelling - whatever way possible.   "i was a compulsive, serial masturbator," the actor confessed, adding, "i utilized that organ and rode it for everything it was worth."   i was a nerd before it was even cool, and now i can make a pretty good living being one and teaching others to wear that title as a badge of honor."   "i was behind a banner so i couldn't see the attacker, but we understand it was a suicide attack.   i was called up to the german national team - that was really special.   i was excited about this restaurant, but after having a proven huckster and charleton in its kitchen, i am no longer interested.   i was extremely impressed then, and much more so after a week-long test-drive under more normal conditions.   i was fact-checking some figures, so i took the opportunity to verify his estimated quarter-mile time.   "i was here a few months ago and you were allowed to wait inside.   “i was just heartbroken, devastated…the gunman was in sensitive, senseless, and had no heart really,” pastor martin explained.   "i was never invited to anything.   i wasn't subjected to any particular hardship."   i wasn't used to seeing adults sitting on the floor," ozeki told the associated press in an interview in portland, where she spent a week as artist-in-residence for literary arts, a nonprofit that promotes literature and writers.   i was on the citizens general obligation bond committee and the glenn heights family fest planning committee.   “i was playing left when he caught one like that in baltimore.   “i was quite nervous when i did it because it is not something you do every day,” said becky.   i was thinking, 'i've done the big ones now.   i was too busy wallowing in sadness.   i was, to put it mildly, a very sickly child who turned into a very sickly adult.   i was very happy with him.”   "i was very pleased when that came along, because it had a spiritual context," he says.   i was worried."   i wear a couple wristbands: one commemorating the tragic event itself and one marking up the final funeral that i attended, a little girl who died."   "iwedia's software solutions and integration services, combined with conax security deliver a strong proposition for the market."   "i will be just as busy, but i'll be busy here at home and that, i think, is going to be the biggest difference."   'i will go' ghana faces economic problems.   i will not let (the central government) build a new base in henoko by any means."   "i will not sacrifice him to a public frustrated by historical mistreatment at the hands of other officers," o'donnell said.   i will work towards the united nations climate change conference in paris in november and december this year.   i worked in a hospital for a number of years - i've seen different medical problems and i've thought: what can we do to make things better for people?"   "i work with the best of the best because my kids have been through so much, and for them to want to still be in education and still learning, i really need to be there for them," winner dottie record said.   i would feel like a prude criticizing the science too much.   "i would have got a little more money, a few more ranking points and another trophy in my house but that sunday will be better for my future," said the world number . "by monday evening i knew the reasons because i had plenty of time to reflect.   i would like for my production company, wendy williams productions, to have at least two more projects next year and i would like to have a major creative or endorsement deal in the next year.   i would like you to force discussion on poverty in america."   i would love for you to take a look at it."   i would never do anything to break the rules.”   i wouldn't be the person i am today had i not experienced marriage and divorce."   “i wouldn’t close any doors.   "i would rather eat a very small quantity of the best-tasting animal than eat large quantities of the worst-tasting animal," he said.   i would say fair criticism.   i write one of those pretty much every time i visit a certain place to see a certain person.   jacksonville police identified the shooter as gawain rush wilson, who shot himself after the shooting.   jagr had his th career hat-trick, his first since march , , against the flyers while a member of the new york rangers.   jahlil okafor led the sixers with points and had seven rebounds.   jamal crawford scored points, and chris paul had points and assists for the clippers.   james forcillo show he arrived on the scene, yelled repeatedly at sammy yatim, , to "drop the knife," then opened fire after a -second confrontation.   james pointed out new churches, schools and public housing units that resemble quaint townhouses.   james was scrambling for a loose ball in the fourth quarter of a - win over oklahoma city when the -foot-, -pound all-star launched himself into the air, plowing into day as she sat next to her husband.   jamie irving, the vice-president and publisher of brunswick news, which owns the papers, could not immediately be reached for comment.   jan. — a message claims the islamic state group beheads japanese hostage haruna yukawa, a -year-old adventurer, after earlier demanding $ million for him and captive japanese journalist kenji goto.   "jane maclellan was a niece of hugh mills who originally acquired the display back in the late s.   janice neil, the associate chair of the ryerson school of journalism, said it's not the media's job to be nice.   january - joins fox news as a contributor.   japanese companies build percent of the composite aircraft, making it boeing's most outsourced jetliner.   japan limped back with a . percent expansion in the last quarter of , but the tepid data since and wednesday's tankan report are expected to push the boj into unleashing more stimulus later this year.   japan's tani had begun the day a comfortable three shots ahead of the pack but he repeatedly floundered at the santiburi samui country club under hot and humid skies.   japan, the world's third-biggest consumer of oil, reported monday that its economy shrank at an annualized pace of . per cent in the second quarter.   jason chaffetz not a friend of women jason chaffetz of utah, the third candidate in the race, also has a long record of anti-gay positions.   jason day and adam scott went from all square to up in just one hole.   jason day matches his hero tiger woods -- only men to reach under in a major.   jason seats, a managing director and partner of techstars ventures in austin, has one "simple and humble request of washington."   'jaws': the first summer blockbuster photos scheider, who was known for playing tough cops in movies like "the french connection," was cast against type as police chief brody, who is afraid of the ocean.   jayne ellen brooks, public relations director at sun, says the "my happiness" record is important because it gives fans the first glimpse of presley's impressive talent.   jaziri rallies to beat krajicek seventh-seeded malek jaziri of tunisia rallied to defeat austin krajicek of the us - (/), -, - in the first round of the claro open on tuesday.   jeanette was raised in north kansas city and lived most of her life there.   jeb bush's life photos bush waves to the audience at the tampa bay times forum in tampa, florida, on august , , on the final day of the republican national convention.   jenna talackova the canadian beauty queen made international headlines in when she was initially removed from the miss universe contest because she was transgender.   jenner's journey: from bruce to caitlyn photos linda thompson, who became jenner's second wife, accompanies jenner at the new york premiere of the movie "can't stop the music" in june .   jennifer morgan of the world resources institute thinktank said the streamlined text was a "strong foundation" for advancing negotiations.   jessica alba and rosario dawson are flanked by humberto leon and carol lim of opening ceremony at the brand's after-show celebration.   jessica chastain attended the "foxcatcher" premiere during the th annual cannes film festival on may in cannes, france.   jessica fuchs, , entered the plea monday in kitsap county superior court.   jessie recounted that she had attended school in the old schoolhouse, and that st. paul's church, part of the museum's compound of exhibits, was her church.   jet and ebony -- for most blacks born between wwi and the passage of the voting rights act in -- were to the growth of black social consciousness and political awareness what rain and sunshine were to a healthy farm.   jeter is working her way back from a quadriceps injury.   jets end losing streak with a bang as their hold on a playoff spot continued to slip away during a six-game losing streak, the winnipeg jets turned up the offence and rode four second-period goals to a - victory over the colorado avalanche.   jewel allison was a model and aspiring actress in her late s when she met cosby in the late s.   jibril ibrahim, president of the somali canadian cultural society of edmonton, said it shows canada must do more to address radicalization in its borders.   jim boyd, chairman of the council that governs the confederated tribes of the colville reservation, said the findings will aid the tribal efforts to rebury the remains.   jimmy carter attends church service after cancer announcement shows watch the day’s top stories and analysis to help wrap up your day.   jim nowaczewski, trumpeter and vocalist for phocus, is another person to thank as he was the one who has been urging richie to come back for awhile.   jindal is struggling to break through in the crowded republican field, and has not been on the main stage in any of the four gop debates.   joe swift, bbc presenter of the rhs chelsea flower show, said: "we can all make our streets greener and better places to live and take action against this growing concrete jungle.   joey feek had undergone surgery earlier this year to treat her cervical cancer that was being treated with chemotherapy and radiation.   johann van der merwe, president of the calgary flying club, says despite the charges, after an emergency board meeting the club is standing by hicks.   johnathan washburn, , allegedly hit a man on the head with a skateboard after he took a picture of his bizarre triple-mohawk hairstyle - landing him in police custody.   john cahill, ceo of kraft, noted that the new management would drive a "much leaner organization," as was the case when g took over heinz.   john d. sutter opinion columnist, cnn digital john d. sutter is an award-winning columnist for cnn digital and creator of the network's two° project, which aims to involve readers in climate change coverage.   john galliano – "i love hitler," was about the tamest thing john galliano said in an anti-semitic rant caught on tape in .   john hasn’t stopped working since winning series three.   john kasich's political career photos during a u.s. government shutdown, kasich, left, and sen. pete domenici, r-new mexico, speak to reporters outside the white house on january , .   johnny gill to perform at uncf's mayor's masked ball atlanta (ap) — singer johnny gill will perform at the nd annual united negro college fund mayor's masked ball.   john orlikow to "continue the practice of erecting barricades at key access points to the sunday/holiday bicycle routes to remind motorists that vehicle traffic is prohibited on these routes," was passed unanimously.   john percy said he has learned a lot from richards at his hockey camps, both on and off the ice.   johnson county, ky. (wsaz) -- flooding has ravaged parts of johnson county on monday, according to our crews on the scene.   johnson was born in new york and still has u.s. citizenship, despite leaving the country when he was five years old.   joined by russia's ambassador to austria, two night wolves laid a wreath at a monument to the red army erected by the soviets in vienna.   jon brewer, the director of a documentary on king narrated by morgan freeman, said that he learned "so much of his kindness, generosity and sincerity as a human being" when making the film.   jones first became aware of what was going on when he heard police sirens in the area, so he looked outside and saw some police vehicles and officers and the swat team with their guns drawn.   jones said police advised him to stay inside, keep the doors locked and draw the blinds.   jon stewart to sign off 'daily show' "you don't believe it for the first few hours," noah told the new york times from dubai, where he's on tour.   joseph neuberger is a criminal defence lawyer and senior partner at neuberger and partners llp in toronto.   josh donaldson and toronto native russell martin hit two homers apiece and devon travis added the other.   joshua betton notched , mark bradwell scored , and justin walker got . saturday the panthers swamped famu - with andrew reddick's points leading the way.   judge mark linehan will bring down his decision on sept. . comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   judge nancy orr will look at each ballot to determine if the votes are correct.   judge thomas has died the late judge william thomas.   juhs has a proud history of its competitive wrestlers claiming titles all the way to state championships.   julia fournier, of the more moderate school-based feminist club, says “the walkout turned out to be more effective.   julianna goldman reports on how the clintons are trying to break through the noise.   julie is a two-time michener-deacon fellow who has produced hundreds of original pieces of impact journalism.   july , - williams wins the wimbledon title for the th time, and is now on track for a calendar grand slam which has not been done since steffi graf in .   july , - isis launches simultaneous attacks on five egyptian military checkpoints, reportedly killing egyptian soldiers and injuring others.   jump into a cab and if you're lucky to be driven by a chatty taxi uncle, be prepared for a discussion on anything from international business to what's for dinner.   jumpstartfund refused to comment on musk's plans, but ceo dirk ahlborn said the company will know soon where a finalized test site will be located.   juncker called for a three-prong strategy of public budget consolidation, structural reforms, and investment-led growth.   june : smoke rises from a house that was deliberately set on fire by building crews near lake whitney in texas.   jungle funk, the r&b act featuring vocalist vinx and former living colour members will calhoun and doug wimbish, brings its dj-influenced grooves to the kennedy center's millennium stage. p.m. at f st. nw.   junior lucas goldman was the top finisher for needham with a second place finish at pounds.   junior lucy mason led the spartans (-) with points and senior jessica collins added . hawaii takes a two-game winning streak on the road when opening big west play.   jürgen klopp asks to leave borussia dortmund .. jürgen klopp has asked to end his contract at borussia dortmund at the end of the current season, according to reports from german newspaper bild.   just minutes earlier, also in jerusalem, two israelis died and at least were injured when two palestinian men shot and stabbed passengers on a bus.   just as russia has failed to find its place in the world since then, strelkov and men like him have failed to find their place in the new russia.   just beat a robot at beer pong.   "just call and we'll respond as we have the resources available," he said.   just google icon software.   just have to get out more.   "justice campaigners fear murderers, rapists and repeat violent offenders will be among those to be released on temporary licence," the paper adds.   just in: st. louis police release new information on today's deadly, officer-involved shooting.   just landed in vegas to see this.   just last week, three journalists were arrested for covering a planned opposition rally.   just like hockey announcers, trivett must learn the playing styles, history and bios of all the competitors.   just like the city, the design process for weapons and gadgets started with research, in an attempt to figure out what tech was plausible for this time in this alternate world.   "just like with the big discussion about raising minimum wage to $, there will be unintended consequences of this federal action," said michael varney, president and ceo of the tucson metro chamber.   just like your fingerprint, your voice has characteristics that make it unique.   just north of scotty's castle, a -yard-long section of a newly paved two-lane road designed to withstand severe flooding was lifted up by roiling water, then slammed down on a nearby boulder field.   just paste in a url in a separate paragraph to the page where you would normally view the media (like on youtube) and it will automatically be embedded into your comment.   "just saw rand paul on megan (sic) kelly show," he said on twitter.   just some of the crowds organiser john trickey, chairman of deal walmer and kingsdown regatta association, said: “it’s was brilliant “even the bit of rain that we had didn’t put anyone off.   just start early.   just watched is it possible for fifa to be reformed?   just wouldn't want to bore u," moore wrote in the exchange, which was included in the complaint.   jutting, a cambridge graduate, had worked for bank of america merrill lynch.   j., who co-authored the measure with sen. mark kirk, r-ill., and nine other democrats told obama in a letter that they wouldn't push the bill at least until the end of march.   k central your status?   kanawha county sheriff's department and the tyler mountain fire department are on scene.   kansas and vermont introduced similar bills this year.   kaplan: i think it did.   karen dabdoub, who is with the council on american-islamic relations, reacted by saying, "i understand that.   karri ramo stopped of shots for his ninth win of the season as the flames won their third straight decision.   kassasbeh's family had urged is to release the recently married pilot, with his father safi asking the jihadist group to show "mercy".   kate kralman, who shot the video of the max going through the water, was helping a friend load equipment nearby when she saw one light rail train go through the water.   kate lewis, who works in a supermarket across from the cafe, described the scene as horrific.   katherine hayes, director of health policy at the bipartisan policy center, says that for many hospitals, the move is in part altruistic.   kathleen hanna in the band bikini kill, famously scrolled the words “slut” in lipstick on her stomach, and would lift her shirt during concerts.   kathy kong, chief executive officer of beijing-based trading firm timing carbon, said the pilot markets still have a lot of room to grow.   katie steele said the incident happened july when she was returning from swimming lessons at sandy lake beach.   katu's brian wood talks with measure author anthony johnson and scott winkels, lobbyist for the league of oregon cities.   keep clicking on wsaz.com and wsaz mobile for the latest information.   keep clicking wsaz mobile and wsaz.com for more on this story.   keep costs down.   keep customers coming back: • build your mailing list by asking customers to share their contact info so you can stay in touch year ’round.   keeping it sporting, revelers donned mets hats or shirts in honor of the once-moribund new york team's place in the world series, years after it last clinched victory.   keep investigating!   keiji inafune spoke to gamespot earlier this year about the japanese game industry's culture of fear.   keith is a hardcore successful moocher and if that’s your game, i highly recommend booking a day with him.   keith richards: under the influence netflix is really into documentaries, in case you hadn't noticed.   "kelly has had really a complete transformation.   kendrick has tapped into the energy of the people, and the album was just divinely timed.   kendrick lamar today announced that his next studio album, now with the official title untitled, will see release on march rd.   kenneth white, , who attended the protest with his wife, tasha, , and two of their young children, said the family wanted to be there to demand that law enforcement be held accountable.   kenney said the killing had "nothing to do with combat," saying it was a case of mistaken identity on the part of kurdish fighters at night.   kenny was sentenced to months in prison, and has to pay £ ($,) in compensation and £ ($) toward costs.   kerry and zarif have met nearly every day since kerry arrived in vienna more than two weeks ago for what was intended to be the final phase in a negotiation process that began with an interim nuclear deal clinched in november .   kerry, however, stressed that the u.s. push was not aimed at russia.   kerry said at a news conference that u.s. officials, including himself and president barack obama, had been "deeply engaged" with french authorities almost immediately after the first attack occurred and had offered intelligence assistance.   keshia knight pulliam, the actress who played rudy on "the cosby show" from to , grew up on tv but has acted sporadically since then.   kessel and mates won’t play defense and you fire the coach.   kevin vandivier via getty images why do we leave him milk and cookies?   keyboard, although a little small than what i'm used to, feels excellent.   keyuajuk, who is originally from pangnirtung, came to yellowknife after being released from prison in august.   khazani also carried a luger semi-automatic pistol with extra ammunition.   kia-keating: my -year-old came home and learned the song before we had even seen the movie.   kick out with a straight leg and switch legs as you go for one minute.   kids who watch "sesame street" do better in elementary school, according to a new study by two economics professors.   kiev has complained that some of its gas went to rebel-held areas.   ki ki shepard and i have been friends for years and she asked me to be a part of this because she knows that i like to be active in the community, and i'm blessed with the brand of getting things done.   kim and her family stayed in an underground bunker for nearly five days after the evacuation order was made.   kim cattrall wows london critics in role as faded star cattrall and gross get raves for private lives sex and the city star kim cattrall has withdrawn from playing the title role in linda on the london stage due to an unspecified health problem.   kim lane scheppele met a youthful orban in and says she was struck by his charisma and intellectual power.   kim says it's important to her that her girls don't feel ashamed of their bodies but are aware that changes are happening.   kind of a devastating thing," he said.   king asked the jury to resist the natural inclination to seek a guilty verdict as response to the community's overwhelming grief.   kirka reported from london.   kirsten grieshaber contributed to this report.   kissinger was very hands-on.   klaus goersch, air canada's chief operating officer, said the weather was appropriate for landing.   kobane's regional government says at least % of the town has been destroyed.   köksal has reported on international stories developing in turkey, new york and washington, d.c., including the first inauguration of barack obama.   kole calhoun added three hits and four rbi and erick aybar also had three hits as the angels banged out as a team to stop a five-game skid, which started with two losses against the rays in anaheim from june -.   komo connected the camera's finder to its owner via skype.   koz: it's seven days in exotic locations on the planet, and every day and every night you get to see your favorite artists do their thing.   krajnc yells in the video to the truck driver.   kruise reddick, jordan hickmott, t.j. foster, travis toomey and brennan yadlowski supplied the offence for alberta while kurtis mucha made saves for the win.   kuma said wind made the conditions tough toward the end of the race as he finished alone in hours, minutes, seconds.   kung shot a , shin a and granada a . first-round leaders amy anderson and sandra changkija finished with par s and are in a tie for ninth.   kuo’s talent in this regard is astounding, not only because he’s been at it for years, but also because he’s been able to successfully telegraph apple’s plans even in the face of tim cook’s pledge to doube down on product secrecy.   "kurdish fighters are trying to encircle the jihadists and prevent them from advancing further."   kurd leader attacks turkey's 'safe zone' plan for syria a "safe zone" turkey and the us are creating in syria is an attempt by ankara to stop kurds from forming their own territory, the leader of turkey's pro-kurdish party has told the bbc.   kurds converted to islam early and fought alongside arabs in the crusades.   kuwait joins the crossfit craze cnn's sanjay gupta travels to kuwait where many people are swapping their unhealthy food for crossfit inspired healthy living.   kyle larson walked away from a similar accident in a race at daytona.   kyren is always happy and full of energy on monday morning when we meet!   kyrie irving scored points for cleveland, kevin love added points and rebounds, j.r. smith had points and james jones . the cavaliers won their second straight and improved to - in the second game of back-to-backs.   "l is a good position from which to monitor the sun, because the constant stream of particles from the sun (the solar wind) reaches l about an hour before reaching earth."   labour mp chris bryant will defend shows like strictly the number of bullying and harassment cases reported this year had fallen by %, it said.   la centrale was dissolved after the end of the civil war in and the commanders integrated into the army.   lacey continues setting goals and is specific about the next dream on her horizon.   lacker was a voting member of the federal open market committee this year but will not be in .   ladies and gentlemen, the nursing profession is acutely aware of what these trends mean for health care, the costs, and the added demands on the daily practice of your work.   ladue admitted that he was, but said that he didn’t want to talk about it in the storage locker.   lady gaga said in a deposition in that she believed fusari and starland, a singer and songwriter who wrote songs with her, had a verbal agreement to split their share from her career.   lagarde on moving past failure cnn's gabriela frias speaks with the imf boss about learning from the difficult experiences and empowering other women.   lagarde spoke about the outlook for the global economy in a speech entitled “three rosetta moments.”   laguens added that no wrongdoing by planned parenthood has been found in eight state investigations conducted since release of the videos.   laibach's gigs were part of the secretive nation's th anniversary celebrations of the korean peninsula's liberation from japanese colonial rule.   @lanabaybee who do you think you are?   langley believes the latest crash never should have happened because he claims in he asked the county to put a barrier in front of his home.   langley isn’t the first washington community to deal with this issue.   langlois pleaded guilty in january.   larger food companies said they have changed their usual order of business to build ties with natural goods retailers.   larimer had two.   last but not least, if you’re looking to avoid traffic or the crowds surrounding his first visit to the united states, the waze app is a must have for drivers or commuters.   last fall, her mangled left leg was finally amputated after doctors decided they couldn’t save it.   last month, shiite militiamen took control of key government buildings in sanaa, prompting us-backed president, abedrabbo mansour hadi, to tender his resignation and the militia to take over the government.   last month, the american underground partnered with san francisco-based code and google for entrepreneurs to bring aboard an entrepreneur in residence, talib graves-manns of rainbowme, to support minority led startups while building his own business.   “last night was an unfortunate incident.   last summer, she says, she had a healthy, happy daughter, and within a matter of weeks she was living every parent's worst nightmare.   last thursday, the probe transmitted a photo of markings on pluto that look like a whale's tail, near its south pole.   “last time i had paul auster and it was a disaster.   last week a judge in brasilia annulled battisti's visa and ordered that he be deported, ruling that he should not have been given residence in brazil because he was a convicted criminal in his country.   last week, more than , residents returned to their homes in tikrit, kilometers ( miles) north of baghdad, after iraqi security forces and allied militias recaptured the city from the islamic state group.   last week, the united nations general assembly finalized a new agenda for sustainable development.   last winter, more than four times as many students signed up for big bend’s learn-at-your-own-pace math classes, called “emporium math,” as traditionally-taught and online-only courses.   last year, a federal judge threw out a lawsuit brought by anwar al-awlaki's father claiming that because the victims were americans, the killings had violated their constitutional rights.   last year, i heard firsthand from a low-income, first-generation student at western washington university who borrowed nearly $, in student loans during her first three years alone.   last year ms james was acknowledged for her devotion, enthusiasm and tireless efforts for camp autism by being named the seasons community champion.   last year, ontario’s highest court set aside a criminal conviction on the basis of differing expert opinions about a particular hair-testing method previously used by motherisk.   last year, regional countries signed an agreement on transboundary haze pollution but calls for indonesia to do more had, until now, fallen on deaf ears, some analysts said.   last year's protesters wanted full democracy and for mr leung - who was himself elected by a committee of , people - to resign, but he repeatedly refused.   last year's rx iii was pushing the price envelope for a compact camera at $, so it will be interesting to see who's willing to pay even more for one.   last year, the us department of homeland security issued an advisory warning businesses to stay on their guard against backoff, a virulent pos malware strain which goes largely undetected by antivirus software.   last year warner bros. bought the rights from mojang to explore the possibility of a feature film.   last year, we were eaten alive by mosquitoes, so bring long sleeves and bug spray if you think that might be a problem.   late monday, activists blocked the entrance of a police precinct following the shooting and marched to an interstate highway, demanding authorities release video of the shooting.   later, in an interview with the fbi the same day, hilton said he started his travels in mykonos, greece, had a connection in athens, and then traveled to london, authorities said.   later in the evening, police announced they had made an arrest.   later, the airline added rates that offered more premium service and more airport hubs emerged.   latest australian news "it wasn't my fault, but i was held accountable, just like everybody else was." she said.   latest opinion polls underscored the electoral uncertainty.   lauren caitlin upton, miss south carolina teen usa a geography question posed to miss teen usa third runner-up lauren caitlin upton in yielded what might just be the most memorable – or at least memeable – televised pageant moments of all time.   laurent fabius, french minister of foreign affairs and president of cop negotiators worked in closed meetings and in larger bilateral meetings all of thursday and friday nights to revise the draft agreement.   laurie thompson, a giant panda biologist, said she and other staff had monitored mei xiang to see if she was strong enough to pick up the second cub on her own.   " law enforcement v privacy in the sights of john miller and others at the fbi are the tech companies who design systems which they cannot unlock.   lawmakers from both parties have criticized the -mile rule, which they say goes against their intention to put the needs of veterans ahead of all other concerns, including cost.   lawmakers on both sides of the aisle expressed frustration with what many said was the obama administration's "resistance" to providing weapons to kiev despite increased russian aggression.   law office of steven c. haney e-mail: email us here website: visit our website blog: visit our blog if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   lawrence manages moments like this throughout, her interior struggles as they pertain to all katniss is experiencing glorious first scene to last.   layoffs began on tuesday last week, with the factory’s remaining , workers offered severance pay of up to months of wages and other bonuses for last year, the report said.   lead author lisa jahns said that one sunday, as she was planning her weekly shopping trip, she noticed that many of the foods advertised in the supermarket circular were not what she was looking for.   leaders of the naacp appealed to minneapolis police on thursday to exercise restraint in dealing with protesters.   leading the pack is the new britain rock cats' new britain stadium, followed by the tulsa drillers' oneok field, the biloxi shuckers' mgm park, the pensacola blue wahoos' pensacola bayfront stadium, and the erie seawolves' jerry uht park.   leading up to its ipo, the company signed a handful of anti-piracy agreements with luxury brands and industry groups.   leaked photos posted on social media sites — combined with the political influence of israeli nationalists monitoring the site — drew extra attention and fueled the latest controversy.   learn about pr newswire services request more information about pr newswire products and services or call us at () -.   leaseholders of single-family homes have filed a claim in federal court, saying the musqueam are asking for an average increase of $,, which they say is out of line with what a previous court decision deemed fair.   lee laid out a vision to transform samsung into a high-end manufacturer and global brand.   left her bruised and battered by the road.   leftists pretend israel hasn't made concessions to the palestinians, overlooking the often deadly consequences of the oslo peace process, the southern lebanon withdrawal and the gaza disengagement.   leigh weingus healthy living writer at the huffington post christopher ames via getty images what once served the sole purpose of tracking steps is now a fashion statement.   lenovo has detailed how its laptop, tablet, and desktop customers can get their windows upgrade later this week.   leo messi and his management team are also very excited to launch leo messi footbubbles.   less expensive but just as respectable is the colorful, wayfarer-esque razzle max from dimensional optics, which cost $ on amazon.   less than two decades later, the ice is considered too thin by early may for a plane to land.   l'etape du tour, july , james masters is a sports journalist who has traveled extensively covering some of the biggest events on the planet.   "let's face it, it adds to the excitement, it adds to the drama.   let's face it: you can't force yourself to commit to a diet that doesn't fit your lifestyle.   let’s remember abortion and fetal-tissue donation are legal.   let’s run through the arguments.   let’s stay united in sorrow, but also in hope for happier — and always fraternal — days,” it said.   let's wait for better days, let's wait for better results and i trust they will do that."   "let the polytheist houthis know that the soldiers of the islamic state will not rest and will not stay still until they extirpate them," the group said in a statement posted by supporters on twitter, claiming responsibility for the attacks.   let us all hope bush can paint more deftly than he can pronounce "nuclear."   level founder bill bennett said he expects the co-working craze to continue to grow as more people become frustrated with traditional office environments.   lewis, also a playoff loser this year at the ana inspiration, had a . “this feels amazing,” ko said.   lewis said, “i don’t think we even realize how powerful it is.   lg has something similar with webos software developed by smartphone pioneer palm.   liberty sophomore aimee fehr of louisa, virginia, said carson “is extremely popular” on the campus, founded in by the rev. jerry falwell sr., who also led the moral majority conservative movement.   life-threatening diseases go undetected in some cases.   liftoff on apollo ," king announced on july , .   lighter fare consists of a selection of burgers and sandwiches, including a lobster roll.   lightning started the crescent fire on august . a week later, the fire jumped a containment line and started its march toward the highway and diamond lake.   "light — your family, community and friends.   like a giant blur?"   like all of the government employees who have testified so far, borg wasn't at the table when the suicide prevention strategy was drafted.   like a nail that refuses to be hammered down, the dwelling is one of many "nail houses" that have sprung up in china as some homeowners resist development of their land or hold out for more money.   “like a rapper mystikal, who was big in the ’s, was charged with aggravated rape and he served four years and after that no one really heard from him.”   like calmac, argyll ferries is owned by the state-owned david macbrayne group.   like, follow and heart us as you desire!   like follow subscribe follow share on facebook tweet share share pin share last year, we stayed up all night and watched house of cards' second season in its entirety from the moment it first became available, at :am et.   like georgakarakos, korina attart was planning to vote no.   like in neighboring estonia and lithuania, the issue has sparked debate over whether accepting even a relatively small number of people from foreign cultures can harm latvia's security and national identity.   like last time, chicago came away with the two points.   like many of his teammates, kearse plays with a chip on his shoulder, motivated by the lack of perceived disrespect he and his fellow receivers get from the public and opposing teams.   like many other millennials, i got married “later” in life (age ) and my wife and i have no children.   like marcel proust tasting that little cake, the madeleine, my cup of finca la soledad urrao brought it all back.   like millions of other older americans, he owns an investment portfolio that includes a bank savings account and certificates of deposit, for which returns have withered since the federal reserve cut rates to near zero in .   like most every other volkswagen from that era, this one is powered by an air-cooled four-cylinder engine mounted in the rear.   like most leaders, i have a massive list of tasks and projects, but i try to create a sub-list only of activities i want to complete that day.   like the library, many organizations have had to look at what short-term roles they can create to make room for these student volunteers, says volunteer canada's speevak.   "like the original, the new series will feature homemade robots battling against each other in a single-elimination, tournament-style format, until there is one champion," according to deadline.   like the parrot.   like the xperia z line, the xperia z will also support playstation remote play.   lily and i were in new york doing promotion.   limited-time deal sites have also been in the spotlight for poor quality products and special offers from small businesses that don't seem to exist.   linda shaheen is the clinical and laboratory coordinator for the medical diagnostic sonography program.   lindland says betabrand's bike-to-work jacket, with reflective panels, is another example of converting athletic fabrics into professional wear.   lindsey says one day, looking through the blinds, the dogs barking.   lindsey vonn won the world cup downhill title for the seventh time after winning the last race in the discipline on wednesday at the season-ending finals in meribel, france.   lin shin medical corporation hospital department of surgery head chu shun-tien (朱舜天) said some individuals might have a stronger body odor that offends others, but, body odor varies between individuals and body odor is not an illness.   linux serves as the basis for the android os, and even microsoft — once so resistant to linux the company filmed a parody of “the matrix” in which they poked fun at it — has come back around.   liss-riordan said her lawsuit doesn’t endanger uber.   listen to the full interview: royal alberta museum closes doors after years: click here for a full list of planned events.   listing from -- to -- china’s industrial profits drop most in two years russian panic buying extends to tokens airasia victim with life jacket on raises questions on crash a pyongyang race?   liu called for an independent investigation and said it was, "the biggest loss of life for our organization in an airstrike."   live-streaming apps like periscope are the new google glass -- a scary and unknown new frontier of legal and ethical issues.   live toronto more streams see the new look we're trying in beta » make way for santa: road closures and ttc diversions this weekend santa's got his parade route.   living ink kits are expected to ship in march .   liz banks has asked for a hearing contesting the will's validity.   lloyd’s goal in the rd minutes was the fastest ever scored in a final.   lloyd, who describes himself on twitter as “personal confidante to the prime minister of canada since january , ,” changed his profile tuesday to read “former candidate.”   load more authorities in new york city said they received the same threat but quickly concluded that it was a hoax.   load more londonderry, n.h. (ap) — the latest from the new hampshire education summit, where six republican presidential contenders were scheduled to answer questions about their views on k- public education in interviews with advocate campbell brown.   local media said prosecutors have looked into the case, but the group did not comment when contacted by afp.   locals gather near a flooded road after heavy rains in copiapo city, march , .   locals have taken to alternating who travels to lemnos with other residents' bank cards to withdraw euros each for everyone.   locals include wesley jerilla, , who moved to the neighborhood in the s after developing an addiction to substances as a teenager.   located at the bottom of the spiral staircase, the exhibition room is almost perfectly silent save the sounds of other visitors.   logan reed said he and brock, his tent mate, were among those who couldn't get out of their tents.   log in with your social account: or, you can log in or sign up using forbes.   lois and david tom, who are both in their sixties and who had also made the ,-kilometre (,-mile) journey from the californian city, were beginning to feel the pace.   long also helped himself in the frame picking off gustavo nunez for the first of two pick-offs on the afternoon.   long before britney spears or beyonce landed lucrative endorsement deals with pepsi, crawford filmed the still-iconic commercial in .   long queues of people have been waiting to access their cash, despite daily limits of euros (about $).   long surgeries or complicated surgeries using hundreds of sponges may result in a miscount.   look for a display that is easy to read and controls that can be worked with one hand, useful features ipods lack.   "look, i'm pretty convinced that my views on this are the right views for sustained economic growth," bush said at a business breakfast in greenville, south carolina.   "looking at the numbers, they would have trouble winning a single seat."   looking back that may have been wise - although i don't think it was the coalition destroyed the liberals it was tuition fees (it was charles kennedy who originally proposed the scrapping of them).   look into nearby charter schools and magnet schools.   lopez knows things are changing in the caribbean.   lord & stephens, danielsville, is in charge of arrangements.   lost in los angeles star photographer thomas struth captured the power of memories at villa aurora in los angeles, where many german artists found refuge during world war ii.   louise jones, environment health team manager for bournemouth council, said: “the investigation and microbiological testing is ongoing, with the aim of pinpointing whether the potential source or sources was within the hotel.   louis gee's pizza manager joanne summers said many of their customers are people who "stop and go" in their cars.   louis kuijs, an economist at oxford economics, said the gdp data indicate china has avoided a sharp slowdown.   love immediately sets you up for its sexual frankness; what it doesn’t prepare you for is how terribly boring it is.   low-income schools can apply for transportation grants through every kid in a park, as well.   lucas pratto of atletico-mg has , followed by jadson of corinthians with nine and alexandre pato of sao paulo with eight.   ludvik skalicky, a downtown eastside activist, says several residents are looking for new places to live.   lufthansa, germany's flagship carrier, said , passengers would be affected by its cabin crews' walkouts.   lufthansa, which also owns swiss and austrian airlines, has embarked on a massive reorganisation, farming out much of its domestic and medium-haul services to its low-cost airline division, germanwings.   lured by the promise of america, eilis departs ireland and the comfort of her mother’s home for the shores of new york city.   lz: say yes to two years of free college obeidallah: is it ok to joke about religion?   macdonald says tynes's bail is justified.   macedonia obtained eu candidate status in , but is yet to begin accession talks, partly due to opposition from greece.   machines are just machines.   madison, meanwhile, has taken on the cause of sexual health on social media as her own.   madobe also echoed demands from other regional leaders for a larger share of resources from the central government in mogadishu and the african union peacekeeping force amisom to fight al shabaab.   maduro draws parallels between washington-backed dictators during the cold war and lopez, a u.s.-educated former mayor who is married to a former kitesurfing champion.   magazine apps might finally reach their full potential on a device that more closely mirrors the dimensions of a print issue, and where images and design elements have a chance to breathe.   magma remaining underneath the crust is propelled upward, just as pus seeps out from under the skin after a pimple bursts, and floods the landscape as lava.   magnezy wants reforms that are good "political" and "policy" moves, saying, "i'm not naïve, i want something that will actually work."   mahela jayawardene of sri lanka is run out by michael clarke of australia during a cricket world cup match sunday, march , in sydney.   mahmud was also a prominent critic of islamist militant violence.   mail: stunning serena proves jk rowling was spot on!   mainly because i could include sworn it was not the just the same the former every so often old-fashioned i was here…unless i am theory of a distinguishable trap site.   maintaining unity is crucial for diplomatic efforts to push russia to uphold the minsk peace agreement and end the ukraine conflict, which has killed more than , people since april , according to the united nations.   major go transit disruptions meanwhile, there are additional disruptions this weekend on the go trains along the lakeshore west line, which will only run between mimico and aldershot stations.   "major league baseball is in the process of re-evaluating all issues pertaining to fan safety, comfort and expectations."   "make no mistake, louisiana is a deep red state and our republican brand is strong," villere said in a statement lamenting a "disappointing result in the gubernatorial race."   making a little bit more effort as part of a communal effort to love and appreciate each other a bit more, even if it is just for one day, can never a bad thing.   making matters more complicated?   malaysian prime minister najib razak said monday that the plane was last tracked over the middle of the indian ocean, west of perth, australia.   mamaw is their deceased father's mother and is the owner of sea breeze, their summer home.   mandela's influence was certainly not just limited to south africa.   mangold and ferguson have nine pro bowl appearances between them.   manifesting, to many, is just another new age buzzword.   'manifestly inadequate' the court was told food safety records had not been filled in so mcsweeney, who had worked at the hotel for years, concocted a plan for her and kaya to falsify them.   manila archbishop cardinal luis antonio tagle, known for his baritone, is one of the crooners.   manning once likened obama, america's first black president, to adolf hitler and has frequently said the president is secretly gay.   man. they said that lockette is responding so i’m just glad he’s ok.”   manufacturers are peddling protein in anything edible.   manufacturers such as xiaomi corp (小米) customize their own version of android, while baidu inc (百度) and other internet players in china run app stores that do not share revenue with google, according to the journal.   many church leaders can attest to his role in facilitating their personal growth and the growth of their churches.   many delegations have teams of lawyers that analyze every syllable for potential hidden meanings.   many don't even talk to their parents about it.   many egyptologists believe tutankhamun was akhenaten's child with his own sister kia.   many endeavors begin with energy, verve and excitement.   many killed in attack on tunisian beach resort dozens have been killed in an attack on a hotel at the tunisian beach resort of sousse.   many nations are reluctant to do more because of the short-term economic benefits of relying on fossil fuels for energy, cutting down rainforests or other actions that lead to greenhouse gas emissions.   many offer generous equity packages of restricted stock units that can later translate to big paydays for employees if the unicorn goes public or is sold — a lure that neither google nor any other public tech company can dangle.   many of the arrivals are rohingya, a stateless muslim minority from myanmar described by the united nations as one of the most persecuted minorities in the world.   many of them are certain to be granted important committee assignments and touted by the leadership as evidence of vastly improving gop fortunes.   "many of them know someone - a friend, family member or co-worker - who lost everything.   many of the new arrivals come from muslim countries such as syria, iraq, afghanistan or pakistan.   "many of these small groups just can't afford the cost of some of the expensive spaces in town at the larger theatres.   “many of the skilled trades and line jobs once associated with the automotive industry disappeared after the recession,” lowisz told mainstreet.   many of the u.s. measures "were groundless and wrong," chinese commerce ministry spokesman yao jian said on oct. . both sides need to "recognize the dangers of trade protectionism," warns chinese academy of social sciences economist zhang xiaojing.   many of the wounded had glass or shrapnel cuts, skull injuries or fractures, wang siaojie of teda hospital said.   many of us give money to help those in need.   many people already have made up their minds on the patriots legacy and this doesn’t really affect that.   many republicans, including mike huckabee and rick santorum, have avoided taking a position on the flag, though jeb bush highlighted his role in removing the flag from florida's capitol in .   many said perry played hardball politics to force out county district attorney rosemary lehmberg, a democrat, after she pleaded guilty to drunken driving.   many seos will try to sell you on keyword rankings.   "many should take the opportunity to be a part of that minority that will lead the charge to a change," he added.   many smartphone applications are unsafe, leaking private data or sending or storing it in risky ways.   many students and staff believe that the hku council is controlled by pro-beijing members.   many tech companies boosted their use of encryption following the information made public by edward snowden showing that u.s. surveillance programs had broad access to private communications of americans and people around the world.   many were abandoned at sea by their captains following a regional crackdown on human trafficking networks.   many years ago, i was on ellesmere island in canada with my colleague david mech. there were wolves living on the island, and employees at a weather station there had been feeding them every day.   many young people do care and engage, it's just not always in the traditional ways.   ma raised the issue with xi on saturday.   marathon said his track record extends to upstream operations in the asia pacific.   march - most u.s. troops leave haiti.   march , - is appointed by baseball commissioner bud selig to investigate alleged steroid use by major league baseball players.   marche said another benefit is that the material is always there online for people who want to refresh their memories or access the materials in installments.   march should be a great month for spotting planets for skywatchers, weather permitting.   marco rubio, a u.s. senator from florida who is widely expected to enter the republican race, cast the law as a shield against religious discrimination.   marco rubio, right, and jeb bush, argue a point during the cnbc republican presidential debate at th … bush's team conceded that rubio had a strong night.   marcus stroman's sister incorporated the bat flip into her kindergarten classroom.   margaret warholm lived at santa maria senior citizens home in regina until october .   margin debt’s downtrend is bearish, according to research conducted by norman fosback, the former president of the institute for econometric research and current editor of fosback’s fund forecaster.   "margin financing is simply overextended," said dickie wong, executive director of research at kingston securities in hong kong.   maria guadalupe martinez pts good news thank you for the share eyewitness news - bakersfieldnow pts update: police report that this man has been found.   marichal had the high leg kick, cueto’s motion is la mecedora, the rocking chair.   maricopa county attorney bill montgomery previously said arizona's terrorism laws enacted after / focus mostly on protecting public utilities from attack and would not apply to the freeway shootings.   marieve macgregor has written a dark comedy about her experiences with visual impairment.   mario macilau photographed children who are growing up on the streets of mozambique some have been abandoned; others are working to make money for their families (cnn)many of us travel through streets each and every day so we can get to our homes.   mark adomanis contributor images photos: inside moscow's hotel ukraine kenneth rapoza contributor please log in or sign up to comment.   mark danielewski joined me by phone to talk about what goes in to a project of this size, what it's like to spend a decade working on it, and even the possibility of a house of leaves movie.   market data provided by interactive data (terms & conditions).   market for local veggies, crafts moves to larger remodeld space on adams street.   market indices are shown in real time, except for the djia, which is delayed by two minutes.   mark randall, chief customer officer at bulletproof, said in august that the new proposals were long overdue.   mark your calendar with uppercut, saturday july th, @ the dive in. showtime is pm.   marriage between a man and a woman was established by god, and no earthly court can alter that.   marshall says he would not hesitate to administer the needle.   marshall wrote that the error was also overlooked by the company's proofing process.   mars one is planning to send its first crew off to the red planet in .   mars opportunity rover photos mars opportunity rover photos the mars opportunity rover (computer visualization).   martineau was among a group of pre-teens mayer coached at canada olympic park.   martin said he was also "really, really nervous".   marvel, however, has found itself under incredibly scrutiny both for its treatment of its female characters (fans have been clamoring for a black widow movie for years at this point) and for more diversity behind the camera, as well.   marvel made the announcement via the latest diamond retailer calendar, putting the above cap vs. iron man splash page on the april page.   mary beth reynolds, “i'd like to put to work my expertise and -year history at personnel resources to help find more jobs and bring more industry to our community.   masha used to be a hairdresser in luhansk.   mass shootings renew terrorism fears, debate over guns in the deadliest mass slaying in the u.s. in three years, a heavily armed married couple opened fire december on a holiday party in san bernardino, california, killing people.   material options include leather, ballistic nylon and a "soft grip."   materials marked as "pr" and "advertising" are considered as advertisements, and all responsibility for them lies with the advertiser.   mathews got a reprieve on when shah dropped him off left-arm spinner zulfiqar babar and went on to score off deliveries, including eight boundaries, before being trapped lbw by shah.   mathews hit a glorious to lift his team to a strong position before india turned the tables after a barren morning session.   mattel has also licensed the hot wheels concept to warner bros. (twx) for a possible movie.   mattheus covered the bag, but could not catch the toss and asche came around to score.   matthew brinckerhoff, the lawyer representing james, argued that the records were essential for lawmakers across the state seeking broader reforms to the grand jury system, which has come under scrutiny since the decision not to indict pantaleo.   matt strauss, real estate and marketing manager for the madisonville community urban redevelopment corp., said the neighborhood had until friday largely avoided an uptick in crime reported in cincinnati as a whole.   mau's experience includes being part of the first all-woman combat mission in afghanistan in .   maximum temperatures expected today: kingston: degrees celsius.   may - during his first official visit to the united states, harry visits ground zero and leaves a wreath of flowers with a signed note.   maybe even more so.   maybe he will himself make a re-evaluation," bozkir told a live television interview.   maybe i’m missing something, but that just seems more than a little hypocritical on the part of linkedin, considering that bush’s post did a fair amount of hilary clinton and barack obama bashing.   maybe it’s time for the usps to pair up with an airfreight company and turn itself into a global package delivery business, just as deutsche post and japan post have done.   "maybe this is an opportunity where the holy father can privately raise concerns.   maybe we should talk -- and start to look at the less obvious differences among other parts of the state that are emerging with little notice.   "maybe we were a little bit naive to think we could go into an area that is not necessarily known for diversity and think that nothing would happen,” allen said.   maynard was dying of brain cancer and documented her final weeks in widely viewed videos posted online.   mayor brian bowman, wearing a pink shirt on pink shirt day in support of anti-bullying programs, listens to arguments by cupe that more snow clearing should be performed by city workers.   mayorkas is now dhs deputy secretary.   may the next drought not find us like voltus v, destroyed and thirsty, raising an arm to draw our majestic sword..   mayweather said last month that he's ready to make the fight happen may . asked tuesday if that date can finally be the one, pacquiao -- who has said it's time to give boxing fans what they want -- nodded and said "yes."   mccain said while it's "probably appropriate" to debate a new authorization of military force, it's also "not absolutely necessary" to pass a new aumf.   mccrea’s trial begins in early august.   mcdonald's has taken its lumps as the company attempts to refresh its image and management.   mcdonald's worker adriana alvarez said she plans to vote for the first time next year, but only for a candidate who wants to raise wages to $ an hour.   mchugh said this is among the most important questions for a worker: “what is their weekly benefit going to be, and how much of their prior wage is that going to replace?”   mckay's offensive rebound total matched the most by an iowa state player since the - season.   mcnabb, a -year nfl veteran and six-time pro bowler, could not immediately be reached for comment on the test results.   mcneil added that he's encouraged by the progress the cline group has made with the donkin mine.   m.d. of foothills (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) some homes west of millarville in southern alberta were temporarily evacuated because of a grass fire friday.   meaning, it might actually work.   meantime, the u.s. department of justice announces the unsealing of a -count indictment detailing charges against people for racketeering, wire fraud and money laundering conspiracy.   meanwhile, a glimmer of hope for syria's civil war, as america's top diplomat says a ceasefire could be on the horizon.   meanwhile, amongst this tomfoolery, the people suffer!   meanwhile, a separate investigation led by the swiss authorities into how the and world cup were awarded has also started.   meanwhile, as the smoke clears the ribbons wave a message of love reading, “lost but not forgotten.”   meanwhile, a syrian military source said troops were also advancing on kweyris military airport east of aleppo, which has been under siege by is fighters.   meanwhile, city comptroller scott stringer's office has pursued a strategy of settling major civil rights claims before lawsuits are filed, cbs new york reported.   meanwhile, closely watched economic data showed business sentiment and factory orders falling sharply.   meanwhile, companies slashed investments out of fear of the leftist government.   meanwhile, democratic frontrunner hillary clinton has a team of full-time organizers.   meanwhile, enhanced collaboration with organised criminal groups - themselves a growing security concern - is allowing al-shabab to diversify its income.   meanwhile, german cup winners wolfsburg pick up three points at home courtesy of a first goal from their big summer signing.   meanwhile, his son andy has chosen a twist on a saskatchewan classic — sweet potato and bacon perogies.   meanwhile, members of numerous biker clubs affiliated with the angels are parading their colours.   meanwhile, security in the capital city remained tight.   meanwhile, some of trump’s supporters are trying to get kelly barred from moderating future republican debates.   meanwhile, the dbh's k zombie campaign has a youth prevention leadership pool, in which they have youth volunteers help educate their peers about the dangers of synthetic marijuana.   meanwhile, the united nations world food program said it is rushing food assistance into anbar to help tens of thousands of residents who have fled the latest fighting in ramadi.   meanwhile, users looking for a more affordable fitness tracker can always purchase the brand new up that costs just $, which is available right away.   measures that would make life easier for ordinary workers -- guaranteed health care, unemployment benefits, minimum wage laws -- are all opposed under southernomics because they make workers less dependent on their employers, lind says.   mechler, a businessman from amarillo, was recently elected the new texas gop chairman.   medfield actress signs on to new movie role uzo aduba has signed on to the cast of american pastoral.   media playback is not supported on this device highlights: andy murray wins davis cup for gb murray leads the lta's miss-hits programme - an introductory course for girls aged between five and eight - and a scottish-based scheme, tennis on the road.   medic pronounced dickens dead at the scene.   medina is years old, '" and pounds.   meet superkids who are going to change the world click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent the morning email get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   "meeting people who marched reminded me these people are still alive and they’re still struggling for these things," said -year-old sophomore micia dismuke.   melanie kalemba, svp of sales and business development for bigcommerce, said in addition to increasing the verified supplier network, the companies plan to enable drop shipping between sellers.   mel b of the spice girls launches her bbc show 'pure naughty' at london's hanover grand; a mix of r'n'b, hip hop, soul and jungle music.   members of congress have subsequently petitioned for petraeus to receive immunity from the charges.   members of the media are being asked to support this event celebrating and honouring the profession.   members of the progressive conservative party will vote on the idea on may at the annual general meeting that is being held in fredericton.   members of the public compete on innocentive to solve our r&d problems in exchange for prizes.   members of the us’ elite delta special operations unit descended on sayyaf’s compound in black hawk helicopters and osprey tilt-rotor aircraft, a defense official told reporters.   memphis leads the series -.   mena gave the new death toll friday and said most of those killed were elderly.   men with prostate cancer usually don't die from their cancer, the panel concluded.   mercado gestured to the gymnasium, where the immigrants and refugees were seated at long tables in front of the stage while city politicians, donors and community representatives were on the sidelines: “workers here have center stage.   mercury insurance, one of the nation's top auto insurance providers, is continuing its support of axs tv's event programming by partnering on this show.   merkel rallied her own party behind her on monday, sticking to her insistence that "we will manage" the influx, while pledging to reduce refugee numbers.   messages left for the nebraska department of education were not immediately returned tuesday.   messages seeking comment were left sunday at the academy and with sharp's attorney, jim voyles.   messi and ronaldo: goals, goals and more goals photos february , – messi's treble against levante was part of the argentine's seven-goal month, helping him draw level with ronaldo on for the season.   meyers' husband, robert meyers, and nowsch's mother, kathleen nowsch, watched the brief arraignment but declined comment outside court.   michael bargo jr. of chicago instructed berman do his own experiment, inflating two balls within a pound-per-square-inch of one another and then handle them.   michael frontzeck quits as hannover coach hannover, germany (ap) — michael frontzeck resigned on monday as coach of struggling hannover, the bundesliga club said.   michael johnson's trial on vehicular homicide was scheduled to start in two weeks.   michele was an unknown to much of the fashion world when he was named as sole creative director to one of the world's best-known fashion brands last month.   michelin encourages concerned residents to file a formal complaint with the town if they have suggestions as to where additional speed bumps should be installed.   mickelson stands third on -under after holes, five shots back of leader -year-old jordan spieth, seeking a wire-to-wire victory in his second masters start, and one behind england's justin rose.   mickelson, who finished runner-up at augusta in april, said as soon as the masters ended he started thinking, "the upcoming major is the us open.   microsoft claims that with the new drive-by protection, zero day attacks "may be prevented before a user is infected, even if a patch isn't yet available".   microsoft, facebook, ibm, apple, uber and baidu declined to comment, while alibaba and google did not respond to requests for comment.   microsoft says it will give people time — up to a year in some cases — to remove files that exceed its new limits.   microsoft's research arm will develop a prototype for drones that can collect large quantities of mosquitoes, then digitally analyze their genes and pathogens.   microsoft subsequently added a windows for education version.   might one of these shows end up inspiring a bit on “inside amy schumer,” her sketch comedy program on comedy central?   migrants on dangerous rocks jutting out into the sea were left alone.   migrants threw rocks, water bottles and other objects at police, injuring officers, two seriously, while police used batons against some migrants.   ‘mi gusto es’ is the only food truck in sutherlin.   mike has lived in five provinces, filed stories from countries in africa, and once dressed up as a shopping mall santa claus for a newspaper feature.   "millennials already know that technologies like digital wallets, digital currency and wearable devices will transform the payments industry," says alexander k. alexander ashe, chief executive at finio business spendology, a personal finances website.   miller (-) looked like he might break the streak, leading - in the seventh, but he gave up four runs in the bottom of the inning before leaving with two outs.   miller's -start streak is the longest in the majors this year and an in-season atlanta record.   miller, the creator of the facebook group for dad bloggers, said he believes for the most part companies are getting it.   "millions of small flamingos come to feed from microalgae -- shrimps and other crustaceans that proliferate in its waters," explained altitudes anyway.   'millions' unclaimed in canada's north in whitehorse today, poilievre said yukon families have not registered for the tax rebate.   miloscia cited a recent study from seattle university that found death penalty cases in the state cost $ million more than similar washington cases where capital punishment is not sought.   mincing about the stage with his tiny prop legs – actor steffan harri did the whole show on his knees – and high kicking to some big numbers, the vertically challenged farquaad is a scene stealer.   mind you, that world is every bit as dangerous as the original maze.   minidoka county sheriff eric snarr says authorities have no clues to possible suspects.   minister of youth and culture lisa hanna, whose ministry is responsible for the ocr, noted that the agency has put several important measures in place, including increased call centre hours and increased training for call centre volunteers.   ministers launching the reforms promised a "simpler and more joined up system" with a single category of special needs.   ministry staff are attending the command post set up by cn and will be meeting with company response teams for further updates.   minnesota vikings running back adrian peterson also saw his season cut short when he was suspended for severely whipping his four-year-old son with a tree branch.   mintz also suffered significant blood loss, she said, and still has shrapnel in his body.   minutes later, the council voted four to five (with one abstention) against a motion to close norton elementary school.   miriam yeung, of the national asian pacific american women's forum, said she hoped cuomo's "solutions become a national model for improving the quality of nail salon jobs".   miss charles said one woman was being treated for alcohol addiction and was prescribed diazepam, which made her drowsy.   mitcham explained that most existing homes and public buildings on tristan da cunha are small, bungalow-type structures made from made from a mix of concrete and local volcanic rock.   mobile search, the faster-growing area of search, was never included in the deal.   moderates of both parties will play a bigger role in solving the state's challenges.   mogadishu's presidential complex targeted .. the toll from a car bomb attack at the gate of somalia's presidential compound has risen.   mohamad abu khedair, , was kidnapped and killed wednesday morning in jerusalem.   mohamed madian / ap advertisement a new anti-terrorism law was finalized this month amid a wave of attacks and killings this summer, including the assassination of egypt's attorney general by a car bomb in cairo.   mohammed emwazi, the isis video executioner known as jihadi john, pictured in when he worked for a tech company in kuwait.   moldova: mayor urges protesters to refrain from violence chisinau, moldova (ap) — the mayor of moldovan capital has urged protesters to refrain from violence, after anti-government demonstrators took to the streets for the fifth consecutive weekend.   molinelli has said he doesn't consider pointing a gun at someone a joke, especially not at little kids.   molins, the prosecutor, said all seven attackers wore identical suicide vests containing the explosive tatp.   “molly ” oct. - kto productions at theatre, fourth floor, center house, seattle center; $-$ (-- or ktoproductions.   moments from martin o'malley's career photos in some early polling, o'malley is pulling single-digit numbers.   moments groups your photos based on when they were taken and who is in them, helping it to stitch together events using all the photos your friends contribute.   mom says there isn’t one, but there is and we all know who it is.   moms like mikelle ericson think the hassle of suing is hardly worth it.   mom: "that's right." year old: "no devil for me!"   moncton employers report the strongest hiring prospects, according to the survey, with per cent of employers planning to hire, while steady hiring activity of per cent is anticipated in halifax and st. john's.   moncton is one of the six host cities listed on the stamp.   monday's rally was led by the organization of iranian-american communities and the national council of resistance of iran.   money transfers abroad are blocked.   mongrain also found love letters between chrétien and his wife, aline, written early in his political career.   monsignor thomas wallace – owner andrew knight says he thinks wallace would be overjoyed to know that the building is being saved and re-purposed.   montador played regular-season and playoff games for the calgary flames (-), florida panthers, buffalo sabres, boston bruins, anaheim ducks and chicago blackhawks.   montreal police said at about : p.m. four suspects attacked two men on louis-sicard street near langelier boulevard.   montreal police say around : a.m. et on thursday, the man entered the saq signature store on sainte-catherine street near university avenue.   montreux (switzerland) (afp) - top diplomats from iran and the us launched a new round of marathon talks on a nuclear deal late monday, as israeli leader benjamin netanyahu warned the emerging accord could threaten his country's survival.   more democrats, , voted for the bill than republicans, . earlier this month, padilla had told senators in one of five hearings congress has held that the u.s. commonwealth is out of cash, after honoring a $ million bond payment.   more details are expected thursday.   more fast food: why is burger king’s scary black whopper causing an outbreak of green poop?   more from el cerrito patch cutting the fiber optic lines caused widespread phone outages, including for some emergency dispatch services.   more from the verge ticket, faster: can seatgeek take on stubhub?   more importantly, you'll learn best when you disagree with someone and then are forced to learn it yourself.   more information: crystalmountainresort.com whistler blackcomb the winter olympics left a legacy of winter-sports facilities that make whistler, b.c., highway miles north of seattle, much more than just a ski resort.   more kids who could not sit still were running up and down the aisle stairs.   more like the seahawks get a gift in having to play an error prone high school jv team for the right to go to the conference championship game.   more: nitama, cat, cats, stationmaster, stationmaster cat, tama, tama cat, japan get top stories and blog posts sent to me each day.   moreover, new delhi has echoed washington's position by issuing a joint statement in january and calling for these disputes to be settled peacefully while safeguarding maritime security and maintaining the freedom of navigation.   moreover, the power sector has witnessed development of specialised equipment such as hts cables and cryogenic energy storage.   moreover, unlimited crop insurance subsidies result in mega-farms driving up land costs, driving their smaller neighbors out of business and barring the next generation of family farmers from even getting a start.   more popular perhaps now than ever before.   more powerful but less frequent storms would be "more bad than good" overall, he said.   more production despite drillers using the fewest rigs in almost four years, the nation will pump . million barrels a day this year, the most since , energy information administration forecast last week.   more protests followed, and with them came more violence.   more showers were forecast across britain throughout the rest of the week.   more skeptical, more detached almost three-quarters of those in the former west felt politically "at home" in today's federal republic, compared with barely percent of easterners, said study leader everhard holtmann.   more sports headlines do you have improvements to suggest for this page?   more than people are still in jail -- including the factory owner, who has been accused of locki … critics say the law, often misused by people carrying out personal vendettas, is feeding violence particularly against minorities.   "more than million people who were previously unconnected had been using the internet because of these efforts," the company added.   more than , refugees have fled the camp in the last few days.   more than , people have been killed in syria since the conflict began with anti-government protests in march that spiralled into civil war after a crackdown by security forces.   more than police were injured in clashes in the town of heidenau near dresden in early saturday morning, after a mob of several hundred people, many of them drunk, began pelting officers with bottles and fireworks.   more than children drowned in texas in the last five years, most of them between memorial day and labor day.   more than people were injured.   more than , renewal cases could be affected by these glitches out of a total medicaid population of more than ,.   more than people were killed in northern protests after buhari, a muslim northerner, lost to jonathan, a christian from the south.   more than percent of high-income women have college degrees and percent have advanced degrees.   more than a million passengers disembark at the lucayan harbour cruise port annually via conventional cruises, day and fast ferries.   more than a simple play call mistake?   more than half of guatemala's -member congress voted to lift perez's immunity, but the total fell short of the two-thirds' majority, or votes, needed to carry the motion.   more than half of the participants represent pharma or biotech companies.   more than two-thirds of refugees worldwide are muslim, guterres said, adding that the world must counter “the backward narrowness of xenophobia.”   more: us military helicopter crash, helicopter crash, us military, okinawa, kadena air base, uh- get top stories and blog posts sent to me each day.   morgan stanley is cigna's financial adviser and cravath, swaine & moore llp its legal adviser.   morneau also discussed his recent decision to tighten mortgage rules on homes over $,.   morocco has controlled most of western sahara since and claims the sparsely populated stretch of desert, which has offshore fishing, phosphate reserves and oilfield potential, as its own.   mortgage buyer freddie mac said thursday the average rate on a -year fixed-rate mortgage rose to . percent from . percent a week earlier.   mosca is best remembered for a controversial hit on b.c. lions running back willie fleming in the grey cup that proved to be a pivotal play in hamilton's - win at empire stadium.   moscow gave no details of the planned operation, but said it would be limited in time and would not include ground troops.   moscow has been a key backer of assad, shielding his regime from u.n. sanctions and providing it with weapons throughout a civil war that has dragged on for more than four years.   moscow (reuters) - one of the men detained on suspicion of killing russian opposition figure boris nemtsov served in a police unit in the russian region of chechnya, russian news agencies quoted a law enforcement official as saying.   moscow's move follows foreign minister sergey lavrov's meeting in qatar with the coalition's ex-leader, moaz al-khatib.   moshe had not properly cleaned up drums of hazardous waste on the site, so when a series of suspicious fires ignited on the lot, firefighters were met with dangerous flareups.   most are fleeing the syrian civil war, with many others seeking to escape conflict or poverty in iraq, afghanistan, iraq, africa or elsewhere.   most australian flora and fauna species occur nowhere else in the world.   most dangerous air travel destinations josh and anna duggar: would you stay with a cheater?   most entrees are priced around $.   most giarai villages have a graveyard to the west, which is divided into fenced-off family plots, with family members being buried in the same tomb.   most gm truck plants have been running at or near full capacity to meet demand.   most idps are living in government-run camps, with host families or with religious organisations in the city of maiduguri in borno state, the heartland of the insurgency.   mostly, i’m just eager to see arya return to westeros.   mostly she attached the cameras to trees, but keeping them there was a challenge.   mostly, we as people break things and we don't know how to fix them afterwards.   most of daraa province is controlled by opposition forces, though the government holds parts of the provincial capital and a few villages in the northwest.   most of his silent communion is not with god, but with ustina’s spirit.   most of kosovo's ethnic albanian majority are nominally muslim but overwhelmingly secular.   most of socialism is wishful thinking or worse.   "most of the buzz we are seeing is positive."   most of the details we've heard about the nexus x have come from untraceably deep rumors that spread endlessly around the web.   most of the escapes occurred as inmates were traveling without escort from a prison to a halfway house.   most of the images are of western fashion models.   most of them said they weren't tenants.   most of the people knew better—one said, ‘no, it’s charlie all over again.’   most of the time it's just reid sitting in a desk chair, microphone in front of her, playing games and talking with fellow broadcasters.   most of the victims, , were syrian soldiers or allied militiamen -- or others who were accused of acting as their informers.   most of the victims lived in shantytowns, where shoddily-built houses are ill-equipped to withstand the flooding during the long rainy season from june to august.   most of the victims reported eating sushi containing raw tuna in the week before they became ill, according to the cdc.   most of us are adults.   "most people think if they did it tomorrow, say if they walked in and said 'as of today, the minimum wage is $,' there would be a bunch of layoffs right out of the gate," said green.   most-visited national park sites photos . grand canyon national park – arizona's grand canyon national park nudged out last year's tenth place holder, the delaware water gap national creation area, to claim the tenth place spot.   mothers against drunk driving, founded in , quickly gained national clout and lobbied lawmakers to raise the legal limit.   mother to the woman: "okay, who made the first american flag?"   motorcycles, hotrods, and old cars welcomed.   motorists were also warned of strong winds on the m briton ferry bridge in both directions at neath port talbot.   mountain view has been bouncing back in recent years, says kirk rose, executive director of the anchorage community land trust, which has purchased and rehabilitated properties and encourages revitalization.   mouradjian said he expected the beach to reopen sunday.   mourinho said he hoped goalkeeper petr cech -- another key player during his first reign but this season a backup for thibaut courtois -- would stay at chelsea.   mouth-watering asparagus dishes everyone with a little bit of yard space to spare should have an asparagus bed.   movement conservatives were goldwater and reagan true believers.   moving inward, the interior of flores is a lost world of cloud-ringed mountains, extinct volcanoes with crater lakes and hyper-fertile valleys pockmarked with proto-industrial villages and archeological sites.   mr bayoh's sister, kadi johnson, has previously claimed that police officers' use of "excess force" was to blame for his death.   mr hollande is the first french president to visit cuba since , and the first western european leader on the island since the s.   mr. landgraf, counterintuitively, attributes declining ratings, in part, to too much choice, no matter how good the show.   mr morling said a prison term would be the quickest way for baker - who the court heard has used crack, heroin and spice on a daily basis since the age of - to get clean but would only be a short term solution.   mr. obama has come under increasing pressure at home from members of congress and former diplomatic and national security officials to do so.   mr osborne was accused of re-allocating existing money.   mrs. deaton is available to speak at meetings or churches throughout the area for those who want to learn more about the butterfly house and other projects supported by the foundation.   mrs. herring was the daughter of the late thomas and annie glenn osborne anthony.   mr singh, the deal's architect, had told the parliament that it marked the "end of india's decades-long isolation from the nuclear mainstream".   mr tsipras is asking creditors for €.bn ($.bn) to cover greece's debts until .   mr woolgar says he and his friend were deliberating over whether to intervene when the youths turned on him.   ms batmanghelidjh has won an array of accolades and awards, including honorary degrees and fellowships from universities including ucl and the open university.   mücahid cihad han supposedly made the claim in response to a call from a man who "kept masturbating, although he was married, and even during the umrah", a pilgrimage similar to the hajj.   ” much like the city itself, the development services departments has also broken up its goals over the next years.   much of krzanich's talk revolved around positioning the chip maker as an innovator and brain for the next generation of computing.   much of that improvement was among democrats, two-thirds of whom now think the country is headed in the right direction.   much of that started with turner, who got the best of talented unc post player stephanie mavunga.   much of the gay community's critique of the show centers around the fact that these four men, who are mormon, are linked to deeply anti-gay "reparative therapy" that teaches men to "pray away the gay."   much of the uk's appetite for data was being driven by households that have the super-fast services, said ofcom.   much of what the memo orders is already being done by prosecutors.   much remains unknown about the suspect, including his nationality, his motive, his relationship to the alleged bombing network or if he was plotting an attack, prawuth said, adding that another attack was “possible” because police found detonators.   mullins myra um, upper mud rv., sun. am pastor preaching; wed. pm power up service with bible study & preaching.   mulroney added the prime minister should refrain from making any appointments to the senate until after the code goes into effect.   multiculturalism, with its mutual respect for the sensitivities of the others, no longer works when it gets to this "impossible-à-supporter" stage.   multiple cvdpv strains have emerged in madagascar during the last years and their transmission has been interrupted following implementation of supplementary immunization campaigns.   multiple law enforcement agencies are responding.   murray begins his melbourne campaign against indian qualifier yuki bhambri later monday.   murray broke gabashvili at love in the ninth game of the third set and was two points from victory before surrendering a service break on a wide crosscourt backhand.   murray survived one break point as he was serving for the set at -, but a double fault followed by an unforced error allowed tomic to break back.   murthy joins "cbs this morning" from washington for his first on-camera interview since being confirmed as surgeon general and discusses the safety of the vaccine.   “museums’ relationships with foreign governments have become increasingly contingent upon giving in to unreasonable, and sometimes blatantly extortionary, demands,” he wrote.   music begins in the schools and in the neighborhoods.   music from the "chi-raq" soundtrack, including songs from nick cannon, do their job in the movie.   music video by n sync performing (god must have spent) a little more time on you.   muslim fashion: contemporary style cultures sponsored links by gravity click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent huffpost daily brief get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   "muslims and arabs can visit the mosque in a very quiet and normal way without violence, but the israelis are inciting and provoking," he said.   musse is among a group of men arrested in april and charged with terrorism-related offenses.   must read: driving a tesla model s hands-free jins' fatigue-tracking smart glasses hit japan next month okay, so you've been able to order jins' non-smart (dumb?   must read: neil degrasse tyson: don’t leave space exploration up to private companies the researchers describe the injections as “nano-terminators” that deliver drugs more directly to cells than typical injections.   must watch joe bruni is a -year-old iwo jima survivor of world war ii.   must watch super-rich africans spend $ milllion on london homes : real estate acquisition is definitely a popular service, whilst london real estate is an asset class in itself.   my a.m. exercise with spinning or strength training occurs for me almost like meditation.   myanmar emerged from years of military rule in and now has a quasi-civilian government, but its constitution reserves a quarter of parliamentary seats for unelected members of the military.   my body is lucky enough to be resilient and it really is fine for me."   "my body's holding up great.   my book is for a broader audience, not some tech gurus in silicon valley.   "my brother-in-law - we still have no information.   my dad would go outside every few minutes and snap off a few pictures.   my experience is common among my white friends.   "my friend is very wealthy," he tells me, "and he can trace his family back , years."   my friend texted and said, "it's coming."   my generation's idealism was mostly channeled into private projects, which bubbled over into politics only when they had ceased being controversial.   “my guess, totally speculating, is they probably want to bring the same team to that project that they were bringing to tampa,” he said.   “my life now feels a lot more meaningful,” salvatier said of working with effective altruists.   "my life passed over me like a big wave, and after, i was left there standing.   my little family has, and always will come first," she wrote.   my morning is ruined.   "my most pressing concern has been trying to assess the parents' knowledge of what gluten is," writes dr. melissa stein, who lives in manhattan with her partner and two sons, ages and . both boys have celiac disease.   my neighbors were busted for distributing heroin a few years ago and they were just plain old illegal alien mexicans doing it for the dollars.   my niece take interest in doing investigations and it is easy to see why.   my notes are my thoughts.   my observation is that there are some pretty average qb’s making an awful lot of money and rw is way above average, so he’s going to get a boatload of cash when he signs a contract.   my partner was pretty young, just at the start of his career, and we hadn't been together long, so it was very scary for him.   "my problem is i don't want to give my vote and the vote of my colleagues on an issue we don't understand.   "my respect for so many of these players is so high, and we're so connected," quinn said.   my son got in on saturday and wandered as the stars became bigger and bigger around him.   my standard procedure is to separate a sheep from the herd my standard procedure is to separate a sheep from the herd.   "my sweetheart and i have a month old daughter, and i think a lot about her future," sheflin says.   "my would-be mother-in-law told everyone - even the parrots, the dogs and the parakeets."   nairit plant has been idle since april .   nancy benac view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   nasa says that to see these objects the telescope will have to detect objects which are to times fainter than hubble can currently see.   nasa's nuclear spectroscopic telescope array, or nustar, took this image in high-energy x-rays, shown in blue.   nasa's nustar telescope array generated the first map of radioactivity in the remnants of an exploding star, or supernova.   "nascar has provided me so many incredible memories, experiences and opportunities throughout my years as a driver, and i can't wait to start a new chapter in racing with this new relationship with fox," gordon said thursday.   national crime records bureau data for west bengal show a percent spike in reports of “missing persons” between and .   national geographic, scientific american, lego and virgin galactic are also awarding prizes.   nationally, an average of seven human plague cases is reported each year, although colorado had eight on its own last year.   nationally there was an increase in the number of jobs, and the unemployment rate was steady at . per cent.   national marathon to finish breast cancer – launched by local news anchor and three-time breast cancer survivor donna deegan, the florida coast's most inspiring marathon has raised millions of dollars for the cause.   native hawaiians don't oppose the telescope itself but strongly disagree with its location atop the dormant volcano.   natural resources: quartz, water, timber, hydropower, scenic beauty, small deposits of lignite, copper, cobalt, iron ore.   nbc bay area's chuck coppola contributed to this report.   nbc remained silent about its scheduled coverage of the miss usa pageant, which has aired on the network since .   nbc: so after the injury you're back at age (), and the last six years you've managed the injury, and gotten the big promotion.   ncc relies on honour system, not patrols admittedly, some like christiane laurin do feel if walking the trails on foot is free, strapping on snowshoes shouldn't cost a thing.   ndp leader tom mulcair said monday afternoon he was surprised by the appointments and took a shot at nicholson's inability to speak french.   nearby jefferson county has a . exemption rate.   nearby residents reported hearing the loud bangs as the gang of men hacked away the bricks from the wall, before bundling them into the van and driving off further on the road.   nearly , rights activists were detained last year – almost as many as in the previous two years combined, according to chinese human rights defenders, a coalition of chinese and international activist groups.   nearly people in the u.s.— in washington state — died last year waiting for hearts, according the organ procurement and transplantation network (optn).   nearly a year later, they haven't saved a dime.   nebraska is first in line among - teams to fill bowl slots once all teams - and better have been selected.   neely was itv news international editor for years.   negotiators hope to reach a rough deal by march and a final agreement by june .   'negro' dropped from test forms some forms ask people what "race and origin" they are and others ask what "race and ethnicity" they are, followed by the five categories.   neighbourhood bat watch uses the crowd-sourced information to help conservation efforts.   "neil intended to go into general practice to help hundreds of people but now this will not happen.   nemmouche was arrested in france and extradited to face trial in belgium.   netanyahu claims victory in israel election ..   netanyahu released his own statement on video, and said the "labeling of products of the jewish state by the european union brings back dark memories.   netflix didn't say that about "first they killed my father," but the company said it "will be submitted to major international festivals."   net scan is free, doesn't have any ads, and the only in-app purchase is for donations to the developer.   neutrinos might hold the key to unlocking some of nature's most profound secrets.   neutrogena's drytouch sunscreen solves that problem, keeping skin healthy and comfortable.   never before has a brazilian side looked so inept, so fragile, so lacking in class, flair or bereft of that ephemeral quality known locally as "joga bonito."   "never happened before and unfortunately it happened kind of a bad time and a mandatory time.   never miss a thing with the huffpost parents newsletter!   nevertheless, curious romans have come out in droves to take in scenes of the -day shoot, which followed an initial one in london.   nevertheless, his criticism of russia's annexation of ukraine's crimea peninsula last year, his hosting of ukraine peace talks and his pardoning of the six opposition leaders in august suggest he is seeking to improve his image in the west, observers say.   nevertheless, said coventry, his work "is still massively under-valued, which is quite unique for an artist who was so accomplished during his own lifetime".   nevertheless, son michael has become as much of an icon as his old man, with more than four decades in show business.   nevertheless, the board was forced to update its codes to allow the devices after lawmakers approved them this summer following testimony from manufacturers and parents of school children.   nevertheless, the us government feels compelled to try to obtain the security council's blessing for its military interventions.   nevertheless, upbeat and cash-flush consumers are expected to step-up spending and buoy the economy this year.   never understand a showman like trump and especially a showman with trump’s money.   never want to grow up, man.   newfoundland & labrador live st. john's more streams can the liberals slay the deficit and still keep their election promises?   new general manager jerry dipoto and the organization announced some rumored and reported changes to the baseball operations staff and an additional hire on thursday.   new hartford police chief michael inserra says the word of life church so firmly kept to themselves that they refused to let firefighters into their building after putting out a small blaze themselves a few years ago.   new ideas are needed to prevent this happening again in the future.   new movies have pushed back their release dates.   news clips officials on mediterranean boat disaster survivors and bodies from a ship that capsized off the libyan coast while carrying hundreds of migrants arrived in malta on monday.   news delivers the best articles from a variety of publishers and over one million topics to help you personalize your reading experience, all presented in an elegant, uncluttered design.   news of katriuk’s death emerged just several hours after the centre for israel and jewish affairs said ottawa should take the necessary steps to ensure he be held accountable if he were found guilty of war crimes committed in collaboration with the nazis.   news, opinion & analysis family gets christmas morning shock of finding missing cat trapped in chimney associated press dec. , , at : p.m. + more phoenix (ap) — phoenix firefighters have saved a cat but it wasn't stuck in a tree.   news, opinion & analysis manchin's fight with obama on energy a boost if run for west virginia governor is next sen. joe manchin, d-w.   newsreader natasha and brendan were plagued by romance rumours when they were paired up for the first ever series of 'strictly' in .   news source: japan times referendum on osaka restructuring residents in the western japanese city of osaka are voting in a referendum on whether to divide the city into special wards and abolish the current city.   news sources: nikkei, annnewsch supreme court: remarriage article unconstitutional japan's supreme court has ruled that one of the country's longstanding civil code provisions regarding marriage is unconstitutional.   news that circle, the first private firm to manage an nhs hospital, is pulling out of its contract to run hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire provokes much comment.   new this year, the alternative assessment is no longer an option.   new 'twin peaks' coming to showtime in new 'twin peaks' book to fill in the -year gap showtime issued a statement shortly after lynch's announcement.   new york against new england this sunday?   new york (ap) — authorities say two new york city police officers are in critical but stable condition at a hospital after being shot and wounded while responding to a robbery in the bronx.   new york (ap) — german chancellor angela merkel has been named time's person of the year, praised wednesday by the magazine for her leadership on everything from syrian refugees to the greek debt crisis.   new york governor andrew cuomo on monday said that state buildings will turn off non-essential outdoor lighting from p.m. until dawn during peak migration in the spring and fall.   new york police department spokesperson sophia mason said police officers arrived on the scene at :am and that the kangaroo, named buster, was “taken into custody without incident” after to minutes and returned to his owner.   new york state department of corrections officers search the railroad tracks after a possible sighti … until saturday, the search for matt and sweat was concentrated in a several-mile radius around the prison in the adirondacks.   new york, which wildlife officials and wildlife groups had identified as the country's biggest ivory market, banned the sale of most elephant ivory, mammoth tusks and rhinoceros horns last year.   new zealand authorities were liasing with the canadian embassy and officials in quebec to ease identification.   new zealand, in particular, have been hit hard by injuries as well as a player management policy that sees regular captain brendon mccullum and fast bowler tim southee being rested.   next on patch » governor approves 'amber alerts' for hit and run accidents drowning in traffic tickets?   next on patch » what california stores have the best black friday deals?   "next our galaxy will eject most of its remaining stars into the cosmic void, and what is left will collapse into our central black hole.   next to him was the final steel beam removed from the site.   nhra top fuel dragster driver larry dixon (right) crashes and goes airborne alongside doug kalitta after his car broke in half during qualifying for the gatornationals at auto plus raceway at gainesville on march . dixon walked away from the incident.   niakan hopes his boyfriend can find refugee status in the u.s., even if that means living apart.   ' nichol said “what we've seen is a statement of where it's at and it's not there, assets and liabilities-wise.   nicklaus kept saying he thought it would happen until one day he posed his own question back to the audience: could they imagine what kind of headlines nicklaus would create if he ever said anything else?   nick young scored points to lead the lakers, who lost their seventh straight.   nicole tsong teaches yoga at studios around seattle.   nielsen did the bulk of the work for his second goal of the game and eighth of the season following a winnipeg turnover.   nigeria's president goodluck jonathan has said boko haram is allied to both al qaeda and is, though that has not been confirmed by boko haram itself.   nightly rates for average about $ with a drop below $ in september.   nine defendants are charged with murder in the october slaying of rival paramilitary leader tommy english.   nine people were killed and at least seven others were injured at roseburg, oregon's umpqua community college on oct. , allegedly at the hands of -year-old chris harper mercer.   nintendo pioneered game machines since the s, developing one of the first machines and the hit game boy hand-held device.   nkurunziza points to a constitutional court ruling allowing him to stand again, on the grounds that his first term did not count because he was picked by parliament and not elected in a popular vote.   no. florida state knocks off miami again hours ago tallahassee, fla. - the florida state football staff tried to wrap up jimbo fisher's session with the media prematurely following saturday night's thrilling - victory against rival miami.   no, absolutely not, he was still the same person, but he managed to brand himself as a backscratcher with a brown nose.   nobody had a better regular-season record in any of the last three seasons than the broncos did with peyton manning at quarterback.   'nobody is above the law' "the message from this announcement should be clear to every culpable individual who remains in the shadows, hoping to evade this ongoing investigation: you will not wait us out and you will not escape our focus," lynch said.   nobody wants that."   "nobody was marching around saying nexen was a terrible company," said pynn.   no doubt, the politicians will yet again learn the wrong lessons from the previous war.   no group immediately claimed responsibility.   no hard date yet, but fairly soon.   no. i have never, hand on heart, experienced it," says williams, seen here with one of the team's drivers, valtteri bottas, in .   “no, i just saw santana (moss),” spikes says, pointing to the veteran wide receiver who is staring at him point blank from the second row.   no injuries had been reported prior to the reported suicides in a standoff that lasted more than six hours, the ministry said.   no, i prefer being russian."   no judge wants to be responsible for additional violence."   no link was suggested with the deadly attack on paris magazine charlie hebdo a day earlier.   no local politician in illinois would be allowed to say the things that any polish, hungarian and bulgarian politician says: "oh, you have nothing to eat?   no-look pass: long before magic johnson made the no-look pass a staple of the nba, lemon had it as a part of his entertainment arsenal.   no matter how you’re shipping, the longest lines at the post office, fedex or ups are likely to be the monday after thanksgiving and the first two mondays in december.   "no matter what happens," damon says, "tell the world, tell my family that i never stopped fighting to get off uranus."   no matter what position you are in."   non-aboriginal hunters are not allowed to hunt either the bathurst or bluenose east herds.   nonetheless, he said the federal employee retirement income security act "is not the statutory mechanism to pursue such claims."   "no no, honey, natural wine is something else altogether.   non vaccinating is not forcing anything.   no one else matters.   "no one in the united states of america should ever be targeted because of who they are, what they look like, or how they worship," president barack obama said friday, while offering condolences to the victims' families.   no one seems more excited than american travelers.   no one was hurt and no buildings were destroyed.   no one was injured, including the dogs being towed in the trailer.   no passengers or crew members on board were hurt.   no plow coming.   nord said the smell is not toxic and isn't coming from industrial sites.   norfolk southern said it would review the offer.   norgren joined the marines to become a pilot, according to the family.   "normal glass will break in large shards, versus tempered glass which falls apart in small pebbles."   normally i see it as a comedy.   normand casavant, from whitehorse, finished the race in sixth place wednesday morning at : alaska standard time.   norman, speaking for the first time since monday's scuffle, says it's something that happens "when you're competitive and have that fire within you (and) both of you want to win so bad."   north and south korea agree to family reunions defector speaks: i needed to leave this 'hell on earth' north korea takes on west with its own k-pop band life on the edge of korea's dmz how dangerous is life near the korean dmz?   north korea is one of the world's most isolated countries and is thousands of miles from the epicenter of the ebola outbreak in west africa.   north korea’s nuclear weapon and missile programs are one such threat; china’s rise is another.   northwestcommonsense pts what a bunch of cooked numbers.   north yorkshire police issued a statement wednesday saying they had asked for the bbc's report on the incident.   norwegian prime minister erna solberg said in september that the kidnappers had asked for ransom several times but the norwegian government did not pay ransom.   no strong opposition party is allowed, and dissent is stifled.   "not a bad ending there to qualifying," he said.   notable figures in the scientific community such as bill nye, the science guy and ceo of the planetary society, signed the declaration.   notables such as south africa skipper a.b. de villiers and india’s rahul dravid head a worldwide chorus of predictions that new zealand, playing on home wickets through to the semi-finals, will be in the final four at least.   notably, the accused individuals appear to have been hand-picked by us officials.   notably, this isn’t the first indication that apple’s iphone lineup may hit store shelves a little bit earlier than usual.   notably, this isn’t the first time we’ve seen darpa express a legit interest in self-destructing technologies.   not a good fit?   not all were ndp voters, but none were conservatives.   not as long as robert kraft and roger goodell are still taking pictures at their respective homes.   not a specific moment, but woods' strangehold on the world rankings illustrates how he dominated.   not at a time when being an entrepreneur and starting up your own business is more possible than ever.   not being able to provide for your family while in prison?   not correcting it would have put a stain on the festival for years to come.   not everyone has become a fervent supporter of liberal democracy.   nothing against australia but this year they've got ge.   'nothing else like it.'   "nothing meant anything to him anymore."   not just 'some types' but one in six of us - 'all types'.   not long ago, we smashed a record with more than million page views in one week.   "not only does employment strengthen communities and lower recidivism, but employers will have access to a broader range of qualified candidates to consider."   "not only do they taste great, but they fill you up because of their protein and fiber content," zied says of these little green nuts.   "not only is it preventing women achieving their potential, it means short sighted businesses are missing out on a wealth of female talent," belinda phipps, chair of the fawcett society, a women's rights group, said in a statement.   not since had the presidents cup been decided by the final match.   not since kosovo's - war, when almost a million ethnic albanians fled or were expelled by serbian forces through the mountains to macedonia and albania, have so many left on foot.   not surprisingly, however, a few photos featured snow.   not wide enough, i guess.   "nouvelle vague," the movie's original french title, refers to the french cinematic revolution by the same name in the early s.   nov. — the st. louis county prosecutor announces that the grand jury has decided not to indict wilson.   nova scotian citizens against white supremacy said at an event wednesday that displaying the controversial flag should be considered a hate crime.   november , - hundreds of iranian protesters storm great britain's embassy and a separate diplomatic compound in tehran.   november , - is elected to the u.s. senate with % of the vote.   now: after the rocky horror picture show, nell focused on music.   now come the tens and hundreds of thousands of afghans, syrians, iraqis and others asking - no, demanding - an apartment and a job in germany or sweden.   "now exercise becomes a punishment," she said.   now friends are hoping to raise nearly $, us to complete the $, us needed to charter a -kilometre flight from provideniya to nome.   now, he faces going back to a loan shark to try and finance another rice crop.   nowhere was the fighting as prolonged and intense as it was in this region.   now imagine looking at something with the brightness of trillion suns.   now, i'm not sure they will, but i'm not sure it's fair to expect the homeowner to do it either."   now in control of congress, republicans are just as motivated for a new budget clash with obama.   now, in only his second season with the ottawa redblacks, the -year-old has a chance to win the grey cup.   now it is definitely safer to keep your money here."   now it's time to refocus and prepare for sunday's m," said de haître.   now it's tying in utilities from the city.   nowitzki is sure to get there someday, too, whenever he ends a career that saw him redefine the power forward position, and perhaps create the notion of a stretch- that teams now crave.   nowitzki made a jumper with : left in the second quarter of dallas' game in brooklyn on wednesday night to pass o'neal.   now, just as state highway departments are scrambling to patch up the damage, congress is bickering over how to replenish the federal highway trust fund that states rely on to pay for those projects.   now, many think growth this summer reached a slower annual rate of around . percent.   no wonder jung was drawn to such stories of synchronicity.   now robert langer can add the prestigious kyoto prize to his list of achievements, for growing human tissue to help recover from injury.   now, that phrase is out of date.   now the australian with career wins is competing with players even younger than that with a focus on being part of the olympics when golf returns next year in brazil.   now the program counts more than , alums, and almost half of those in college plan to major in computer science.   now, two of the game's most successful coaches, larry stefanki and nick bollettieri, are adamant that nadal needs a new coach if he is to rebound and add to his haul of grand slam titles.   now watching up next can we restore sight for the blind?   now watching up next rachel dolezal's brother refutes her claims ezra dolezal, the brother of former naacp leader rachel dolezal, was on "fox and friends" tuesday to discuss her claims of identifying as a black woman, even though she is white.   now watching up next this family traveled around the world without getting on a plane the kirkbys traveled to seven countries with their two young sons on everything from ships to elephants.   now we are focused on fixing it," the company said.   now we know this reasoning is not just wrong, but it threatens our future.   now we've teamed up with i am that girl, who inspires girls to know their self worth.   nuclear power plants run almost all the time, and refuel only once every two years or so.   nunavut has a population of about , people, spread out over communities.   nusra front's attack came two days after the extremists abducted col. nadim al-hassan, commander of division and seven of his men, according to the rebel group, the observatory and the nusra front itself.   nutanix, an enterprise-storage company that was valued at $ billion in a private funding round, is set to become the first large tech ipo in after paperwork for a public offering tuesday.   nuts, then, are, today's theme.   n.w.t.-based buffalo airways has begun offering on-time cargo shipment for customers in western nunavut fed up with having their freight bumped on other carriers.   obama and he talked about disaster response efforts and obama pledged that the united states "will do all that it can to help the people of nepal in their time of need," the white house said.   obama confirms 'islamic state' hostage mueller is dead .. us president barack obama has confirmed the death of kayla jean mueller, who had been held by the "islamic state" in syria.   obama has urged netanyahu to stop pushing congress to impose new sanctions.   obama held a private breakfast on monday at the white house with representatives of veteran and military family service organizations and the national memorial day parade marched on constitution avenue.   obama names joseph clancy new head of secret service president barack obama on wednesday named joseph clancy, a veteran of the secret service and the former head of the presidential detail, as director of the scandal-scarred agency.   obama only mentioned the word "immigration" twice, and didn't make the impassioned pleas he has in years past for immigration reform.   obama says he's made clear that "i never want them to hold back."   obama's iran deal continues to look safe, despite opposition chuck schumer to vote against iran nuclear deal nuclear deal reached: what's next for iran?   obama will try to convince them of the potential benefits for the region.   o'brien said . million syrians have fled the country, including an increasing number risking dangerous boat trips to reach europe.   "obviously he is a person of interest in this case; however he has not been charged with that crime."   occasionally i imagined a different existence but most times i stayed exactly where i was.   october is election day for million eligible tanzanians.   october , - announces that he was diagnosed in february with early stage prostate cancer and underwent two months of radiation treatment at walter reed army medical center in washington, dc.   october now stands just a percent chance as being the month for the u.s. central bank to hike for the first time in more than nine years, according to the cme group.   “oddly enough, those are the ones most gullible to the traditional brokerage pitch.   odion ighalo then netted twice, with a composed finish in the th before heading in unmarked in the th as liverpool was punished for a stagnant and unimaginative performance.   of course, huge for a mini is still pretty small when compared to the universe of cars.   of course, if exercise -- or lack of it -- is truly interfering with someone's health, it may be safer to consult a dietitian, a physician or a mental health professional, "or a mixture of all three," says carter.   of course, it's not like these lawmakers were great pals; indeed, obama and boehner spent years clashing over everything from obamacare to the debt ceiling to immigration.   of course not," angeliki planoudaki, a -year old athenian who voted yes, said.   of course, only families with a certain level of income have the luxury of these options.   of course, the device can’t actually do anything the apple watch can do.   of course the fourth quarter is also a time that, when all else fails, you try for the hail mary - and that appears to be this administration's tactic.   of course, the importance of campaign debates has been politics for decades.   of course, there's a continuity to my creative work.   of course, this can’t be true (right?   of course, we need reception centers, but in the current political climate in europe they could easily turn inro "pushback" centers.   offering a gloomy but timely picture of the world's future if global warming went unchecked, a "red alert" for air pollution was issued in the chinese capital of beijing on monday.   officer: "i actually do have the right to ask you for your name in this case, ok."   officers converged on a business in the block of washington avenue at around p.m. on saturday.   officers engaged with the suspect around : a.m., when one officer used their taser and another used their gun.   officers have left the scene and both vehicles have been recovered.   officer shot: a police officer was shot to death early thursday in the paris suburb of montrouge, and a second was hurt.   officers said he spoke with what was described as a “local accent”.   officers were called to a house near th avenue and th street around a.m. after police got a call about a man who was threatening to shoot himself.   officials are investigating whether it might have belonged to missing flight mh.   officials at the southwest wildlife conservation center in scottsdale, where the female cub was recovering from a broken leg, said friday she has been living at the sonoran desert museum.   officials at the studios didn’t immediately responds to calls and e-mails seeking comment.   officials estimated some , worshipers attended the massive ceremony on san salvador's main square, where pope francis's envoy, angelo amato, conferred the title of "blessed" on romero, putting him one step from sainthood.   officials familiar with the investigation would not disclose what specific charges silver would be facing.   officials impressed by quality of art art that inmates submitted to the province was originally intended for display in government offices.   officials in alberta, canada, say dumping of live goldfish into the ecosystem has resulted in freakishly large fish.   officials remove wolf from state endangered species list portland, ore. (ap) — oregon wildlife officials have voted to remove the gray wolf from the state's endangered species act list.   officials said expect the security lines to be the longest between : a.m. and : a.m. travelers have said the extra tension won't stop their plans get where they need to go for the holiday.   officials say one firefighter was treated for heat-exhaustion, but was not transported to the hospital.   officials shut the bridge to all but pedestrians, cyclists and buses starting early saturday.   officials stressed that abdulazeez' father was one of many people investigated for their funding of overseas charities, especially after the september , , terrorist attacks.   officials tell kboi news that the woman was playing fetch with her dogs when they through the ice.   officials with hamas, a militant group sworn to israel's destruction, rejected the israeli report.   officials would not say where the fighter jets are going or when they will deploy.   "often," he said, the academies "take youths too young."   often, they sound hysterical.   “often times, in a place of intellect like gw, we create this distance between us and the outside world.   of the countries the u.s. is negotiating with in the trans-pacific talks, seven have manufacturers that contract with nike for shoes or apparel.   of the million people infected worldwide, million of them are disabled, or disfigured, according to the world health organization.   of the . million open warrants in the new york city court system, more than a quarter originated in brooklyn.   of the gop candidates in the race, rand paul is the only one i have heard who consistently defends all of the bill of rights and who is proposing a return to constitutional government.   of the million low-income kids who rely on free or reduced-priced school lunches, however, only about million receive food through summer meals programs.   of the u.s. hospitals with the highest charges, are for-profit institutions of these hospitals operate in florida talk about sticker shock: some u.s. hospitals charge patients more than times the rates paid by medicare.   of the hot-spring facilities checked last month, were found to be offering substandard services, but have since made improvements in line with the required health standards, city officials said.   of the current american players with at least four ryder cup appearances, he is the only one without a losing record (--).   of these, five are in the technology space — facebook (fb), google (goog), linkedin (lnkd), adobe (adbe), and apple (aapl).   of these, the marathon group ran a full course of . kilometers, attracting top international runners to take part.   of the the airlines it monitors, have the top seven-star safety ranking.   of the three defendants, only le thi phuong anh was well-known -- both as an anti-china activist and a strident government critic, particularly on foreign policy issues.   of those, were assailants armed mainly with knives and in some cases with guns, israel said, while others were shot during anti-israeli protests.   of those additions, the vxblock systems are the most notable.   of those on the wanted list, at least two have fled thailand, joining dozens of academics, activists and political opponents of the coup in self-exile amid a surge in "" cases since royalist generals seized power in may.   oh, and he also made a giant butt so he can fart at france.   oh, and it’s now illegal to tow a skateboard behind a vehicle.   oh, hollywood, first you destroyed our memories of the 's with terrible remakes of "fame," "footloose," and "robocop."   ohio would lose . the monongalia county mine would be hit hardest, with layoffs.   "oh my god, i've seen the whole season."   oil prices fell below $ a barrel, adding further strain to the already suffering russian economy.   oklahoma state's j.w. walsh defends on the play.   okonomiyaki: a proper meal for oneself in kansai, where the dish is originated, but a trendy snack to share in kanto.   okposo's linemates, john tavares and josh bailey, each had three assists, giving the top line a -point night.   ole miss spokesman danny blanton said that the five students told investigators that they went to the sigma pi fraternity house around a.m. on oct. to try to steal a donkey statue kept by the sigma pi chapter.   "olga would walk into the room and light it up, and jason was the most lovable and vivid person.   oliver ekman-larsson had arizona's other goal.   olsen knew something was wrong on friday when sparky didn't greet him at the door, but not even that hunch, prepared him for what he was about to discover.   olynyk said when she later thought more about the transaction, she became concerned because the receipt the man gave her didn’t have winnipeg harvest’s name on it.   olynyk scored points for boston, and avery bradley had while guarding curry much of the night.   omaha's oracle denounced the idea—to a certain extent.   o’malley’s two-run single in the bottom of the eighth off astros reliever pat neshek broke a - tie and made the difference in the mariners’ - win over houston on tuesday night at safeco field.   omg provides professional industry knowledge and on-site one-on-one consulting recommendations.   on minutes raul bobadilla steered home after a hojbjerg free kick by the right touchline was flicked on by callsen-bracker.   on a big screen, fukunaga's lyrical filmmaking is transfixing, but there is freedom in knowing that this necessary, demanding movie exists on your television.   on a day-to-day basis, mr. luther serves as a trial lawyer, having participated in multi-district litigation and class-action lawsuits.   on almost being knocked out by seattle again… just thinking back to last year, sitting in the seattle locker room, it was tough because they beat us with the away goals rule and that just left a bitter taste in our mouth.   on aug. , a video emerged showing salopek, shackled and clad in a beige jumpsuit, as a hostage of the islamic state group's egyptian affiliate, the sinai province of the islamic state.   on august , , king philip, whose native name was metacomet, was surrounded at his stronghold at mount hope, rhode island.   on average, streetreach will visit to addresses a day in search of missing kids.   on capitol hill, democrats have given up control of the house and senate.   once again - just as in january - it looks as though at least one of the perpetrators of last friday's attacks was known to the french intelligence services.   once children reach the age of or , they're more amenable to banks.   once it has contracted dengue, the mosquito can infect humans for the rest of its life.   once people caught on to the fact that the new coins were comprised primarily of copper, they began hoarding the old ones, which made it harder for the crown to source gold.   once the drone is up in the air, i pull away, shoot a glance back to make sure it really is following, then open up the throttle.   "once the pub set their prices, that's what we're allowed to sell it for at the pump, which is at the present time lower than we're buying it from the supplier for," he told labrador morning.   once the register opened, police said, a man entered and robbed the store.   once this adds up, a maximum of , points can be redeemed per visit.   once you get back on track, you can work with your lender to drop the insurance premiums.   once you get past that and i’m sitting down talking to you, if you say anything to me other than what can i do to fix this, how can we figure it out, it’s a perception that i own.   "once you have a digital model, you can do comparisons of morphology, you can do comparisons of teeth, there’s any number of studies that can come out of it," leakey said.   on china: amazing fossil : its unearthed remains consisted of a partial skull, two vertebrae and a hind limb.   on december , pauline cafferkey, , of glasgow, scotland, became the first person to be diagnosed with the virus on uk soil shortly after returning from sierra leone.   o'neale then had a tip-in of a miss by chery and had a -pointer for a - halftime lead.   o'neal said he trades these small stocks "because it's fun," admitting that "it hasn't really been going too well."   "one auto-thrust not functioning properly.   one by one they bring each person up the stairs—give them a medical, hand out bottles of water, and sit them in rows on the top deck, under the broiling sun.   one can walk into any village home at meal time and will likely be offered india hospitality with this dish, free of course!"   one case was dismissed after the victim decided not to pursue the case.   one city hit by flooding is lujan, about miles ( kilometers) west of the argentine capital.   one constant complaint about linux has been "there aren't any games!"   one detainee died of hypothermia in , while "partially nude and chained to a concrete floor."   one does not easily forget the happiest day of his life.   one effort in particular, diet, is getting some renewed interest from scientists.   one even flew by private jet to bermuda, beckles says.   one fifth of the petrol used in greek cars has been adulterated in one way or another, an industrial research centre found in , mostly with petrol for boats which is taxed at a much lower rate.   one foresees a phase-out of net greenhouse gas emissions by , another vaguely seeks a peak of emissions "as soon as possible."   one french woman quoted her countryman voltaire: "i may not agree with what you say, but i will defend to the death your right to say it."   one indication of just how big a positive impact it might be possible to make can be seen in a study from official conservation advisor natural england.   one is a dark sedan that might be a honda or toyota, and the other is a small suv, like a jeep.   one is all-wheel-drive capability for tackling snowy roads.   one is cancer-therapy company kite pharma inc <kite.   "one is to introduce pro-youthful blood factors and the other is to therapeutically target pro-ageing factors" like bm, he said by email.   one of his first guests was presidential candidate jeb bush.   one of his photo albums is dedicated to north korean fashions.   one of his recent favorites is the low-key "winter snow" by chris tomlin and audrey assad.   one of my sports idols growing up, who has become one of my favorite writers, kareem abdul-jabbar, penned an eloquent opinion piece on dolezal for time magazine.   "one of the amazing things about the research is teachers have the ability to not just to tell my story — but people who are undergoing refugee experiences right now around the world."   one of the biggest mistakes i made early on as a small sport athlete looking to build myself into a brand was partnering with companies and people who had only worked with big brands or big names but who had never worked with startups.   "one of the hardest parts was not being able to get away," dunne said.   one of the main and very important parts of the show is the costumes.   one of them had actually graduated from a prestigious business college in karachi.   one of the most disturbing deaths took place in oklahoma.   one of the options we made available to people was that perhaps you think it will be interesting to show the last days of your character before this event, before the — pardon my french — shit hits the fan.   one of the paper's co-authors, andrew blain, describes it as "winning a hot-dog-eating contest lasting hundreds of millions of years."   one of the survivors who was flown into manchester on saturday, has arrived back in wales and posted on social media her family was "totally traumatised and in total shock and disbelief".   "one of the things that makes rory special is he's not a nick faldo-kind of personality, obsessive with the game, an incredibly hard practicer, focused /, that's not his dynamic, that's not what makes him tick as a golfer," said mcginley.   one of the united nation's sustainable development goals stipulates that by at the latest, every person in the world should have access to affordable and reliable energy.   one of which is a ranged magic attack called "pulse shots."   one of zuber's police contacts had been more blunt on the phone: "don't send anyone out on stories.   one opened last fall in seattle, six more will open in , and one will open in .   one person fooled was rep. brendan boyle who had previously tweeted that he was sure biden would make the race.   one person remained holed up in the apartment.   one person was injured at a motel in giddings, texas, after a suspected twister hit the building, and at least one suspected tornado damaged buildings and came close to a police headquarters in mineral wells, texas.   one plan would place battalions in poland and three baltic states, while another would have a single nato battalion in the area, according to the newspaper, reuters wrote.   "one-point-five to stay alive."   one possible way to spur more uptake is to make broadband a legal right, which is what finland is reportedly doing.   one poster on microblogging platform sina weibo wrote: "why is it 'rumours' are flying everywhere every time there is a disaster?   one soldier recalled seeing a team member standing on a detainee’s head “maybe eight to times.”   one start-up named jamit created sensors that, when placed on the bridge of a violin, transmit performance data to a mobile app that points out when incorrect notes are played.   one such segment is the regional banks.   one that is not based on growth?   one thing is clear: that a global consensus on a cannabis ban no longer exists.   one thing many companies do wrong is that they message that they are laying off people and using some sort of methodology (like seniority, geography, etc.) to decide who stays and who leaves.   one thing that is not enjoyable however?   one unsuspecting advice columnist was trolled pretty hard when a reader asked for some advice for problems that bore an uncanny similarity to the plot of the room.   one was left in a park.   one way to make sense of it is to look at the "carbon budget," which refers to the idea that there's only so much carbon pollution we can put in the atmosphere and still hope to stop warming short of degrees celsius, or . degrees fahrenheit.   one wife tells the sun it's her "absolute worst nightmare" for her two affairs - conducted four years ago during a "rocky patch" - to be exposed.   one young man in the family is working two jobs, he said, and all are taking english language classes.   on friday, lawmakers, now in special session, agreed to a stopgap five-day extension of existing regulations, and assembly democrats broached the idea of just renewing the regulations long-term as-is.   on friday, mexico's foreign affairs ministry called for an investigation into the killing of zambrano-montes, an orchard-worker in washington originally from michoacan state.   on friday morning, the website delivered an early verdict, although it’s not as conclusive as we’d hoped.   on friday night, they were teammates for the first time.   on friday, wamu . reported that in all likelihood the h street–benning road ne streetcar won’t carry passengers in , despite earlier indications from d.c. mayor muriel bowser that it’d be up and running by the end of her first year in office.   ongoing fighting in the region an israeli military position on mount hermon also came under mortar fire wednesday, the idf said.   on its way, it's visited an asteroid and the planet jupiter.   on jan. , , drug enforcement administration agents conducted a search of newman’s home in the block of artisan avenue in huntington.   on january , mrs farr had called the mental health crisis team, but miss baker refused to talk to them and became abusive.   on july , the provincial and federal governments announced they will build a second outlet channel from lake manitoba to lake st. martin, as well as enlarge the existing channel.   on june , hours before a kickoff rally, louisiana gov. bobby jindal announced his intention to run.   online court records don't list an attorney for morton, and a woman who answered his home telephone monday told the associated press the family has yet to hire one, before declining to comment.   online newspaper nyasa times says lutepo "looked grumpy" as the sentence was handed down.   "online payment to buy things is always a big headache - you forget your password, worry about security.   online pirates could face years in jail the film and music industry have been lobbying for tougher penalties for online piracy online pirates could face jail terms of up to years under plans being considered by the government.   "online videos are a great way to convert leads and boost sales.   only % of managers, directors and senior officials are women - this is a waste of valuable talent.   only a few people have read the -page tome -- just translators and editors -- and the writing of the novel was shrouded in secrecy, with the author, editors and translators working on computers disconnected from the internet to avoid leaks.   only mcdavid, who went first in the nhl draft to the edmonton oilers, and winger lawson crouse, a fellow top- pick, could claim that distinction.   only members can qualify for europe's ryder cup team, so poulter endured a ,-mile last-minute charge across time zones from florida to hong kong.   only recently has he learned how important it is to communicate one key fact: "one thing we could have done better is remind people that kickstarter is about backing a project not buying a product.   only the three individuals are being investigated, not the dfb itself, said niesen, adding that the trio could each face jail sentences of between six months and years if convicted.   only two reactors have resumed operating in japan under tougher safety rules introduced after the disaster.   on march , when houthi militias drove the hadi government from aden and out of yemen entirely, king salman turned that frustration into action.   on march , , the buffalo sunday morning news reported this innovative undertaking: “musically inclined polish men and women of the church of transfiguration have organized the philharmonia musical association, and members have been enrolled.   on may , he led a coup that toppled the elected civilian government after months of sometimes-violent street protests.   on may , , city authorities of the then liberated brno herded more than , local ethnic germans, including children, women and elderly, to escort them on foot out of the country in what is now known as the brno death march.   on monday, broden said waco chief of police brent stroman would be added to that lawsuit.   on monday, her office altered the marriage licenses to remove her name.   on monday, more than , people entered the country.   “on most of the islands, there is no reception capacity, people are not sleeping under any form of roof.   on oct. , , police obtained permission from the girl's mother to take over the kik and facebook accounts of the child, initiating undercover contact with norman.   on one panel, there were three activists from the south berkeley neighborhood.   on one side, you had two men in body armor, toting assault rifles and showing every willingness to open fire now and count their victims later.   on reflection, this was probably not a smart thing to do being married for only a couple of years.   on saturday afternoon scores of bahamians and friends of the bahamas continued the country’s independence celebrations at a picnic held on the grounds of the u.s. coast guard base in alexandria, virginia, where the genesis group again performed.   on saturday it won - at watford to move up to second in the table.   on saturday, kerry held talks in geneva with his iranian counterpart javad zarif in efforts to secure a nuclear deal ahead of the june deadline.   on saturday, u.s. airman first class spencer stone was treated for knife wounds in a hospital in france and applauded by world leaders for foiling what officials called an attempted terrorist attack.   on sept. , the ottawa carleton district school board sent a letter to parents that outlined the current job action elementary teachers are taking in ontario and warned that rotating strikes in this part of the province could be imminent.   on september , just days before this year's hajj started, a construction crane crashed through the roof of another hajj destination, the grand mosque in mecca, killing people.   on september , , coleman coleman, with his hearing aids and lip-reading skills, took the field for his first regular season game as a professional football player.   on sign-up day, i looked at that list.   on sunday night, as pope francis finally flies home to rome, he leaves south america's "forgotten countries" with moments that many will likely never forget.   on sunday night, murdoch also sent a second tweet challenging trump's claims.   on sundays, i have committed to six hours.   on sunday, the comedian posted a shot of his hand to instagram.   "on that night," schukat says, "everyone in vorra was shocked.   on the campaign trail, gop presidential candidates denounced the obama administration's strategy against the islamic state group that has claimed responsibility for the paris attacks.   on the issue of ipv, for me that means i have integrated into my clinical practice a vigilance and screening informed by the awareness that any person in a dating/partnering relationship is at risk and, as such, should be screened for that type of danger.   "on the leadership side, these guys really helped with the transition."   on the night of september , at approximately : pm, two () black males entered the kangaroo store located at ross clark circle.   on the other hand – could anyone else anchor “the visit” with the ice-cold majesty chita rivera brings to the show?   on the other hand, this country has ramped up taxpayer help for the fledgling liquefied natural gas (lng) industry.   on the other side, liberal legal groups, including the american civil liberties union, have been quick to take on the causes of gay couples seeking to marry.   on the other side of the balance sheet, are there major interests that the u.s. and iran share, places where we can find common ground?   on the question of liberalizing labor markets, government spokesman sakellaridis remained tough: "we will discuss it with workers and with pensioners.   "on the return i was able to play both with the slice coming over and then even standing back.   on the road, emissions of the smog-causing pollutant nitrogen oxide on the affected high-end vehicles could be nine times higher than allowed, the epa said.   on the streets, not one single "xiaojie" -- the chinese word for miss that's also slang for prostitute -- is to be seen.   “on the streets now there were only thousands of cars, rusting and covered with dust.   on the video, police noticed how he “selects his victims.   on the west side of washington, d.c., for example, there are . college educated women between ages and for every man of the same description.   on the women's side, laurie blouin of stoneham was the top-canadian finisher, placing sixth.   on this date in history: in , in jamestown, va., the first elected legislative assembly in the new world -- the house of burgesses -- convened in the choir loft of the town's church.   on thursday, holmes, wearing a short-sleeve, button-down blue shirt, wrote in a notebook as potential jurors were questioned.   on thursday night, police were called to a pharmacy robbery on the south side at madison avenue.   on thursday, obama noted he was briefed on the k- visa program, which one of the attackers in san bernardino used to come to the u.s. in july .   on top of that, there's no reason those known issues can't be sorted out at the same time as new features are brought into the game.   on top of that, the university is in the midst of holding alcohol awareness week.   on top of the world cup’s revenues, the competing countries, are bringing ￡ million in sponsorship deals alone, according to the repucom sports marketing data firm.   on tuesday, cbc news learned that canad inns owns % of both the st.regis hotel and the former carlton inn in downtown winnipeg, even though it never used its own money to acquire the stake in the two centreventure-owned hotels.   on tuesday night, council passed an ordinance to allow the city to establish speed limits on any street or highway within city limits.   on tuesday, police took them to an area near the town of muzaffargarh in the eastern province of punjab.   on tuesday, russian defense ministry spokesman maj. gen. igor konashenkov said monday's allegations were designed to attract sympathy and investment for ukraine at this week's gathering of political and business leaders in davos, switzerland.   on tuesday, syria's al qaeda offshoot nusra front said it had taken over the zezoun power plant, one of the country's major thermal power plants in the northwest of syria.   on tuesday the flames everyone was talking about were the sizzle on the grill as miller's harvest foods and sunwood's cowboy bar-b-q provided a free meal to those those who fought the fire along with bayview residents.   on two of the three patents in dispute, the named inventors include the two people most identified with apple design, steve jobs, the company’s cofounder, and jonathan ive, its chief design officer.   on wednesday, a muslim student group at northern illinois university in dekalb protested the film because they say it misrepresents muslims and wrongly glorifies war veterans.   on wednesday, envoys of the international diplomatic quartet met senior israeli officials in jerusalem and were due to meet palestinian officials on thursday.   on wednesday, following the cabinet meeting at the chancellery, merkel, chief of staff peter altmaier and de maizière met with spd cabinet members foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier, vice chancellor sigmar gabriel and justice minister heiko maas.   on wednesday he will visit microsoft's huge campus and boeing's huge assembly facility, following reports of the deal for aircraft and a "completion center" in china for the firm's narrow-body airliners.   on wednesday, the bank of canada dropped jaws on its own when it moved its trend-setting interest rate for the first time in four years and four months – and not in the direction it had been warning of for a long time.   on workers' issues, he's sought to turn the national labor relations board into what he says is more of an umpire role.   opener kaushal silva held sri lanka's innings together with his second test hundred.   opener martin guptill () provided the platform for new zealand's chase, but the tournament co-hosts wobbled getting to the end.   'open personality' knox eventually set her mind on studying abroad in college.   open the tin at the last minute and then put it on crushed ice before you serve it.   "operators are doing their best to get people up there, but obviously something went badly wrong."   ophelia says of polonius, “his beard as white as snow: all flaxen was his poll.”   opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the los angeles independent media center.   opinion: the 'islamic state' genie is out of the bottle .. the arab league will discuss a unified force to intervene against islamic state.   opponents of reform, especially on the left, think they can freeze the status quo via rules that make it hard to fire workers or to introduce new competition.   opposition congress party lawmakers, whose support is crucial for approving the bill, blocked the proceedings.   opposition senator kavan gayle, a trade unionist by profession, argued that the bill required accompanying legislative support.   opsu will hold their fall ag career day on tues (/) from a-p in the science and agriculture building on the opsu campus.   options for support were offered the department of national defence confirmed that brumsey was reporting weekly to a specialized support centre prior to his release from the military, but his file was then turned over to veterans affairs.   or call the hotline for cnn's "the hunt" at --the-hunt.   ordinary citizens have also increasingly taken up arms to protect themselves.   o'reilly employed a ferocious response last month after questions were raised about his falklands accounts.   organizers are also reviving some old-time favourite events.   organizers said about , people participated in the meeting.   originally called the valencia movie palace, the ornate theater opened in jamaica, queens in , presenting a mix of movie screenings and vaudeville performances.   originally published december , at : am updated december , at : pm can you name this festival?   originally skeptical, he signed up for a year after learning google had rented space for some miami employees.   or it rises to the upper atmosphere to be stripped away and lost in space.   or maybe it has something to do with being on fox: when kardashian appeared on "fox & friends" with her other sister, kourtney, in , she had to apologize for showing up on the show in a sheer shirt with no bra.   or maybe the capitals' braden holtby, so strong in the seven-game second round series against the rangers.   orphaned pup joins litter of : look at the video, and you can see one puppy looks a bit different than the others.   or they may feel uncomfortable with others knowing that their children are participating in government-subsidized school breakfast and lunch programs.   or were the i-am-charlie crowds addressing their own governments?   or you can upload here.   or you see somebody acting suspiciously?   oscar-winning best actresses photos louise fletcher () – from left, producer saul zaentz, actor jack nicholson, actress louise fletcher and producer michael douglas pose with their oscars at the academy awards ceremony.   osorio said the government was deploying soldiers and police, but did not say how many.   osterloh, weil, huber and porsche had done their homework before the meeting.   other analysts said biogen's aducanumab could still prove a potent treatment when tested in a larger population.   other attacks on the campaign trail focus on the likes of donald trump who favors a bombastic style.   other european officials were less emotive.   other interviews are also likely, ware said.   other medical, nursing and patient support staff were on the wards helping patients prepare for their move or settling them into new rooms at the $ billion murdoch hospital.   "other regions approve the budget once and, in the worst case, it can be adjusted once or twice in the second half of the year.   other relatives also were attacked, the descendants say, and one committed suicide by throwing himself into a river.   others are abandoned with broken windows.   others say the pressure to sell overwhelmed the government resources propping it up.   others strongly disagreed.   other sterilization campaigns in canada were linked to eugenics, the idea of racial superiority and the need to reduce certain traits from the population.   other streaming services like netflix and hulu offer streaming-content only.   other than that, mui said profile pictures rarely resemble what people actually look like in real life.   other winners include macy's (m) and kohl's (kss).   ottawa has helped pay for some upgrades in nunavut, but the committee says it hasn't been enough.   ottawa's sudden depth in net meant dave cameron could turn to his right and find a -year-old with games of playoff experience, before this year.   ottenheimer, who lost marginally to paul davis in the pc leadership race in september, told cbc news it would be too tough to take on another campaign in such a short period of time after the leadership contest.   "our capsule is fitted with state-of-the-art space-rated life support systems, designed and manufactured by paragon space development corporation, who are global leaders in life support technology," says poynter, of the world view system.   "our concerns have not been addressed yet.   “our customers are not greek companies, so the success of our project does not depend on greece at all,” said stefanos vasdekis, , one of the two founding partners of travelmyth.   our entire fan base is proud of them," said andy dunn, general manager of the vancouver canadians.   our favorite movie superheroes (and villains) photos robert downey jr. brought tony stark's iron man to life in .   our favorite tv moms photos lucille bluth (jessica walter) doesn't even try to hide her brittleness.   "our funding policy is to return funds to employers when we have an excess," said mark pike, the board's chair.   our goal is to make sure we train them, 'okay what am i going to do?'   "our goal is to try and enhance a fans' experience."   "our health system cannot sustain the way things are going now.   “our installed base is now almost , erp customers in the cloud, nearly times the size of workday,” hurd said.   "our investigation has shown that officer kerrick did not have a lawful right to discharge his weapon during this encounter."   “our long-term goal is to make it to columbus and to be region champs,” she said.   "our main priority is ensuring the product works for our guests, and we believe this is the necessary proactive action," said a spokeswoman for lululemon, noting there were no serious injuries from the tops.   "our mission with the ace center is to encourage and support collaboration across campus as well as within the community."   our morning videographer is live streaming the city as he drives around.   "our players were under a lot of pressure after losing the first match.   "our problem is we have no one to help us here," he said, explaining the island has one hospital and four ambulances.   “our province has no regulations on backyard breeders,” said holloway.   our response is that we are more confident than ever in the path the times has chosen, and that confidence is grounded in our track record.   "our small business has been in operation for over years and we have never seen anything like this; at the same time we don't want anyone to think that for any reason we are attempting to bypass our responsibilities," the statements said.   “our study, as a randomized trial, is able to prove causality and also provide the high level of evidence to inform public policy.”   our team had nine hits, but only scored one run, so i did not make good adjustments in the game,” ando said.   our total revenue estimates for the fourth quarter of include approximately $. million of revenue estimated to be contributed by the acquired stations.   "our trade and economic ties have remained in a very good shape, despite some losses in connection with well-known developments."   "our understanding is extreme conditions occur and the city can't plan for that and can't accommodate an entire drainage system for extreme conditions.   "our vision, indeed, is to draft and develop our own players," shanahan reiterated.   "our whole community could be gone,” said marilee day, who lives on a small farm in northeast portland.   "our work clearly established the rotation period of gj to be days -- twice the period of "planet d" -- independently of the statistical arguments raised in the comment.   over different pours will be sipped from - p.m. on wednesday, november th, including calvados, hopped ciders, apple brandies and sparkling ciders.   over , migrants and asylum seekers have been rescued at sea and brought to italy so far this year -- up from , at the same time last year -- renzi said, and rome wants other countries to shoulder part of the burden.   overall, % of gop voters say the republicans have a better chance to win in with trump as the party's nominee, while % say the gop has a better shot with someone else at the top of the ticket.   overall, the cdc reported nine total norovirus outbreaks in on cruise lines that docked in u.s. ports.   "overall, therefore, the trade balance will likely remain in the red in coming months," said marcel thieliant of capital economics.   overall, the report classifies calgary's real-estate market as "balanced" in august, with a sales-to-new-listings ratio of ..   overall, the united states has poured more than $ billion into reconstruction in afghanistan.   overnight rate and prime rate: how they work on wednesday, the bank of canada cut its target for the overnight lending rate from an already low one per cent to . per cent, in light of the risk posed to the canadian economy by slumping oil prices.   over seven seasons, it has earned acclaim for its striking period dress, meticulous art direction, understated performances and languid pace.   “over the course of the coming weeks and months, i will work closely with the club’s general manager paul mcdonough to build our technical staff and roster, attracting some of the best talent in women’s professional soccer to orlando.   over the last few years, there's been a lot work towards developing smaller drones capable of autonomously coordinating their actions, much like insects do.   over the last year teodorin has been pictured -- in equatorial guinea and at the world cup in brazil -- with christina mikkelsen, a dane who was crowned bride of the world in .   over the past three years, lasalle network increased staff by percent, and recently opened up an office in san francisco.   over the years more details and hues filled out maps.   overwhelmingly, his colleagues praised him for his speed on set, his strong eye and his impeccable taste, which has not wavered even in this blown-out, porno-chic era.   oyster, which has touted unlimited access to more than million books for $. a month, announced on its blog monday that it was “taking steps to sunset the existing oyster service over the next several months.”   page of next page like what you just read?   painting friends is always a fun way to spend an evening, and painting strangers is a great way to break the ice with someone who looks interesting.   pair your newly painted door with a clean doormat ($) or fresh pot of flowers, and you’ll have a whole new entrance for under $.   pakistan captain azhar ali attributed the win to team effort.   pakistan open their world cup campaign on sunday in adelaide against india.   pakistan's military trials create 'parallel system of justice'   pakistan took the three-match series - having won the first game by runs and the second by six wickets — both in lahore.   paleontologists at seattle's burke museum said wednesday that the million-year-old bone fragment probably belonged to an older, smaller cousin of the tyrannosaurus rex.   pamela smart remains in prison serving life without the possibility of parole for her role in her husband's death.   pandora founder tim westergren says on average subscribers use the mobile service about minutes a day (though there are no independent numbers).   pangkalan bun, indonesia (ap) - strong currents and blinding silt thwarted an attempt by divers on thursday to find airasia flight 's black boxes, which are believed to still be in the recently discovered tail of the crashed plane.   paradise picks st. john's for fire services push for st. john's area amalgamation losing steam a controversial idea has once again been raised by a st. john's city councillor.   paradis would have been the first francophone speaker elected since gilbert parent in .   parapan am games (note: cbc does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) two p.e.i. athletes are preparing to head to the parapan am games in toronto, which starts friday.   parathon inc, a direct sales and marketing company based in baltimore, insist that a thoroughly created business plan is key to success for any company.   parent category: front page created on tuesday, october : last updated on monday, november : written by leslie radford hits: " it appears that there are again listings that do not conjoin or coordinate with different dates.   parents are worried that tsat does not have proven experience in this area and want the decision to be fair, transparent and to give them a choice in the future of their children’s education.   paris performed marginally better in the top list of cities for marriage proposals, placing a modest fourth behind new york, los angeles and london.   paris perseveres despite terror attacks (pictures) view gallery.   parking is free on weekends and after p.m. on weekdays.   "partial skeletons are quite rare in the primate fossil record," alba said.   participants can follow their box online to discover where in the world their gift is delivered by using the donation form found at samaritanspurse.   participants including nobel literature laureate kenzaburo oe and leaders of main opposition parties gathered in front of the parliament building, waving glow sticks and holding up placards reading "no war" and "scrap war legislation."   part of that business model change may be because guinness doesn't have records to itself anymore.   part of that new life will include an appointment as an adjunct professor at the university of british columbia’s school of journalism, as well as a book he is writing about his experiences.   part of that time spent in paris, living about one kilometre away from the charlie hebdo office.   'parts unknown': korea photos tony befriends a group of businessmen for some korean barbecue at mapo jeong daepo.   passing out is not the same as restorative sleep.   past winners feature names such as rahul, sathwik, akhil, and this year was no different.   paterno's son, scott paterno, reacted to the news on twitter: ncaa's new defense: "we acted in good faith."   patients should stop taking the drug after eight weeks if they do not see any improvement, notes the fda release.   “patients truly experience all kinds of suffering,” said an expert in the syndrome, psychiatrist jesús ramírez-bermúdez at the national institute of neurology and neurosurgery of mexico.   patrick injected the drug and immediately overdosed.   patriots coach bill belichick may be a straight-a student of the game, but sometimes even those at the top of the class will cave to pressure and cheat.   patrons can choose from chocolate with condensed milk glaze, nectar cream with cream of ice cream glaze and satsuma with vanilla bean cardamom glaze.   paul advocated for cutting military spending with overall government spending, hitting rubio for wanting to increase defense dollars.   paul de barros: pdebarros@seattletimes.com or -- or on twitter @pdebarros no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   paulsen: people with alzheimer’s have a limited window in which they will be able to articulate their wishes for future care, living arrangements, finances and legal matters, so planning must begin early in the mild stages of decline.   pavlovic, who is married and the father of two young children, admits being away from them takes its toll.   “paying more doesn’t say very much.   payments of wages, tax credits and disability living allowance were among those that failed to be credited to accounts.   pay the ghost - trailer no. the captive - trailer no. eight years after the disappearance of cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive.   paz said because customers are able to come in and hang out, the job doesn't seem like work to them.   pccc is also organizing in early primary states to ensure that its supporters are at clinton's public events to ask her if she agrees with elizabeth warren on economic issues.   peace is people exchanging knowledge and ideas.   peacekeepers to burundi on friday the -nation au said it would send a , strong force to burundi to halt the violence amid fears that the country was sliding towards civil war.   pediatricians to tweak 'outdated' screen time recommendations for kids avoiding sexy costumes for kids from our partners mortgage rates hit .% apr ( yr).   p.e.i. has faced criticism from the canadian taxpayers federation as one of three provinces that does not index income tax brackets.   pemberton says communities are less vibrant when their downtown retailers struggle.   pension liabilities grew percent in the third quarter, as returns fell . percent, according to global consulting firm milliman.   people addicted to cocaine were times more likely to also be addicted to heroin, while marijuana addicts had a threefold increase.   people are celebrating the fact that they can get married.   people are colouring colouring pages.   people at work be warned: he calls cosby an a—hole.   people cool off from the heat at the miroir d'eau (mirror of water), a public art piece on the quay of the garonne river, during a warm summer day in bordeaux, southwestern france in june.   people couldn't believe all this great food was being dumped.   “people don’t realize how hard it is to have that expectation … everybody talking about it all of the time,” nebraska head coach john cook said.   “people had no idea we even still existed.”   people have speculated that u.s. steel bought the stelco plant to eliminate the competition, but bradford doubts that.   people in the city lived amidst earthen mounds, some more than feet ( meters) in height.   "people knew about this gun, it didn't just show up.   people might become cynical “if we do not tell them which actions really make a difference and which ones do not,” gates said.   people often seek a local replacement if they move to a new area.   people remember me back from '."   people sang during the journey and heard stories about the civil rights movement.   people smugglers have taken advantage of chaos in the north african country since the uprising that toppled and killed dictator moamer kadhafi to step up their lucrative business.   “people spend the next or years looking for it.   "people's pmqs" could give a real boost to regional newspapers and radio stations as local questioners become mini-celebs for a day.   "people think they need $ million to work with a planner," says cecilia beach brown, a certified financial planner at lincoln financial securities in annapolis, maryland.   people were confused," he recalled.   people were so crushed.   people who buy technology products have such high expectations for these gadgets that they are easily disappointed, he said.   people who drop litter could soon receive £ penalties dartford council leader jeremy kite (con) said: "litter in the town centre has become a black spot, and we need to deal with it.   “people who work with animals suffer a lot ofinjuries, including bites and scratches,” careercast online content editor kyle kensing, who wrote the report, told forbes.   pepco serves about million customers in the district of columbia, delaware, maryland and new jersey.   perfecting emergency heart surgery, he reasoned, isn’t as valuable as training people to live in such a way as to avoid heart disease.   perfect marriage chan's music for the short program is the rat pack standard mack the knife, and it is brilliantly choreographed by david wilson.   perfect world primarily develops online games based on proprietary game engines and game development platforms.   perhaps a compromise can be found – phased reductions in the arms embargo in exchange for proof iran's dismantling parts of its nuclear program.   perhaps even more pleasing to bangkok's military regime may be the appearance by many of the rioting thai actors wearing a piece of red clothing, creating a deadly catwalk of red pants, red shirts, red scarves or red bandanas.   perhaps her most prized trinket, while of no monetary value, transports her mind to the vibrant heart of old damascus, the sprawling al-hamidiyah souq inside the walled inner core of the syrian capital.   perhaps he sees that as the th century way.   perhaps it's time that mr. bharara use his hammer to place washington on notice that cyber security is an urgent priority.   "perhaps the revelation of low double-digit was a little worse than people had expected, but this is a long-term phenomenon for them whereby this group has finally gained critical mass," fbr capital markets analyst christopher rolland told reuters.   perhaps this was ortiz's way of refocusing his mind away from gaming and toward higher pursuits.   perhaps you have an emotional display or reveal some part of yourself, and instead of facing backlash you could receive praise, although just as well your emotions can be magnetized.   perkins collected two hits and drew a walk to reach in all three appearances while scoring a run.   permanent swap lines were set up after temporary arrangements were integral to surviving financial shocks.   perpetuating the myth of american independence, while it doesn't fully apply to all, cannibalizes the very hope of full emancipation and real equality.   perrigo has not yet responded to that offer, saying it would consult its board, but a source familiar with the matter said the company was set to reject mylan's bid as soon as this week.   perry chalks up part of the delay to a lack of staff inside dnd to properly manage the project, particularly during the busy years of the afghan war.   perry ran in but his campaign ended after a debate gaffe and several stump speech missteps.   perryton weight watchers meet every tuesday at first christian church at pm.   persistent underemployment, extremely low inflation and weak wage growth has kept the rate in place, with the fed worried the economy could still be vulnerable to tighter monetary conditions, six years after the recession ended.   personett struggled to score in the first half and finished with just eight points.   persuading the eu member states to harmonise their tax and insolvency laws would be politically impossible.   peta says the volunteer told them iris was rarely allowed into the larger area.   peter also says that doing the show had caused him to lose kg, remarking: “i began to look gaunt, so i don’t mind if the weight goes back on over christmas.”   petersen also said he’s learned a hard lesson: no more warming up the car on cold mornings.   peter weber jimmy kimmel and bob odenkirk not-so-subtly mock jimmy fallon's celebrity games china's citizens aren't panicking over the market crash.   petinglay also reiterated the directive of maj. gen. edmundo pangilinan, th id chief, to all unit commanders banning the use of motorbikes as mode of transportation of soldiers in maguindanao and to avoid travelling alone, whether armed or unarmed.   pg&e will pay bmw for the energy it returns to the grid.   phelps-roper increasingly found herself turning to bible passages where tragedy is not met with joy.   phoebe fung, who runs vin room west in westsprings, says customers have waited as long as two hours to get a cab to take them home.   photo credit models to follow on instagram a spirited handful to keep an eye on as fashion month rolls out.   photographer’s description: “nikon d was used for this image of the northern lights over the twin peaks above mendenhall glacier, with mendenhall river in the foreground.”   photographer’s description: “was out with a friend when we spied this orange dragonfly on an orange red-hot poker.   photo: leah millis / the chronicle drivers of luxury cars, like this alpina on display at bmw of san..   photo: liz hafalia / the chronicle measles literature seen at kaiser's emergency department check-in..   photos and videos that have been found to be authentic suggest that the plane was shot down with a russian surface-to-air missile.   photos: deadly attack at boston marathon photos a runner is comforted following the attack.   photoshop cc's custom toolbars and multiple artboards may be the most attractive improvements, but it's clear that adobe is keeping its promise to regularly improve performance across creative cloud.   photos: kim kardashian's past loves photos kim kardashian's past loves – what could nick lachey and kim kardashian possibly have in common?   photos: mars rover curiosity photos mars rover curiosity – this view of the landscape to the north of nasa's mars rover curiosity was acquired by the mars hand lens imager on the first day after landing.   photosphotos of the day - october , yahoo news trendingthe worst internet scams we’re still falling fordavid pogue copyright the associated press.   photos: political families photos political families – u.s. house minority leader nancy pelosi, d-california, is the daughter of thomas d'alesandro jr., who was baltimore's mayor and also represented the baltimore area in congress.   photos: rise and fall of aaron hernandez photos tattoos on hernandez's arm are visible during a pregame warmup on december , .   photos: severe storms ravage texas, oklahoma in wharton, about kilometres southwest of houston, the mayor asked residents to voluntarily evacuate about homes on the west side of the city due to the predicted rise of the colorado river.   photos: whitney houston through the years photos whitney houston through the years – houston appears with her husband at the time, bobby brown, at the soul train music awards in march .   picture: roarke alexander a kent police spokesman said: “it is not clear what the object is but in the interest of health and safety, a patrol has cordoned off the area.”   pinnguaq recently developed beneath floes, an interactive storytelling game based on inuit legends.   pinterest slashdot he that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone, etc. sure, it's easy to laugh at the unnamed australian government staffer who emailed world leaders' personal details to the wrong address.   pistorius, , a former paralympic gold medalist, is due after his planned release on friday to spend the balance of his sentence at his uncle's three-storey mansion in a leafy suburb of south africa's capital pretoria.   pittsburgh starting pitcher gerrit cole lamented his team’s situation.   pixar’s th pic follows dinosaur arlo, who befriends a caveboy in an alternate history of earth.   plans are already in the works for albums recorded by a slovenian band and an italian rock group, as well as giovachino's debut cd.   plans for a $ million performing-arts theater in mercer island’s town center — about a half-mile south of the city’s future light-rail station — have picked up momentum just one year after fundraising began.   plans take effect on new year's day for those who signed up through government-created marketplaces by dec. , .   plastic credit and debit cards aren't difficult to carry around and hand over, so there isn't an urgency to sign up for any of these services.   plastic waste in the ocean is a problem we know how to solve.   played: janice battersby (–) vicky quit the show after years in , and landed a role in panto shortly after.   players at the lounge shred on electric anthems such as the rolling stones' "gimme shelter," mountain's "mississippi queen" and blue oyster cult's "don't fear the reaper."   playing it safe is cooler than you think."   playing just six weeks after his wife heather had succumbed to cancer, clarke was roared on by a vociferous home crowd at the k club in dublin, ireland.   plaza pleaded guilty to murder in may in exchange for a prison sentence of years.   please adhere to these guidelines.   please check back tomorrow for more information.   please do not attempt to contact - press release newswire.   please do not show up on the first day of school, smile to my face, then gossip behind my back and expect me to take care of your child each day.   please, help us!"   please investigate," one tweet read.   please keep them civil, short and to the point.   please note: restrictions may differ within the exterior boundaries of the yakama reservation.   please register first!   please register to add a comment.   please use a supported version for the best msn experience.   plekanec patiently waited for neuvirth to go down before scoring.   plekanec scored from the top of the right circle at :.   plow in potrero hill has built a big brunch reputation for great egg dishes and other brunch favorites despite its small size, and the weekend wait reflects its popularity.   plus, being lighter can also make you faster and stronger.   plus, many are too busy standing in line to buy food.   plus, stream all your favorite cbs shows live, next day, or on demand anytime, anywhere.   plus these guys have plenty of vegetarian options, so there's something for everyone.   podlesney didn’t allow a runner past second until slattery rocketed a double in the sixth inning and advanced to third base on a long fly ball.   poe entered politics in and won her senate seat by a wide margin.   police also noted that motorists who are dropping children off at school should comply with any no parking or no stopping zones.   police and mall security quickly moved in, warning that any who did not leave would be arrested for violating mall policy against demonstrations and alerting shoppers that that area of the mall was on lockdown.   police are expected to remain on scene for a few more hours.   police are now appealing for witnesses to come forward with information on the accident on the a rye road at brookland, near rye.   police are searching for the building contractor.   police armed with metal detectors greet residents at mayor rahm emanuel's st public budget hearing.   police arrested three suspects, all of them white, after a confrontation between protesters and the men.   police have said macdonald and hubley did not know miller, but the murder victim knew johnson.   police initiated an investigation after several recordings of a male threatening to kill police officers was publicly posted on various social media sites.   police investigating email account that sent school threat police are investigating the email account that was used to send a bomb threat to los angeles schools.   police killed one dog at the scene and said they rounded up at least other pit bulls or pit bull mixes that were later euthanized.   police located phillips at a hotel in ottawa.   police officers allegedly discovered approximately weapons at moschetto's home, including hand grenades, high-capacity magazines and knives.   police responded to a call for a stabbing at jarvis st. at : p.m. they discovered a man suffering from what appeared to be multiple stab wounds.   police said a grenade was thrown at a police patrol, triggering gun battles.   police said dent threatened to kill officers after he was arrested after allegedly trying to flee from a police car that night.   police said it appeared that she had been punched.   police said it's unclear how serious the man's injuries are.   police said one man made it safely to shore, while the other was last seen hanging onto the overturned boat.   police said on thursday that an organisation called action against drugs, whose members include members of the provisional ira, were responsible for mr mcguigan's killing.   police said the gunman went into the rolex section of the store in roosevelt field mall shortly after p.m. and attempted to rob the store.   police say an -year-old man who was under hospice care was found dead along with his -year-old wife.   police say rhein didn't call local utility companies to cancel gas, electric and water services, which were cut off by crews after officers alerted them.   police say the -year-old victim asked a woman to move her bag so she could sit down.   police say the man was arrested yesterday without incident and will appear in court thursday.   police say the matter is still under investigation.   police say the suspect used a ladder to get up to the balcony of the victim's apartment in the block of south westmoreland avenue after midnight on july , ktla reports.   police say they found the naked man sitting on his car by the side of the interstate."   police sources told cbc news that ibrahim was carrying crack cocaine when he was arrested.   polish film ida - centred around a young woman training to be a nun - won the award for film not in the english language.   "politicians are not going to give money to rehab!"   politicians are talking about new measures to implement, but some are highly contentious.   poll: is klentak the right choice for the phils as gm?   polluted air, on the other hand, contains water-soluble particles, leading to clouds with more, yet smaller, water droplets.   ponsolle's son's behavior has included "hitting himself on the head, screaming loudly, crying, throwing things, and biting his arm until it bleeds."   ponta's protective shield still remains intact.   poor access to good nutrition can continue to be a problem because refugee families often cannot afford more expensive, healthier options and may resort to less expensive fast-food alternatives as part of their new canadian diet.   pope's 'angel' remark sparks devilish debate he also argued implicitly against premarital sex.   portugal is selling eu residency permits to any rich foreigners willing to pay.   portuguese equivalents were bps down at . percent.   possible fifa sanctions could include having to play the next home qualifier, which would be against china in november, behind closed doors.   possible messengers include greek prime minister alexis tsipras, european central bank president mario draghi, european union president donald tusk and european commission president jean-claude juncker.   possibly, but rumored features like a blood pressure monitor and blood oxygen trackers which would make this a slam dunk were left out of the apple watch.   posted by brian mcentee on august , at : pm gear prudence: i’ve ridden my bike to work for a few years, and i’ve developed a reputation on my street for being the “bike guy.”   posted by jeff prosperie on saturday, june , although prosperie said he was not hit by the blade of the ax, he did suffer a couple of cuts on his wrist.   potential presidential candidates photos louisiana gov. bobby jindal said recently it's too early to announce whether he'll run.   potential adopters need to bring id with a current address, a pet carrier, and some patience — the adoption process can take as long as an hour.   potential candidates need the support of five national football associations in order to stand for election.   poverty underpins many girls’ lack of access to disposable sanitary towels.   power tube has additional utilities such as selfie capabilities and powerpoint navigation.   power was also shut off to homes and businesses within two or three blocks of the roxy for several hours, but has now been restored to all but the immediately neighbouring buildings.   pratt, the harrison ford heir apparent, slides perfectly into the film.   "pray for those injured," he said.   premier greg selinger says he is keeping an open mind and awaiting consultations, but believes there are upsides to letting people under cast ballots.   prepare to live on less pessimism reigns among baby boomers when it comes to thinking about their retirement years: percent expect their standard of living to fall, according to a recent study by the transamerica center for retirement studies.   prepare yourself for the food to get old.   president barack obama is applauding congress for passing a $. trillion bill to fund the government and avert the possibility of a shutdown for the first nine months of next year.   president ernest bai koroma announced in early june he was imposing the curfew in the worst-hit parts of the northwestern districts of kambia and port loko.   "president hollande has declared a state of emergency and president obama has promised that the united states will do whatever it takes to bring those terrorists to justice.   president obama shows the resolute desk in the oval office to charles, prince of wales and camilla, duchess of cornwall.   president wants $ bn minsk agreement is putin’s red herring.   previous experience says: "this is how it is done", but my recent experience has taught me that we can do things differently, and not always "by the book".   previously, carriers offered two-year contracts that included subsidized phones.   previous: man kills father, injures mother in fight over food, jpso says authorities with the jefferson parish sheriff's office said pritchett was visiting his parents when he became enraged after a dispute over food.   previous research has ruled out two viruses thought to be causing me/cfs, including xenotropic murine leukemia virus and murine retrovirus-like sequences.   prices are not being driven as much by demand as they are by incredibly tight inventory.   prices fell for eight consecutive months through december last year before rising in january.   "prices have been high and the fishermen have been very happy with what they received."   priebus and other leading republicans are concerned about the possibility of a repeat of the elections, when about percent of non-white voters backed obama, leading mitt romney to defeat even as he performed very strongly among whites.   primary residence: a) primary means main or usual and residence means where you live, according to the crown.   prime minister christie further stated, "in addition the government of the bahamas has commenced the accession process to the world trade organization.   prime minister hun sen, a former khmer rouge soldier who said he defected, last week reiterated his warning of a descent into conflict if the tribunal widens its net.   prime minister matteo renzi, who reportedly demanded that lupi quit as soon as the scandal broke, refuted suggestions the episode would damage his government's credibility or upset the balance of his coalition.   prime minister nawaz sharif partially lifted the moratorium in december, allowing it to be used in terrorism-related cases.   prime minister shinzo abe, who was traveling in the middle east, vowed to save the men.   prime minister tony abbott confirmed that "there's been at least one arrest."   printability is the super instrument for printing pages directly from your browser.   » print email link respond to editor friday, june , the cape girardeau police department released the following items.   prior to the screening, filmmakers from the new film, i spit on your grave (also running at arena screen), will be in conversation with director james cullen bressack, who curated the film.   prison laborers produced items such as farmed tilapia, goat cheese, and farmed trout.   privacy international's report said finfisher had been deployed against opponents of ugandan president yoweri museveni during protests against his government.   private groups say about , have fled myanmar by sea since .   proceeds also go to certain lions causes such as the leader dogs for the blind and the texas lions camp for handicapped kids to name a few.   producers of the stalwart, low-tech show said wednesday that the musical will close on may , the th anniversary of the show's opening in .   production is down , barrels a day from a four-decade high of . million reached in june.   prof colin riordan, chairman of universities wales, said on monday that ministers faced difficult choices, but universities wanted them to give more priority to poorer students.   professor ian buruma talks to dw about the differences in how the japanese and germans perceive their wartime guilt.   professor ijaz khan points out that national language mattered in the world of the s and s because nation states were asserting their individuality at that time, which is not the case now.   profit rose to $ million, or cents per share, in the period.   'progress made' but no agreement on greece in brussels .. eurozone finance ministers and greece have been unable to agree on how to deal with athens' debt problems.   project fi will automatically recognize if an invited email address is tied to google voice, and from there you get two options: use your google voice number with fi, or lose it entirely if you don't.   promise of swift and speedy response tsipras made it clear that the message - that time was of the essence - had been received and understood.   promotional pricing and deep discounts by some foreign competitors eroded market share in the third quarter, president and chief operating officer marc bitzer said on a conference call following whirlpool's third-quarter earnings report.   propelling the personal volunteering initiatives, vivacell-mts general manager ralph yirikian has donated amd ,, from the personal funds for the solution of this vital issue.   property rights are a compelling topic for a northwest campaign swing - many residents in the states paul is visiting this week feel strongly about the issue.   property taxes in the city have doubled since and were up twenty-nine per cent in , to make up for the drop in tax revenue from the casinos and in the taxable value of the property.   ' prosecutor gerrie nel, however, said pistorius might be a flight risk, considering the severity of his crime and the possibly tough sentence that awaits him, and said conditions for bail should be extremely tight.   prosecutors also showed video surveillance from inside hernandez's home the morning after lloyd was killed and a few hours after shaneah jenkins learned from police that lloyd was dead.   prosecutors are believed to be nearing the end of their case against tsarnaev.   prosecutors have said they have dna evidence tying matthew to the attack.   prosecutors in xiamen could not be immediately reached for comment.   prosecutors said they had already laid charges against lu, along with the company’s special effects technician, liao chun-ming (廖俊明), and chiu, the equipment operator.   prosecutors say the couple lured white to the downtown continental hotel in november and killed him while acting out a fantasy about carving up a human being.   prosecutors, they said, were likely to depict the crimes as having affected not only those killed and injured but nearly the entire greater boston community.   prosecutor warren diepraam has said information on her marijuana use may be relevant to the case in determining her state of mind.   "protecting a ship is a legal right of any crew," she said in a statement.   protesters also have called for emanuel to resign.   protesters burned ballot boxes in several restive states in southern mexico, but officials called the disruptions "isolated incidents."   proud bakers in the kitchen.   providers must take patients' complaints more seriously, get them quick copies of test results and other records, and encourage them to ask, "could it be something else?"   providing a stage for the vibrant musical demonstrates miramar cultural center/artspark's strong commitment to dance and culture as an integral part of the performing arts experience.   proving this notion has been more difficult.   psi technology allows dr. pospisil to map out the entire knee replacement surgery in advance by using data retrieved from the patient's mri.   public protests have erupted across the nation and people were charged in a highly publicized killing that was recorded and posted on social media.   puking taxi passengers will have to stomach new fine, city says along the way, the -year-old passenger vomited inside the taxi.   pulitzer prize-winning photographers on the star-studded trips -- which range from one to two weeks -- include ken geiger and jay dickman.   pushkov said this could damage dialogue among european parliaments, but wrote thursday on twitter that this "doesn't mean the self-isolation of russia."   putin did not attend the meeting — the only leader of the five permanent members of the u.n. security council, which approves peacekeeping missions, not to be there.   putin said even if "someone has done something wrong," russia "has nothing to do with it."   putnam spent thursday night in and around downtown bellevue.   "put simply, there are bad guys all around and good guys who are not accustomed to working with each other."   pyongyang's state newspaper rodong sinmun said in an editorial, " years have passed since the u.s. imperialists and their running dog syngman rhee, and his puppet faction, launched an invasion of north korea."   qantas has been trying to turn around its business amid stiff competition.   qatari foreign minister khaled al-attiyah on monday backed the deal on iran's nuclear program as the best available option, after talks in doha with us secretary of state john kerry.   q: carrie fisher, of "star wars" fame, plays rob's mom on "catastrophe."   q: do you have a list of the drugs that should not be prescribed to elderly people?   q. how would you address critics who say wal-mart should go beyond the wage increase it announced?   q: the office team is building a bunch of standalone office apps for mobile windows users.   quadrus has also been fined $, for failing to supervise its employee.   qualifier kimiko date-krumm, ranked no. and the oldest player on the tour at , rallied to beat th-ranked sabine lisicki, -, -(), -, and meets th-ranked karolina pliskova in the second round.   quashing rumors that russia would no longer support assad, putin said on monday that his country's policy "which is intended to support syria, syria's leaders and its people, remains unchanged."   quasi modo was abandoned at an animal shelter before being adopted by a veterinarian in loxahatchee, florida, according to his biography posted on the contest's website.   quebec premier philippe couillard has said the province is ready to accept new refugees fleeing war and terrorism.   questions were raised about the killing of gilbert flores, , after a bystander's cellphone video showed him holding up his hands before deputies opened fire.   quickly, the ensemble gathered entirely on stage, dressed regally in dark suits with red ties and matching pocket sleeves, and jointly completed the african spiritual-inspired number.   quinnipiac surveyed , voters nationwide between may and may . the margin of error is . percentage points.   quotes delayed at least minutes.   quotes in the article bayerische motoren werke ag the mkz will get a new . liter turbo-charged engine lincoln says will deliver horsepower through an all-wheel drive system.   quotes in the article exxon mobil corporation chesapeake energy corp natural gas futures for february delivery traded up about .% in advance of the eia's report, at around $. per million btus, and traded around $. after the data release.   quotes in the article goldman sachs group inc but in a sign of how mr. bush’s fundraising pace has slowed down, he raised less from the financial industry in the last three months than he did in the first days of his campaign alone.   qu said , troops will take part in the sept. event, showcasing pieces of equipment of about different types along with almost aircraft of more than types, qu said.   q. where will the stockpile of enriched uranium and centrifuges go as they are drawn down?   race was never mentioned during the trial.   rachel gordon, san francisco public works spokeswoman, says the plan is “to make sure they are used for their intended uses and that they are in decent condition for the next person to use.”   radioshack spokeswoman merianne roth declined to comment.   rafael lugo, aerospace engineer nasa langley research center lugo is working on simulating the trajectory for nasa's space launch system, a rocket that is supposed to bring astronauts across the solar system.   rafi says west is known to do the unexpected and "we may never know" whether his departure was staged.   rahman said the government's iron rule masked its "sliding popularity" amid a raft of corruption scandals in a country where around a third of the million population live below the poverty line.   railcard holders travelling on peak trains on the virgin trains network along the west coast mainline will need to buy an advance ticket for travel at peak times or an anytime ticket to get your railcard discount.   railway authorities have ordered an investigation into the incident.   rajapaksa had called this election two years early, confident that the usually fractured opposition would fail to come up with a credible candidate.   rajaratnam and kumar are among six people, including chiesi, kurland, and moffat, charged by the sec.   ralston turner’s two free throws with . seconds left gave the wolfpack a three-point lead, and ‘nova couldn’t get a potential game-tying shot off.   rami abdurrahman, director of the observatory, also confirmed kobani was entirely in kurdish hands.   ramos' sister, sindy, said there weren't "any words to express the gratitude that my sister-in-law and i have for the tunnel to towers foundation.   random things happen," nicholls said.   ranieri met the leicester squad on monday and is set to remain with the group for their training camp in austria, seeing the team in action for the first time on tuesday next week against lincoln city.   rasool, a former taliban governor, was named the leader of the offshoot during a gathering of dissident taliban fighters in afghanistan's farah province.   rates were highest in b.c. at per cent in and lowest in alberta at per cent.   rather than reaching a binding agreement, with economic incentives for good behavior and sanctions for scofflaws, the delegates settled for a what a skeptic might describe as a common expression of good intentions.   ravelo resigned from willkie last november and was criminally charged the following month.   ray wants a comfortable relationship with his young son, which seems as far out of reach as this unmet dream: "i used to want to be an astronaut," he says.   r&b singer miguel, who headlined levi's pre-grammy concert last year, performed "how many drinks," where he was joined by kendrick lamar, who is nominated for two grammys at sunday's show.   rcmp could not confirm the level of the injuries or if the men involved planned to attend the concert.   reach him at -- or jlarge@seattletimes.com. twitter @jerrylarge view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   reactions to charleston church shooting photos sandra bridges lays a card at a memorial on june . peter bergen is cnn's national security analyst, a vice president at new america and a professor of practice at arizona state university.   read about our approach to external linking.   read: africa cup hosted by land of 'extortion' it may be the third largest oil producer in sub-saharan africa and have a gdp to rival many a western nation but more than three-quarters of equatoguineans live in poverty, says the world bank.   read: another cliff for congress?   reader’s lens: here’s why they’re called killer whales originally published september , at : pm updated september , at : pm an orca breaches with a harbor porpoise in its jaws, in the san juan islands.   reading the press around the region, many of our citizens were concerned that there was a double standard operation where we seemed to express outrage at the deaths in paris, but not the horror in northern nigeria.   read: lindsey graham headed to iowa as a result, brand name conservatives in the state like mulvaney, rep. trey gowdy and rep. jeff duncan all declined to challenge him for pragmatic reasons.   read more about what fueled walter fernandes' cinematic adventure at the spaces.   read more from john sudworth here on why small investors have been some of the hardest hit.   read more help homeless get medical treatment and housing dr. jim withers used to walk the streets of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, dressed like a homeless person, rubbing dirt in his hair and muddying up his clothes.   read more just watched unknown player to win goal of the year?   read more parents of dead students left in the dark?   read more press releases from james watson: comment on this story..   read more related story: remembering pearl harbor day with " planes," the caf hopes to rescue or preserve a dozen planes that represent historic milestones in military aviation.   read more: who are the pakistan taliban?   read more "you've been walking on us for years and we really do appreciate it" encouraging faith, inspiring change, sharing life giving homeless animals a second chance.   read suspects that if beijing wins the bid to host the winter games, then china might start devoting resources to alpine events.   read what else is making the headlines in scottish sport here.   realising the danger of breaking into lorries, sikander decided to open the first restaurant in the camp.   realism will be important in planning for these dreams as you are more inclined towards pie in the sky idealism.   reashore said the office is just starting to design the program now.   rebecca kaplan rebecca kaplan is a political reporter for cbsnews.com. more face the nation will congress heed tax/jobless expiration dates?   rebecca mead joined the new yorker as a staff writer in .   recent data shows that arch rival apple inc caught up to or surpassed samsung as the world's top smartphone maker in the fourth quarter.   recent events overseas have prompted the worry, including the deadly terror attacks in paris, a shooting spree at a mali hotel and the bombing of a russian jetliner, using a pop can.   recently active volcanoes photos western mexico's colima volcano emits lava in october .   recently, ahrar al-sham has tried to portray itself as a moderate rebel group fighting both assad's forces and is extremists.   recently, usatf signed a deal to extend nike’s sponsorship through at an average of about us$ million per year.   record earnings, stunning iphone sales and the take off of apple pay represent incredible achievements.   records highs were logged monday and tuesday in parts of washington and oregon as one of the mildest winters continues in the northwest.   records show he was released in .   recovery of the ironclad will cost between $ million and $ million, corps officials said.   red bull team : "a tragic loss.   red cross: strikes kill nearly civilians in yemen civilian casualties are mounting in yemen yemen: why it matters houthi officials: provinces hit in past hours red cross: 'disturbing reports' of yemen casualties what's the endgame in yemen?   redder – sunscreen, people, sunscreen. photos: travel makes you..   redfern said a new election would ensure "electoral fairness, transparency and accountability."   rediscovering the joy of coloring is not only fun, experts say it is also good for us.   redmond has completed a mile-long portion of permanent trail on its piece of the eastside rail corridor through its downtown.   redskins , rams landover, md. - rookie matt jones ran for yards and two touchdowns, an efficient kirk cousins avoided turnovers, and washington held on for the win.   redskins coach jay gruden confirmed that culliver was injured but didn't go into specifics.   red truck brewery's truck stop the craft microbrewery recently opened their truck stop diner in the southeast false creek flats, on east first avenue off of main street.   re-elected to a second term in november, kasich was the last republican candidates to enter the race.   referee brad watson handed the canadiens tough guy penalty minutes on the play, including a game misconduct.   regardless of israeli lobbying, however, odds were slim that u.s. lawmakers would be able to derail the deal.   regardless, they are scripted in cooperation with the chairman and chief legal counsel.   "regardless when the story runs," he wrote, it "still means you’re the first reporter who can report anything from the office."   regina police should be in charge of enforcing any tougher rules regarding dogs in the back of pickup trucks, a city hall report says.   register or log in via facebook, twitter, linkedin, google+ or your kentonline account to post comments.   regular readers of the lincoln journal will also acknowledge that the commission made a suddenly-needed $, contribution just three weeks ago to the lincoln psd when funding for those same two projects was at serious risk.   reid did not elaborate.   reid joined lasalle network in august of as a business development manager.   reinvented the bbc is not responsible for the content of external internet sites sisters 'split to cross syria border' three bradford sisters and their nine children have crossed the border into syria in two separate groups, an is smuggler tells the bbc.   related: airline profits soar as fuel prices drop, but fliers face bumpy ride investigative sources say they're looking at how often airline executives have publicly used the word "discipline."   related: a link between alzheimer's and sleep?   related: americans buying more cars than ever next the contract goes to a vote among rank and file uaw members at ford.   related: china posts its worst growth in years russia is expected to be among the hardest hit nations, with the imf predicting a % contraction this year, followed by another % decline in .   related: exclusive: trump lashes out at 'vicious, horrible' lawyer over breast pump break "if you think about the humor," he adds, "'des moines: hell yes' is funny because it's built-in irony.   related: hated' ceo lowering price of $ aids drug shkreli rants on twitter shkreli is controversial.   related: macy's sales slump as foreign touirsts stop spending consumer stocks are hot: despite all of this, consumer stocks have excelled this year.   related: media stocks in fresh decline led by disney . uncertainty around the fed's timing.   related: oil sinks below $ for st time since the other big loser this week was energy stocks.   related: oil will never return to $, saudi prince says chasing dollars can backfire: employees entering the oil industry would benefit from recalling the history of boom-and-bust cycles in texas.   related: putin wants russian films to be about crimea and military glory the film was due in hundreds of cinemas across russia after premiering in london on friday.   related: startups emerge behind bars cnnmoney (new york) august , : : pm et millions of job openings!   related stories rcmp search for missing bear island man an "extensive" air and ground search for a -year-old man from bear island who has not been seen since friday afternoon is expected to continue overnight tuesday.   related stories think you know europe?   related stories winnipeg blue bombers' jamaal westerman earns cfl monthly award winnipeg blue bombers quarterback drew willy, who has been sidelined by injury for over a month, says he's taking things week by week and is hoping to return to the field.   related: subprime car lending is up under the proposed settlement, the ftc said first american title lending and finance select, the parent company of fast cash title pawn, have agreed to stop using misleading advertisements.   related: trump says he's worth $ billion perry has looked to parlay his executive experience from years as governor to distinguish himself from his republican rivals.   related: u.k. to businesses: pay your workers more!   related: walker says boy scout ban on gay leaders 'protected children' his comments come as republicans court socially conservative voters in the wake of the supreme court's june decision legalizing same-sex marriage everywhere in the united states.   related: what is molly and why is it dangerous?   related: why one iphone fan dumped android after trying it for miserable months we’ll start with the positives: casabona absolutely loved the iphone ’s camera, which he said takes better photos than any other smartphone he’s tried.   relatives of people who've fallen to police and vigilante violence shared what their loved ones did that made them smile, and how the memory of their lives motivates them to continue fighting for justice.   relatives of russell and williams had harsh words for police and the court system.   "releasing someone at the end of their sentence does not make a safe community."   religious or cultural preferences should be included in your plan as well.   remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned.   removing the flag was "one small thing that we can do" to heal that divide, he said.   removing the seasonal nature of running an ice cream business is the next challenge for solley’s.   rena spill, new zealand - oct. in october , a liberian-flagged cargo ship ran aground on a reef in northern new zealand and began leaking oil.   renegade is known for highlighting handmade goods by local indie makers.   rental resource is the organization’s biweekly column.   rep. joe fitzgibbon, a democrat from burien who was prime sponsor of inslee's cap-and trade bill, lauded the governor's announcement.   rep. john garamendi, d-calif.,is also considering running for..   reporter marlee ginter said, "talk to me about why you want to stay..   reports claimed after film director guy ritchie divorced madonna that he was now only referring to her as "it", a reference to stephen king's terrifying clown character, pennywise.   reports said a blast was heard from a toilet stall, filling the front carriage with choking white smoke, and bringing the train to an emergency stop as passengers rushed through carriages to get away.   reports suggest the move is because of high staff and material costs, not a political reaction to turkey's attacks on kurds.   representatives for uber and lyft did not respond to request for comment.   reproductive justice does not just mean the right to a safe and legal abortion.   republican rep. greg hertz, who added the amendment, said he did so to extend rights to parents who are not religious, giving them a route to opt out of vaccinations.   republican rep. will hurd, of texas, a member of the house homeland security committee, said there's currently no evidence malik's radicalization would have been readily apparent when she was evaluated for a fiancée visa.   republicans and democrats stand on opposite sides of this question as well, with % of republicans in favor of sending ground troops and % of democrats opposed.   republicans have been long urging gowdy to call clinton to testify.   republicans have charged clinton violated the law, but her campaign maintains that clinton has done nothing wrong.   republicans: it's all about beating hillary clinton "i was viewed as a threat, and i won.   republicans quickly criticized clinton's comments: yes, we are at war with radical islamic terrorism.   republicans regard passage of a budget as important because it would let them use "reconciliation" budget rules.   research also shows that african-americans and hispanics suffer disproportionately higher rates of dementia than the country's whites.   researchers are eagerly awaiting results of the mission to see how much more the body changes after a year in space.   researchers then provided analysis of the participants' personalized responses to food.   research firm gartner estimates that in the next years, one-third of the population in developed countries will be years or older, thus making it impossible to keep everyone who needs care in the hospital.   "research has also shown that underage drinking may progress onward to a serious alcohol problem in adults."   research has found that americans are only inclined to support such a move when a clear objective has been defined, he said.   research has tied it to antibiotic resistance among germs, and allergies and hormone disruption in people.   research now tells us that dogs will look us in the eye, track our eye movements (at the level of a -month-old child) and even distinguish between our emotional expressions.   reshaping campaigns the financial reports for bush’s campaign committee make clear how much the innovations are beginning to change his campaign infrastructure.   residents can take hours to commute by bus from one part of the city to another.   residents evacuate — kolr kozl (@kolrkozl) december , cbs affiliate kolr reports the fire department ordered the evacuation, and has not provided possible return times for residents.   residents of the diamond lake area remain on notice to be ready to evacuate.   residents will be able to see how their votes change the way the district is run, with all of the council’s seats up for grabs.   responsible for all u.s. military activities in countries and territories covering more than million square miles of europe, africa, and the middle east and involving approximately , u.s. troops.   responsible leaders, like mr. chopra, who commit to public service in this great country, should be celebrated, and not shamed."   "restarted iranian production will likely place a ceiling over prices in ," said david fyfe, head of research at gunvor in geneva.   results from drug abuse resistance education, the widely used program typically aimed at fifth- or sixth-graders, show that dare graduates are up to five times less likely to begin smoking compared to their non-dare counterparts.   resveratrol is at it again, with one study showing it may improve memory, and another suggesting it may help brain cells survive a stroke by hiking up the levels of a protective enzyme in the brain.   retail pullout some industry watchers believe ambivalence may be bitcoin's biggest problem.   re … the carcass of a horse was seen lying on the shoulder of the road between cobb and middletown, a stretch of highway where miles of houses were laid to waste on both sides.   rethink training and development: to what extent are your company's training and development efforts targeting the values, behaviors and character-building needed to move beyond rules-based thinking?   retired lt. col. rick francona, a cnn military analyst and former intelligence officer, said obama's decision is simply "kicking this can down the road" for the next president.   reunification will also be an enormous challenge in the field of law that we need to work on very concretely.   … (reuters) - netflix inc said on thursday it has increased the subscription rate for some new members by $. a month to $. in the united states, canada and latin america.   revenues from digital tv screens in airports during the transition period of the divestiture, some advertising contracts signed by airmedia's sales team were carried forward after the share transfer.   reynolds returned to start the second half but sat again for part of the fourth quarter as a precautionary measure.   ricardo lockette is a tremendous special teams player — and, yes, that stuff does really matter.   rice's importance as a staple in regions around the world makes it a priority for food researchers.   richard nixon came to office declaring his intention "to nominate to the supreme court individuals who shared my judicial philosophy, which is basically a conservative philosophy" and during his first term promptly put four justices on the court.   richmond fed president jeffrey lacker has long called for a prompt tightening of monetary policy and repeated on friday his views that consumer spending, the labor market and other economic conditions have improved significantly over the last year.   richter said she was not arrested and he did not know her identity.   "rick owens does not claim responsibility for the act of protest by a model at the spring summer show.   rick roth, a spokesman for canada's foreign minister, said any two-state solution must be negotiated and mutually agreed upon by both states.   right after the shooting, marquez called his mother to say he was safe but that he wouldn't be coming home, neighbor lorena aguirre said.   right fielder kole calhoun hit the first pitch of the game from kluber into the seats in right field for his th home run of the year, giving the angels a - lead.   right in front of caesars palace!" one exclaims.   "right now the authorities have found some connections that linked to the attacks in bangkok, and they are now tracing the perpetrators from evidence at the scene," sansern said.   "right now, we're looking to speak to his son, who was the last person to see him alive," a police spokesman said in a statement.   rights activist demand the reforms of the controversial blasphemy laws, which were introduced by zia-ul-haq in the s.   rights groups and western governments have criticized the detentions.   riley, who now coaches for the univ. of nebraska, released the following statement: “yesterday, i was made aware of a complaint filed in the state of oregon concerning a previously unknown incident to me in october .   riot police and security barriers had also blocked off the historic independence square, where the activists had planned to converge overnight.   rio, which produces iron ore and copper, retreated as much as . percent in london, and traded . percent lower at ￡. at :am yesterday.   rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are causing oceans to warm, they say, bleaching the reef's corals to death.   "rivalry is one word that they used," said lori hoetger, one of the university of nebraska-lincoln researchers who authored the study published in the journal of family violence.   rivers was of for yards.   riyadh will be the largest bureau with around employees.   robbins, a leader of the effort against the new framework, said it gives special emphasis to race, gender and ethnic identities.   rob cunningham, who is with the canadian cancer society, says yukon needs to get legislation in place.   robert jackson holds a sign during a protest in shooting death of walter scott at city hall in north charleston, s.c., wednesday, april , .   roboticist heather knight and her comedy partner, ginger the robot, talk about their work in social robotics.   rodney driscoll added a major decision in lehman’s victory.   rodriguez has sued major league baseball, its player's union and the yankees' team doctor following the biogenesis saga, but the lawsuits have been dropped.   rodriguez was transported to wyckoff hospital with head injuries; the bus driver was also taken to a local hospital to be treated for shock.   rogers still has his teeth, and has five children.   rolling stone: why is beirut's brutal terrorist attack being ignored?   roman sadovsky, canada: this is a skater on the rise – he finished in fourth place in the senior men's category at canadian nationals and competed at the junior grand prix final in barcelona, where he finished in fifth place.   romeny and bush received invitations to this weekend's gathering, but aren't expected to attend.   romney and his wife ann were watching with ryan's family inside the house chamber as he took the oath of office.   ronald johnson and his mother, dorothy holmes.   ron myers lives a few homes down from where the incident happened.   ronnie got some of his old sparkle back, as he played god save the queen from memory, reminding his family of the man he'd once been.   ron paul launched a bid for the presidency perhaps as importantly these were not geeky, tweedy and bow-tied students aping their elders.   rory mcilroy celebrates birthday in style updated gmt ( hkt) may , rory mcilroy defeated american gary woodland & in sunday's final.   rosehill cemetery didn't offer comment to cbs on the clown, but said it hasn't noticed any vandalism in the cemetery since it heard the report.   rosenberg tells me of other potential overlays for gaming and video editing (minecraft controls, perhaps?) and custom layouts for art programs like coreldraw.   ross and livingstone have been training with the exoskeleton every week since the study began.   rotbart suggests teaching students to run the water a little first and then drink.   roughly percent said suicide bombings and other violence against civilians was never justified to defend islam from its enemies, compared to just percent who said it was sometimes or often justified.   rousseff has repeatedly denied knowing about corruption at petrobras, though she chaired the oil firm's board from to when much of the alleged graft took place.   route maps will be available at the start of each hike section.   roy also thanked the members of his lsic team, drawn from his staff and leaders in the local community.   rr said the buyer is "a top rock 'n' roll collector in rhode island," but did not disclose a name.   rubio, whose parents came to the united states from cuba in the s, was equally dismissive.   rudge also an argos home playoff game would also be played at rogers centre.   ruffalo appears in nearly every scene, and he's excellent as chain-smoking cam, infusing even his most erratic behaviors with a tender sweetness.   rules committee chairman pete sessions of texas pointed a friendly finger toward huelskamp and told reporters: "we are working with members to listen to them about what they want and what they're going to support."   ruling party politicians in oromiya have accused opposition groups of stoking clashes between protesters and police.   runners either did a five kilometre or one kilometre course.   russell westbrook scored points, one shy of the all-star record, and the western conference beat the east - on sunday night in the highest-scoring all-star game ever.   russia and iran have been assad's main allies in the conflict, while saudi arabia, other gulf arab states and western powers have supported rebels fighting to overthrow him.   russia has encouraged "frozen conflicts" elsewhere in its neighbourhood, for instance in georgia and moldova where it has fuelled separatist movements just enough to keep the countries unstable and make them unattractive partners for the west.   russia has for years reveled in its re-emergence as a sports superpower, the pinnacle coming when it topped the medal tally at its home winter olympics in sochi last year.   russia has not given the names of the fsa groups it is talking about.   russia last week launched airstrikes in syria at the request of its long-standing ally president bashar al-assad.   russian economy shrinks too separatist violence has not only weighed on kyiv.   “russia now is not even among ukraine’s top importers of food.   russian president, hunter and sports enthusiast, vladimir putin wears many hats.   russian president vladimir putin photos putin shakes hands with famous russian gymnasts alina kabayeva, center, and svetlana khorkina in march .   russian su- attack planes which are deployed in syria are from this regiment, activists say.   ruth milkman, a sociologist of labor at the city university of new york graduate center, said she was less optimistic that it would become common for big, wealthy companies to play this role.   ruth porat, formerly the cfo of morgan stanley, received a $ million-plus cash and stock deal from google for making the transition from wall street to silicon valley.   ruthven succeeds andrew barkla who, according to sap, has departed the company to take on a new leadership role outside of the industry.   ryan flaherty followed with a two-run triple and scored on a two-out single by manny machado.   ryan mathews had only yards.   ryland credits his parents with letting him be who he wanted to be.   sages are people who have spent a lot of time in business.   said plat and the record­ed copy there­of are here­by made a part of this de­scrip­tion by ref­er­ence there­to in aid of a more com­plete and ac­cu­rate de­scrip­tion.   salomon kalou (hertha berlin) the veteran ivory coast striker looked to have rescued a point for the capital club when he headed an equaliser at schalke before max meyer struck a stoppage-time winner to seal the royal blues' - victory.   salt & pepper to taste.   saluda county schools will be closed on monday, october . midlands stem institute will be closed tomorrow due to hazardous weather and road conditions.   sambolin said that angelina jolie's new york times opinion piece about undergoing the procedure gave her courage to share her story.   sam stands up for her, tries very unsuccessfully to fight them off.   sam whitelock, who will warm the bench saturday, might return as a starter in auckland to fill out the all blacks' strongest tight five.   sanaa lathan on the marginalization of black actors: 'hollywood has a ways to go' "it's like some kind of a freak thing that we’ve made all this money off this movie.   san antonio fouled to put los angeles in the bonus, but rivers subbed glen davis for jordan before the spurs could employ their ''hack-a-jordan'' strategy.   san bernardino police chief jarrod burgan also says the attackers who killed people, had more than -hundred bullets with them when they were gunned down in their suv.   sanders has also been leading in polls of the democratic field in new hampshire.   sanders' net favorability is + points, with percent favorable and percent unfavorable.   sanders, who is back in iowa this weekend, has been greeted rapturously on previous trips through the state, pumping up thousands of people at rallies with soaring rhetoric.   sanders would press congress, his campaign said, to change immigration laws if he was elected president and would seek a -year pathway to citizenship for people living in the u.s. illegally.   sandwiched between four kids in the back, i can't help but think these travelers' attitude might be mistaken for flower power.   sandwich lost at bexley after being dismissed for chasing all-out.   san francisco — get ready to see more red warning signs online as google adds ammunition to its technological artillery for targeting devious schemes lurking on websites.   san francisco's colin kaepernick was just -for- passing for yards and was sacked twice.   santander aims to reinforce its own capital reserves, expand its local branch network in brazil by one-third by , and jump-start lending in the country's growing but still underserved commercial-banking sector.   santorum raised only $, during the spring.   sao paulo city authorities responsible for gender issues interviewed bolina on friday.   sarah doucette is asking the city to look into how much it would cost to test the ice on high park's grenadier pond in the hopes that the popular-but-outlawed winter skating destination could be opened to the public.   sarah jancke, a program co-ordinator with the kia, says the youth basic language learning course is aimed at people ages -.   sartori supports macc fund sartori company donates $, to macc fund (midwest athletes against childhood cancer) after successful partnership with milwaukee brewers radio network during the mlb season.   sat, aug , - page pfp presidential candidate soong takes aim at kmt by stacy hsu / staff reporter people first party (pfp) chairman james soong, right, speaks about his presidential candidacy with radio show host clara chou in taipei yesterday.   satellite will have rotating mesh antenna it will help alert farmers to droughts (cnn)if your houseplants look thirsty, you can stick your finger in the soil to see if they need water.   sat, oct , - page palau devastated over first shooting death in years the tiny pacific nation of palau is considering tightening gun laws after its first gun-related killing in three decades.   saturday, september @ : pm ast contributed by: elijose he doesn't have the coin of a donald trump but this former energy minister wants to build a wall to keep out his country's poorer neighbor's immigrants too.   saudi arabia says the un-brokered humanitarian pause will be "useless" because rebels won't abide by it.   saudi arabia, the world's top oil exporter, has continued to pump oil freely despite falling prices.   saudi diplomats keep close tabs on iranian involvement everywhere, from tajikistan, which has strong historical persian ties, to china, where the tiny, beleaguered uighur population — which is muslim — is growing more religious.   saunders added: “he’s been out a long time.   saying that the nt$, fine is too small, huang added that it is the maximum fine according to the law and that the eight-month suspension could cost the crew millions of new taiwan dollars or even bankrupt them.   “scarborough southwest has not had a candidate of his profile and credentials in many years,” he said at the time.   schäuble believes that enough concessions have been made to greece and he's bolstered by the frustration currently rife in his parliamentary group over merkel's strategy.   scherzer followed a -strikeout, one-hit shutout with a no-hitter on saturday afternoon as the washington nationals blanked the pittsburgh pirates - in the second of a three-game set.   schilling's attorneys did not respond to requests for comment about the subpoena. studios relocated to rhode island from massachusetts in in exchange for a $ million state loan guarantee.   schmid said dempsey was “close” to playing on sunday — but now another call to the u.s. team awaits next week.   schools and government offices in some areas were closed friday for all or part of the day.   schools aren't the only facilities hit by leaks.   schools generally instill an idea that design is a force for good and i think the projects in the show reflect that.   schools will have to find extra resources to cover rises in pension, national insurance and pay costs over the course of this parliament.   schreck reported from dubai, united arab emirates.   schweich's death came after he told an associated press reporter he wanted to reveal to the public that the missouri gop chairman was leading what he called a smear campaign, telling people he was jewish, ahead of a gubernatorial bid.   scientists believe that for more than billion years, microbes were the only life on earth.   scientists conduct most precise test of light speed day ago berlin, sept. (upi) -- the speed of light is a constant.   scientists on thursday said they have successfully tested an ultrathin invisibility cloak made of microscopic rectangular gold blocks that, like skin, conform to the shape of an object and can render it undetectable with visible light.   scientists say every cheetah cub is critical to saving the species, which is threatened with extinction in the wild.   scientists say great white sharks have appeared in the waters off new england with increasing regularity in recent years due to the presence of the seals, which are a prime source of food.   scientists say the global average temperature has risen by about . degrees celsius since the industrial revolution and new weather records in most european countries — precipitation or temperatures, by month or years — keep being set.   scores: indian board president's xi in . overs (lokesh rahul , naman ojha ; simon harmer -, dale steyn -) and - (cheteshwar pujara not out, lokesh rahul not out); south africans (a.   scores of foreign hostages remain inside besieged bamako hotel .. mali special forces have stormed the radisson blu hotel in bamako and freed more than hostages.   scores of people have been arrested across countries, it says.   scott county prosecuting attorney paul boyd explained he presented the evidence on the assault to a grand jury, which returned an indictment that there was sufficient evidence applewhite should stand trial for the incident.   scott kratlian, , had written letters back and forth with -year-old harry major while he was locked up in a new york prison, ktla reports.   screenshot via kim kardashian's official website kardashian and west welcomed north in june , and married in may .   scrolling through restaurant association of metropolitan washington's participant list of usual suspects, a handful of freshman restaurants jump out.   scumhalf aaron smith said they meet the wallabies so regularly that it is more than about stopping them, but having plans for what they might and might not do.   s. customs and border protection/reuters) farook planned to toss a pipe bomb to stop traffic, then walk along the freeway firing at motorists, marquez told investigators.   s. defence secretary chuck hagel called climate change "a threat multiplier," saying that it has "the potential to exacerbate many of the challenges we already confront today."   seaman said the craft brewery industry has a lot of room to grow in prince edward island.   sean henn did it with the new york yankees in and jimmy gobble did it with the kansas city royals in .   sean spicer, rnc chief strategist and communications director, sought to reassure carson on friday.   search and rescue crews battled heavy fog wednesday as they combed the water looking for survivors from the aircraft, which went down in this area tuesday evening with service members aboard.   seattle -- it's finally happened.   seattle's markets, which provides online marketplaces for artisans, is using cloud computing to create a virtual company.   seattle times sports producer this is what - looks like.   seattle times staff reporter john lok / the seattle times dave shelton is shown holding one of the vintage license plates owned by his father, warren shelton.   seattle times staff reporter sixteen former huskies are opening the season on nfl rosters, and four players from uw’s defense last season are expected to start as rookies for their pro teams.   seattle times staff reporter tempe, ariz. – budda baker provided a rare highlight in the huskies’ humbling first half late friday at the ticketcity cactus bowl.   sebastiao salgado has images from different countries in his new photo book, "the scent of a dream: travels in the world of coffee."   secondary navigation tegu lizards invading florida florida wildlife experts are taking major steps to curb a new invasive species before it reaches the status of the destructive burmese python.   second, eliminate the places where mosquitoes breed by looking for and removing standing water.   “second, in order to bring greater transparency to interconnection practices, the company will be required to submit all completed interconnection agreements to the commission, along with regular reports on network performance.”   secondly, the way our economy works needs to be transformed.   secretary of state john kerry joined obama in riyadh, along with former secretaries of state condoleezza rice and james baker iii, both of whom served republican presidents.   security forces killed hundreds at street protests and thousands were arrested.   security personnel demanded , pesos (us$) or they would press charges for illegal possession of live ammunition, media reports cited the american as saying.   see also deadliest mass shootings in u.s. history fast facts. october , - gunman christopher sean harper-mercer shoots and kills nine people, injuring another nine, at umpqua community college in roseburg, oregon.   see it here edmonton got a shorthanded goal from matt hendricks to tie things up in the third, setting up the extra frame.   seeking leverage against the government thomas described ioc's public response to the challenges facing the business as "arrogant."   seeking to tap voter anger over perceived unfair tax rules, labour on sunday pledged a clampdown on tax avoidance which it said would raise . billion pounds per year.   see more of the show here: www.cnn.com/gotravel. (cnn)cnngo explores beirut, a city once dubbed the "paris of the middle east."   see more photos from the casino's -year history.   seems like mitch mcconnell does.   seibert reiterated berlin's position that a pan-european response is required.   "select tv delivers a no-compromises tv experience, offering even more content than you can get with cable tv, at a lower cost.   seleka rebels still occupy much of the north and the interim government is struggling to stamp its authority on the country.   selfie breakthroughs the camera footage has allowed scientists to answer "bigger and more complex questions" about how different species interact in the serengeti, says swanson.   self-regulation technique helps students focus in class schools adding yoga to phys-ed classes more than educators from across canada are gathered in halifax to pose and stretch their way to better classrooms.   sellars said he got the idea from the model used in urban gardening.   sella was last on broadway in "chitty chitty bang bang."   senate minority leader harry reid (d-nev.) echoed mcconnell's sentiments, calling beau biden "such a fine young man."   send tips and ideas to citydesk@washingtoncitypaper.com. sign up: to get district line daily—or any of our other email newsletters—sent straight to your mailbox, click here.   send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.   senior deputy prosecutor jeff baird pointed out that gruenhagen previously authored a defense motion to exclude all photos of brenton after he’d been shot; the state submitted seven photos and the court ruled five of them could be admitted as evidence.   senior kyle urbon had catches for yards and two touchdowns in the victory.   senior officials in berlin immediately asked the bnd for an assessment, but the intelligence agency's satellite images showed just a few armored vehicles.   sen. jeff stone, r-temecula, suggested grand juries cut down on cozy relationships between a sheriff and district attorney.   sen. marco rubio, r-florida, announced his bid with a rally in miami on april , a day after clinton announced.   sen. mitch mcconnell's political career photos mcconnell answers questions from reporters at the capitol in september .   sen. ralph recto had served notice to energy officials as early as february to do all they can to prevent any power outages when pacquiao fights mayweather for what could be boxing's richest event.   sentiment is still a little skeptical.   sentiment was also weighed down by concerns over greece, as europgroup chief jeroen dijsselboem warned athens to "stop wasting time" and make concrete progress if it wants a further extension to its financial lifeline.   sen. tom carper, d-del., the ranking member of the senate homeland security committee, had a similar reaction, praising mayorkas as a “dedicated, thoughtful, and talented public servant” and a change agent.   sen, who has reportedly vowed to continue to rule cambodia until he is , is regularly criticized by campaigners for ignoring human rights and stamping out dissent.   sepang, malaysia (ap) — mercedes dominated the formula one season, they swept to a one-two finish in this year's season opener in australia, and the team is fully expected to do so again at the malaysian grand prix.   separate attacks earlier killed at least turkish police officers as violence continues to escalate.   separated from their families, the only thing the morrows say they can do, is wait.   separately, denmark's right-wing government, which this week temporarily suspended trains from germany carrying migrants bound for sweden, also said friday it would not take part.   separately, officials in the port city of mariupol said a number of artillery attacks hit areas nearby in the morning.   separately, reports surfaced that "islamic state" fighters, who control about a third of syria and iraq, used projectile-delivered poison gas against kurdish forces earlier this summer.   september - a new round of talks to try to restore the assembly is held at leeds castle in southern england.   sequel mania: a guide to the next years of film photos it isn't often that another sequel is celebrated, but a fourth installment of "toy story"?   sercomm shipped more than million units of broadband equipment in the first three quarters and said it is optimistic about its business this quarter.   serena's sister, venus, also faced an american, irina falconi, in wednesday's night session.   servais and bogar, both , are close with dipoto, serving as his assistants with the los angeles angels this season.   services for tate are scheduled saturday at west point baptist church in hattiesburg.   set aside minutes a week for the first year to drive with your teen and go over the basics.   set edition preference something green, something yellow: oregon fans wed at rose bowl by paul vercammen, cnn january , -- updated gmt ( hkt) oregon fans steve twomey and lisa defluri pose for a photo at the rose bowl.   settling mars could help humanity escape and mitigate the problems our species is facing here on earth, several science-fiction authors said.   seven other people were treated at the scene.   seven soldiers, including two officers, were wounded saturday as the man identified as mohammad hamza lobbed grenades at the raiding unit before detonating his suicide belt.   seventh-grader ethan cameron was part of a class that learned the basics of computer programming.   seven were in serious condition, one person was treated and released from hospital, while the conditions of the five others were not disclosed.   several celebrities and popular bloggers have shared their own surgery stories with the public in recent months.   "several eu member states have so far pledged to take part in the operation, which will require ships, aircraft and drones, the eu official said, without going into details.   several fire appliances are at the scene and an aerial platform is being used to tackle a fire.   several greater cincinnati hospitals do have hyperbaric chambers for rehabilitation purposes, but those are not used for acute care.   several marches to show solidarity with france were planned in canada: one in quebec city yesterday with quebec premier philippe couillard to lead the crowd, and another in montreal where thousands were expected.   several of the protesters traveled the pipeline route from malin to coos bay, a total of miles.   several of the victims had ties to north america's national hockey league.   severe flooding can cause trouble for weeks to come, cnn meteorologist pedram javaheri said.   shakey graves (music) also at the ace: the austin, texas-based shakey graves brings his blend of americana, blues, country and rock to the theater at ace hotel on monday night.   shantae deserves a place alongside more popular platformers like sonic and mario.   shareholders are certainly excited: nintendo's (ntdof) stock soared % in tokyo on wednesday.   share save disney hasn't said how close the vertigo is to becoming a real-world product, although it's easy to see the practical uses.   shares in ebay inc. rose cents to $. in afternoon trading.   shares in reneuron jumped percent on news of the successful placing.   shares of macy's, kohl's and nordstrom were all down friday.   share this story about sharing call of duty: black ops iii video criticised for flood footage october 'deceptive' youtube video ads helped promote xbox one september minecraft videos - why are they so addictive?   share this story about sharing more business stories china shares fall despite rate cut chinese shares fall another .% on wednesday, exacerbating fears about the global economy, after the central bank's fresh rate cut fails to stem the losses.   share this: tweet share tumblr family says suspect espoused racist views dylann roof's family told the wall street journal that he had espoused racist views and become a loner in the last couple of years.   sharing rides has become increasingly popular in recent years, particularly with cash-strapped younger people.   sharing stories and feelings in a confidential setting with those who have similar experiences can be therapeutic.   sharpton's group has called on rosa to resign, something rosa said he does not plan to do.   sharp was twitter's first washington employee in , when he initially set up shop from his living room.   she accepted gifts from famous cronies, and ended up siding with the government and foreign business interests in regard to an investigation regarding land grabs," ferguson said.   she added that searchers could come across partial remains on shorelines.   she also addressed an improvement priority, asking the district to strengthen its communication system.   she also asserted that "divorce proceedings are notoriously ugly."   she also awarded bichindaritz $, in attorney fees.   she also said clark appeared to be cut and was bleeding.   she also said that the mpd will activate an "all hands on deck" strategy to help combat the recent surge in violent crime in d.c. on this day in , there were a total of homicides, . percent less than what the murder rate is so far this year.   she also stopped issuing marriage licenses to anyone, gay or straight.   she also stopped taking the hormone replacement therapy.   she also wants to brush up on the beat.   she also writes about cool stuff and apps as cnet australia's crave editor.   she and vikander were both surprised by the final film.   she announced a deal tuesday to spinoff yahoo's stake in alibaba that will bring in big bucks for shareholders -- something she's been working on since taking the helm of yahoo in .   she arrived at : a.m. weighing lbs. oz. and was inches long.   she asked the officers what happened, and they speculated gray might have been banging his head on the side of the van.   she aspired to create products for the home that are easy on the environment -- to make the world more beautiful than she found it.   she called the flag a "symbol of hate" and she said that she had "heard enough about heritage."   she can call him a "boyfriend" all she likes, this mother left her baby with a beast.   she committed a crime by lying in that report.   she constantly made remarks about my housekeeping, the fact that i also worked outside the home and my general inability to care properly for my husband.   she decided then to pursue mathematics as a degree and attended classes full-time at cleveland state university while also working full-time at naca.   she declined to say which of the affiliate’s nine sites participated in tissue donation, out of fear that activists would attack the facilities, endangering patients and staff.   she disputed china's efforts to equate the xinjiang struggle with the november attacks in paris that left people dead, referencing chinese leader xi jinping by name.   she doesn't just talk stem -- she lives it.   she downplayed concerns that alberta businesses are expressing.   she escaped with minor injuries but keeves emerged from his car holding his son in his arms screaming for an ambulance to be called.   she eventually went to police, who investigated.   she explained there are "a couple of things going on in probate" for which she will need to remain in office, pushing that date to "sometime in april."   she flagged down a citizen who called her mother, who took her to the regina general hospital.   she gave english lessons to prison inmates in france, but she studied at columbia university in new york.   "she gets out there, she loves to work hard and she's just so loving,” he added.   she goes to waina's medical appointments and spends time with the girl she describes as witty.   she got her revenge on her childhood tormenters by prancing in bikinis and posing for avant-garde nude shots dressed in feathers and beads.   she had no idea it would be terminal brain cancer.   she had to have been abandoned in a flash; sato project volunteers patrol the beach at least two times a day.   she has a lot firmicute bacteria, which make it harder for her to maintain her weight.   she has also consulted with kentucky sen. rand paul and former texas gov. rick perry.   she has been locked in a legal battle for a number of years with his father and brother, who inherited larsson's estate.   she has nearly as much control over the dog as her dad.   she has other problems, too.   she has yet to rule on that motion.   she hit safely in of games, including two three-hit games and two-hit games.   she hopes a paper will be published in may that will establish the "legal fundamental rights for a living wage across all borders."   she hopes people viewing the images will experience the same shift.   she hopes that some creators might even want to make their zines publicly available, something the university is in a uniquely strong position to do.   she is also slated to appear on season of bbc series doctor who.   she is a regular comment contributor for the magazine and writes a web column, in which she covers war, sports, and everything in between.   she is charged with capital murder and three counts of attempted murder.   "she is finally at peace in the arms of god.   she is incredibly beautiful, athletic and graceful.   she is obsessed with ghee.   she is one of the team's best attacking defenders.   she is survived by two sons, john and wife tami kunselman of spearman and richard and kathleen kunselman of killeen, texas and a daughter vickie jennings and husband leland, of dimmitt.   she is tentatively scheduled to run the mile at the virginia tech invitational january -.   she later checked to make sure her husband was dead, then owen followed her in douglas gissendaner's car to retrieve a can of kerosene that kelly gissendaner had left for him.   she launched fyn pr in after working for various denver agencies and the loveland chamber of commerce.   sheldon adelson, the las vegas billionaire who spent some $ million in the election and is wooed by almost every republican candidate, is reportedly also a fan.   sheldon, whose real name is tobias strebel, was reported missing on aug. . while police told the website drugs were found at the scene, sheldon's cause of death has yet to be determined.   she lived in new york city before settling in california, where she went to school, married a police officer and had three children.   "she'll coach with the spurs the same thing.   she never came to me in the first place for help.   she never filed for a single divorce, the complaint alleges.   she now runs a cake shop in wakefield, and still crops up in the showbiz news from time to time.   “she really stepped up,” said teammate deja strother, who finished with points and seven rebounds.   sheriff chuck atkin said he is looking into why the required inspections didn’t take place.   sheriff's lt. aaron barlowe said the remains are being sent to the state office of the chief medical examiner for an autopsy.   she's a former managing editor for healthcare and technology at national journal and global health and science editor for reuters based in washington, d.c. and london.   she said percent of the group's patients are at percent of the poverty line or below.   she said people had accepted an online invitation to attend the vigil on sunday at : gmt.   she said he blamed her family for their marital problems.   she said her family gave officers a license plate of a car that simone was last seen getting into.   she said it follows "huge strides" made under the obama administration on lgbt issues.   she said it would "draw heavily" on the influence of the london challenge which helped significantly improve school performance among poorer pupils in the uk capital.   she said sanders told her that she lay on top of her granddaughter and played dead while the shooter was still there.   she said she believes that online learning experts in higher education needed a community separate from experts in business and government to improve their skills.   she said she blacked out, woke up later alone and suspected cosby of drugging and assaulting her.   she said she is not bitter about what happened to her.   she said she realized something was wrong "because of what he wanted in return."   she said she used a private domain out of "convenience" but admitted in retrospect "it would have been better" to use multiple emails.   she said she was invited to a party to celebrate a taping of "hollywood palace."   she said taylor — who already faces charges in an august shooting in maumelle, arkansas — produced a gun and fired two shots into the air, then threatened to kill her husband.   she said that double-digit capital gain taxes in countries such as the uk, japan, south korea and singapore belied claims that lower taxes were necessary to “save” taiwan’s stock market.   she said the german soldiers would focus on logistics and reconnaissance as part of the un peacekeeping mission in mali (minusma).   she said the goal was to unite students in the program, as many were working on different projects.   she said: "the road is currently blocked while the vehicles are recovered.   "she said to me, dad you don't understand, i can't rest -- the moment i shut my eyes, the moment it gets quiet, i hear the bodies dropping to the floor and the gunshots going off," the pastor said.   she's also an owner, who is concerned about competitive pressure.   she says a school worker told the principal that he had heard her son and another boy fighting, and that when he went to check on them, the boys were naked from the waist down.   she says dnr officers have been seen in the area this week, since bella's return.   she says when the "john" parked the car, things turned violent quickly.   she's following historic footsteps.   she's just a teenager, young, with a big mouth," the mother told cnn last year.   she smooths her short gray hair, arthritic fingers pressing wiry, permed pieces in place.   she's put the likelihood of her running at "higher than percent" and has been making stops in iowa, new hampshire and south carolina — all states that vote early in the primary process.   'she's really brave' jenner didn't walk the red carpet outside the microsoft theater in downtown los angeles, and she didn't appear backstage to talk with reporters, as most of the previous ashe award recipients have done.   "she's spent more of her life in hospital than at home.   "she's suffering, in a lot of pain.   she stopped at the intersection with highway x and then drove into the path of an oncoming dodge ram, police say.   she then amusingly told jenner, “i mean, honey, let’s be real, you’ve got to put in a few more years before you actually dethrone me.”   she thought so, too.   "she told me the eight of them walked out onto the killing field singing songs of praise," rob buckingham told an australian radio station.   she told the court that she suffered a back injury and was left bleeding after the arrest.   she took revenge by speaking of the politician's "bad character," something for which she later apologized.   she turned to the web to find the tools she needed and got involved in the entire filmmaking process.   she tweeted: "katie hopkins has to be some kind of tv stunt.   she used a diagram of a small and large megaphone to illustrate the “monumental gap” between the islamic state, which uses social media services like youtube, facebook and twitter, and other groups and governments, including the obama administration.   she usually does it in songs and her targets are usually ex-boyfriends.   she ventured no farther than her front porch, peering around at her deserted neighborhood.   she was accompanied from the building by her husband, who moments before the collision had chipped foam basketballs to the crowd as part of a promotion.   she was acquitted of obstruction of justice charges related to allegations that she had pressured korean air staff to lie about the incident.   she was admonished and discharged for and .   she was a near-feral presence in london, where she moved at the dawn of the punk era.   she was arraigned from her hospital bed and didn't have an attorney.   she was born september , , in st. louis, mo., and was the daughter of lloyd and pearl (cullum) dees.   she was confirmed by the senate by a vote of -.   she was elected in october to a three-year term. comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   she was explained the warrant and tpo process.   she was germany's first female chancellor, but she never focused much on women's issues for fear of alienating male voters.   she was later identified as -year-old north bend resident deanna solinger.   "she was not the least bit irresponsible," terry rutledge said in a brief interview with the associated press.   she wasn't a beauty like those celebrated in her time but her beauty came through her wisdom.   she was quick to vine and early on instagram.   she was sentenced on february , .   she was shorter, for starters; instead of legs, she was tearing around on two segway-like wheels.   "she was taken by priority to medway maritime hospital."   "she was the first and the best." photos: groundbreaking women in american comedy considering the early trials jackie "moms" mabley had to overcome, her enduring and groundbreaking career in comedy is all the more impressive.   "she was very concerned, obviously, with what was going on in syria and wanted to get her family out," donnelly told cbc on wednesday.   she will have much with which to work.   she wishes companies would simply shut down now and then to allow workers to take days off without qualms.   she won a primetime emmy award for the role in . photos: indian actors on american tv dev patel played a blogger on hbo's "the newsroom," which ended its run in after three seasons.   she worked as a telephone operator for bell telephone for about fifteen years.   she would go to the nurse's office to change before gym class so that no one would know about her brace or her scoliosis.   'she would have died' "i really took a big leap of faith with that," she said of the cannabis oil, adding that within hours of the first dose, mia's seizures had completely stopped.   shiner said some of that publicly-available information, about increased spending on management and administration, sparked her request for more details.   shipments bound for the us market jumped . percent in value, while chinese exports were up . percent from a year earlier.   shirley marshall harrison had earlier requested assistance getting her son to the hospital, a fairly routine occurrence, according to the lawsuit.   shock absorber has designed a piece of technology as much as a piece of clothing.   shortly after crossing into nevada, we pull over and swap the license plates, because california and nevada have different rules regulating autonomous vehicles.   shortly after that, china officially named the currency the renminbi, using the characters for people and money.   shortly afterwards, he became the mayor of berlin.   shortstop wilmer flores had an rbi single against reliever blake treinen before right fielder curtis granderson walked with the bases loaded off felipe rivero to trim the margin to -.   shot at least twice in his back an autopsy report showed that mcdonald was shot at least twice in his back and pcp, a hallucinogenic drug, was found in his system.   should dogs be allowed on restaurant patios?   should its approach be hardline and aggressive, as demanded by mathias döpfner and berthold kohler, two of germany's most powerful media voices?   showers, showers and more showers wedded bliss do you know this newly-wedded couple from the u.k.?   shreeves packs her bags every day with a cup to drink out of, a metal tin and a reusable fork and knife, a cloth napkin and a couple canvas bags.   sh set the record for the most u.s. downloads sold in a week ever at . million (legal) downloads with hello.   sideroblastic anemia immune deficiency, kate's form of mitochondrial disease, is so rare drury said fewer than cases have been documented in the past years.   sierra leone's government has attempted to crack down on cross-border diamond trafficking to persuade foreign investors that blood diamonds are a thing of the past.   signing someone up for a mobile contract took about minutes, and many stores were staffed for long stretches by a single employee.   sign up for credit alerts and identity theft protection anthem has pledged to offer free credit monitoring and identity protection services to all affected customers.   sign up for the daily newsletter: the best of the new yorker every day.   silbermond - the band's latest album send facebook twitter google+ whatsapp tumblr linkedin stumble digg reddit del.   silent circle blackphone meet the latest iteration of the secure and privacy-centric android-based smartphone.   silverman honed her talent in the writers' room of "saturday night live" in the early 's before landing some on-camera work of her own.   silvio tavares, ceo of the cardlinx association, a group that represents merchants and payment processors, said that square does have a bright long-term future.   similarly, statements that describe future plans, objectives, outlooks, targets, guidance or goals are also forward-looking statements.   similar provisions have existed at the federal level and in other states for more than years.   simon danczuk, the rochdale mp, told the bbc "the vast majority in the parliamentary labour party..   simon foster, space scientist at imperial college, discusses the journey.   simple tips to slash your bill get the latest sports wrap up newsletter delivered to your email.   simply put, the popularity of net neutrality poses a problem for republicans.   simpson is now married to diana ross’s son evan and the couple recently welcomed a baby girl named jagger snow.   sims' current favorite child is -year-old iris, played with innocent savvy by sophia anne caruso.   since , john daly has played times at the at&t national pro-am, and not made the cut once.   since it has "trained , coaches and reached nearly , young people in china" and will now extend to xinjiang, the statement said.   since august, isis has beheaded two american journalists—james foley and steven sotloff—and the aid worker abdul-rahman peter kassig.   since it is an indoor mall, we could not use gps to pinpoint the user's location."   since july , the outbreak has been concentrated in the south bronx neighborhood, one of the poorest in the united states.   "since our childhood we've been skiing on ice and hard snow so we weren't caught by surprise with the conditions," she said.   since the attacks in paris in january that left dead, france has been on the highest possible alert with thousands of police and troops deployed at sensitive sites, such as media headquarters and synagogues.   since the company's inception, it says more than . million lessons have been viewed.   since the current tundra fires are not threatening people or buildings, crews were expecting to depart from one of the fires on monday and continue mopping up hotspots at the other larger blaze, fire information spokesman tim mowry said.   since their imposition, ukraine has seen two major russian-backed military offensives, further loss of territory, and no substantial change in moscow's unwillingness to implement key terms of either the september or february minsk agreements.   since the mid-s, he has been writing humorous and ironic short stories and novels about his experiences as a russian immigrant, many of which have become bestsellers.   since the minimum level will be set at $, you will be able to obtain the device for under $.   since vladimir putin was first elected president in , russia has seen a steady erosion of democratic and civic institutions.   since we have no choice in the matter, it all amounts to extortion.   singtel recorded percent coverage at mbps, with m having percent lte coverage with mbps in download speeds.   sipping on some of geno's famous clam chowder, one voter, ann kimball of stratham, said she agreed.   siriwardana, who scored his off deliveries, said sri lanka’s aggression was deliberate after conservative batting backfired in dunedin.   sir simon rattle on beethoven: brilliant and perhaps insane by ronald blum hours ago new york (ap) — for sir simon rattle, beethoven was, of course, brilliant.   sirte's fall caused alarm in nearby misrata, whose powerful militias make up the bulk of libya dawn and effectively control tripoli.   sissonville road closed due to crash man injured in shooting comments are posted from viewers like you and do not always reflect the views of this station.   sites such as youku tudou are no longer content with streaming movies and making their own web series.   sixth-seeded taiwanese sisters chan hao-ching and chan yung-jan edged a tight first set, as they rallied from - down in the tiebreak — fighting off two set points — to take the set - (/) in minutes.   siyani chambers' four-point play put th-seeded harvard ahead - with : remaining.   skipper angelo mathews battled his way to an unbeaten as sri lanka seized the advantage in the series-deciding third and final test against pakistan in pallekele, sri lanka, yesterday.   skycity centre is moving forward at full speed, according to kersey.   sleeping bats hang listlessly from a tree in tongatapu, tonga.   slide omelet off skillet onto heated serving plate.   slim’s is the only $ million+ townhome listed in that’s ready as is.   small companies suffered significantly bigger drops: qihoo technology (-. percent), social networking platform renren (-. percent) and streaming video provider youku tudou (-. percent).   smaller amounts are available on a sliding scale until income reaches £,.   small farmers are often least well-equipped to deal with drought a few steps away is shingirirai nyamwanza.   small galleries are closing faster than new ones are opening and the city’s best artists are leaving for baltimore, new york and philadelphia.”   s. markets in june for $.   smart entrepreneurs never outsource their core competency, and never rely on intellectual property they don't own.   smartphone, internet of things and wearable devices are the target markets for spil to provide sip services, lin said.   smartphone penetration rates in most markets would exceed percent, forrester noted.   smartphones and watches are unaffected by 'islanded time.'   smart shaker is programmed via your smart phone and acts as an extension of your phone alarm even when your phone is in a different room being charged or set to silent.   smith said he couldn't point to a single reason for last year's decline, but cited the policy change as well as the "limited amount of discretionary time" parents and children have.   smith said steelers safety mike mitchell — a former teammate when both players were in carolina — started jawing at him as smith slowly made his way to the sideline after getting hurt, something smith didn't exactly need to hear.   smith was crashing with the colleague because he and his wife, lisa, were fighting about smith's alleged infidelity.   smith & wollensky founder alan stillman also donates to glide.   s.m.: it's already been shown that cognition in germ-free mice is reduced in comparison to normal mice.   snapchat did not immediately return the huffington post's request for comment.   sniffer dogs and about - police officers were present at the cafe on tuesday, a reuters tv reporter said, before cordons isolating the surrounding area were removed.   snowball in hell: not enough room here for mike leigh, who in “mr.   snowstorm to sweep from rockies to upper midwest early this week accuweather day ago courtney spamer, meteorologist a snowstorm will bring a winterlike scene across the plains and upper midwest into wednesday.   so after coordinating the schedules of all the staff who were needed, the child had a successful operation about four days after admission.   so as a parent, i was a little freaked out."   so, as we move into , it's time to take another look forward at what the next-generation of connected cars will mean.   so, because ruffalo and whedon are able to save this marvel character from almost-certain movie death, the hulk gets top spot.   so-called super saturday, the last saturday before christmas, is expected to bring in the highest sales for brick and mortar retailers behind black friday, which falls the day after thanksgiving in late november, according to shoppertrak.   so canadian viewers of other u.s. broadcasts, such as cbs's the big bang theory, will still see canadian-focused ads wrapped around the american-produced show.   so chicken fries are somewhere in the middle of the scoville scale, not too spicy as to ruin the customer experience, nor disappointingly mild.   “sociologists love subjects who tell truth to mainstream power,” he writes.   so don't be afraid to visit the united states' natural wonders.   so don't be surprised if banks cut back on compensation even further if revenue growth fails to pick up anytime soon.   “so even if you call it a homicide, we take advantage of it.”   so far coast guard cutters and aircraft have searched nearly , square miles in its effort to find austin stephanos and perry cohen, who disappeared friday after heading out on a fishing trip, the coast guard said.   so far, investigations into vw's cheating software had solely revolved around the ea . but the wolfsburg-based company said later in the day no irregularities had been found in the ea engines, meaning no cheating software had been installed.   so far it appears that another political outsider, retired neurosurgeon ben carson, is leading in quarterly fundraising.   so far nasa has selected cubes, of which have been launched.   so far, so "x factor," but past winners have rallied an impressive array of patrons, notably the pop star rihanna, who has often championed avant-garde outfits for paparazzi-laden public appearances, giving vfiles considerable clout.   so far, the decision only targets apple and google.   so far, the operation has focused largely on kurdish rebels, who have responded by tearing up a ceasefire and waging a bloody campaign against the security forces.   so gm has misfired on all three points, meaning it's made three promises that it can't keep.   "so he had a choice, and i couldn't judge him.   so here's a list of things we've all done in search for the holy-parenting grail that is a good night's sleep: . got out of bed as noisily as possible so your baby knows you really shitting mean it this time.   so, he said they're looking forward to graduates from the new bc program, and said those workers can look forward to good pay.   so how are words being translated into drumbeats?   so how did casio get these things so cheap?   so how do guests unwind in subzero temperatures?   so i am never, never surprised by misinformation and disinformation on any manner of stuff.   soil moisture remained adequate in most of the western counties.   so i question the judgment of our president and the other members and entering into an agreement," he said.   "so, i start to denounce publicly.   "so, it will take, for most people, about two hours, but for some areas, it will take more," he added.   so, i will continue reading.   solange reyner: sreyner@seattletimes.com. view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   soldiers guarded the apparent treasure at the ceremony, which was attended by the us and british ambassadors.   so let's stop funneling people through a system and start letting each person discover the power and uniqueness of his or her own passion.   so maybe the list is a reflection of how many students she knew and that she got to know them well enough to keep track of many.   some , adults dressed as santa claus, and children dressed as elves turned out to take part in the .-kilometer run, breaking the world record for a race with the most competitors dressed as santa claus.   some afd supporters gathered outside the headquarters of merkel's christian democrats (cdu) in berlin on saturday, waving placards saying "red card for merkel" and "thank you, hungary".   some trains and . million trucks cross through the tunnel each day.   some people have been killed in the fighting for the city, a provincial capital.   some airlines also allow you to avoid baggage fees by using their branded credit cards.   some american politicians have suggested a religious test for refugees seeking access to the united states.   some areas were about percent planted.   "somebody all of us (schools) have had an eye on for some time.   "somebody is deeply, deeply angry at somebody in that household for some reason," lt. mitch houser said.   somebody says, 'there's trump, he's easy pickings.'   some corporate donors had a standout rate of success.   some critics have likened the eb- program to a government sale of visas.   some ecb policymakers are concerned about the effects of the policy genie they have unbottled, particularly the risks attached to pinning market interest rates below zero.   some ethicists said they were concerned because j&j does not plan to disclose the advisors' recommendations to the public.   some feared them all, others focused on one or a few.   some from other religions also fear a doomsday scenario.   some have retired and got different jobs, but a lot of us are the same ones.   some have taken up other causes despite the pressure and scrutiny, hong kong's student protesters say they are still pushing for change, but in different areas.   some lawmakers are "bailout"-weary after committing $ million last year to prevent steeper cuts to city retiree pensions as part of the city's bankruptcy exit.   some may recognise mr brooks from the errol morris documentary "fast cheap & out of control," named after one of his research papers.   "some of our youngsters doing community service were sent to help after the attacks -- they went through some pretty difficult moments," he said.   some of them are truly beautiful.   some of these women grew up in the s and s, when anorexia increased sharply.   "someone i know bought a truck from harrison," a friend of ford's told gq for a profile, "and it was in the neatest, most spotless, most perfect condition, immaculate to the tiniest detail.   someone may forget to wash their hands after coming in contact with stool or a wound.   someone who was so ambitious and was going to achieve amazing things."   someone who worked at a pr firm might whiz through the communications competencies and spend more time on the math competencies.   some other eu states, especially former communist countries in the east, reject quotas to accept refugees.   some parts of the st. john's area had seen over mm of rain since late monday, with even more rain set to fall.   some people are sensitive and some people aren't; it's all part of the variety of life.   some people have no choice.   "some people overpredict negative outcomes and worry that if that bad thing happens, they won't be able deal with it," said bufka.   some people said a blog without political opinion wouldn't work.   "some people were scared to come to the needle-exchange because they were afraid that either the cops were there waiting to arrest them or that we had video cameras to videotape them for later," she said.   some recalled that she was "small and cheerful," and that they remembered her smiling face.   some records are impossible to tell when they will occur, like barry bonds breaking hank aaron's all-time home run mark in .   some research suggests that while the overall number of el niños is unlikely to increase, the number of "super" el niños are twice as likely to occur.   some say too much," she told reporters.   some serious astronomers dislike the term "supermoon," noting that the visible difference between a regular full moon and a supermoon is slight to all but the most faithful observers.   "some services require higher quality of service guarantees or lower latency," said eli dourado, director of the technology policy program at the mercatus center at george mason university.   some startups have their hq abroad, where they can be more visible, while maintaining the tech team in romania.   some students have circulated a counterpetition branding this as a "dangerous precedent."   something questionable about professional sports?   sometimes, as in the case of the foro, would-be heritage becomes dissonant because it collapses under the weight of real history.   sometimes it seems like the technology we have makes communication harder even as it's supposed to make it easier, and it gives us more ways to see how awful people can be.   "sometimes it's hard to believe that it is the same artist from one gallery to the next," said curator ann temkin.   sometimes nets are put up as barriers between swimmers and sharks.   sometimes they blend in so easily you wouldn't know they were muslim until they told you they won't be drinking with you tonight, or they have to slip away for a few minutes to pray one of our daily prayers.   sometimes, they’d even report that the shapes rotated to fit into rows.   sometimes things can be not perfect grammatically, but have a much better rhythm.   sometimes time was counted in moons rather than days or months.   sometimes used as a snooty character name in animated films, it had a brief moment of u.s. popularity around .   some were even handwritten by his father.   somewhat unique to awards shows, the grammys traditionally focus more on performances than trophy delivery.   "some (women) students they are really really good, even in terms of decisiveness i think.   some would argue not.   so, mr. williams in the back, he’s free to look out the windows back there.   so much for candy surprises.   so much that he's decided to parody practically every major celebrity, plus the potus.   songwriter diane warren tweeted, "i hope bobbi kristina gets the help she needs."   son of a kgb officer, buzyna wrote on his website calling for the federalisation of ukraine as desired by its former soviet master russia.   sony was silent on why its device was not available.   soon enough, however, president viktor yanukovych would flee the country, prompting ukrainian activists to declare "victory in the maidan" and promise a new day for a country long torn between its neighbors, europe to the west and russia to the east.   so on feb. , a us aircraft locked onto the vehicle he was traveling in near the village of sadat in helmand province.   soon they engage in a tense dialogue regarding her recent coldness toward michele.   "so on this day if you can hide it; it's something completely else and it's noticed for different reasons."   soon we heard a turkish armoured vehicle, turks were approaching.   "so, physically we'll be ready and i know that mentally we're a strong side."   sorry, can't be bothered with respect for the dead or other cultures.   sorry, comments are not enabled for this article.   sorry, this video needs javascript turned on search for missing teenage boys focuses on gulf stream kerry sanders explains how the gulf stream is making the search for two missing teenagers much more difficult.   sort of. :: everyone in the lower deck has been standing since the first athletes walked in. pretty impressive.   so that’s the short term. and as for longer-term hopes of a rebound in oil prices?   so that would be the u.s., the u.k., france, germany, the european union, russia, china and iran, ok?   so they advised me not to stay in egypt because it was very dangerous and i left in a rush.   "so they said if you want access to these things, email, content, whatever that may be, using the internet on a wifi basis, you need to enroll your device.   so this person is not going to be the source of an ebola event," hartl wrote.   sot/ kris tusberg- received fan @:-: this house that i'm renting doesn't have ac, so it's yeah, really a blessing.   sotloff's apparent executioner speaks in what sounds like the same british accent as the man who purportedly killed foley.   so to be able to do that kind of thing and fulfill a dream of mine, to be able to play a vital, vibrant, sensual, feisty person at my age in a medium that is the most populist, is of great joy to me.   so to see him direct is very cool," said shemar.   sour beers are becoming more in vogue, and a lot of people seemed to enjoy it."   sources at the vice president's office said sumana is not in danger but had decided to stay out of his office for the next days and work from his home in the west of the capital.   sources in brussels say that the first steps taken by the new greek government have destroyed any hopes for greater leeway.   sources said the fight was minor and no one was seriously injured.   south africa were stunned by japan in their opening match, but bounced back with a six-try victory over samoa on saturday.   south alabama outrebounded the trojans, -, as troy played without its second senior and leading rebounder, kevin thomas, who was out with illness.   southampton lost at home to crystal palace in the fa cup last week and i think saints boss ronald koeman will get a reaction from his players.   south korean-born ko, who won her first professional event at the record age of just , tops the rankings just a year after turning pro and changing her clubs, sponsor and coach.   south korea's kospi gained . percent to ,. and australia's s&p/asx jumped . percent to ,..   south luangwa national park has one of africa's highest densities of big game. . zambia's french riviera the fashionable lake kariba is the largest man-made body of water in africa, a veritable inland ocean.   so we designed apple watch to reflect a wide range of styles and preferences.   “so we have to know where he is at all times.   so "we just shut the party down and went separate ways."   so we need to help it to start thinking in the western way."   sowerby’s st. joseph’s health care in london has been on a mission to boost knowledge, giving surgeons lists of supplies with prices attached, and comparing costs between different doctors.   so we were actually happy with the way the film changed the situation and landed him the girl instead.   so what can you do as an lgbtq person when, according to spd, there's been a 'spike' in bias crimes reports so far this year vs. .   so, whatever the plan looks like to make that reality is what you have to work towards.”   so what may have happened here?   so what's refreshing about hide's sound is that we can enjoy what we don't hear just as much as what we do hear.   so, when elizabeth ii became queen in , she inherited a monarchy in hesitant transition.   so when i won both, for me it was like, wow, this is one of the best moments of my life!"   so when l asked why ash vs. evil dead ended up as a -episode series on starz, and not on the big screen — where the first three evil dead installments debuted, and continue to be screened as beloved midnight movie staples — he answered flatly.   so when somebody tells me, "i've been out of work for three years and i'm looking for a job," (i say) "hey, i've got a job in our packing department.   so when they front and wrestle with it and we play tentative, it can be a negative."   so why didn't nafta drive middle-income americans to the poor house as predicted?   so yes, there were laughs — and yes, there were movie trailers by the half-dozen (albeit very few surprises).   so you might ask whether that's $ a year?   so you’re going to get your chance.   spacex has been experimenting with landing the rockets on an ocean barge, but skipped the test after monday’s launch because the rocket needed all its fuel to properly position turkmenaleme into its initial orbit.   spagnola has numerous tattoos, including on his arms, chest, abdomen, legs, ankles and back.   spain is liaising with french officials to organize a relatives' trip to the crash site, and the red cross thinks that will happen in the next day or two.   spain's constitution also does not contemplate the possibility of a region breaking away.   spanish prime minister mariano rajoy pledged to halt the effort.   "spare the rod, spoil the child" falls into that category.   spaulding family resource center has room rentals available for community and board meetings, baby showers, funeral repasts, dinners, birthday parties, jewelry parties, and more.   “speaker, i was wondering if i could ask for some clarification from you as to the validity of a vote from a member who leaves his seat during the vote and then returns to it in order to vote,” said mr. galipeau.   speaker of the house john boehner (r-oh) listens as his fellow republicans speak to the media after … asked whether the prime minister should cancel or postpone the speech, hanegbi said: "what would the outcome be then?   speaking of storms, several papers report that winter arrived suddenly on sunday.   speaking of the keyboard, the version we've got on the ipad is much smarter than it used to be.   speaking to the kentish gazette previously, mr hollaway said: “it's about creating something that's of real quality that will stand the test of time.   speaking to the register, a researcher at pen test partners explained: “the internet-connected fridge is designed to display gmail calendar information on its display.   speaks wrote to grefer on june , asking the judge to remove benz as his public defender, saying he "has not put forth the assistance that has been needed for such a high profile case."   special agent mike martinez declined to identify the doctor or the suspected gunman, who was also shot dead in the incident tuesday afternoon at the el paso veterans affairs health care system clinic on fort bliss.   special fx make-up artist david brown, who has some impressive experience on shows such as game of thrones, tells us about getting started in the business, his work and his career highlights so far..   special reports: the idea factory the future of main street try the week magazine the biggest winner of the first gop debate?   spiegel: can you promise that there won't soon be a fourth gaza war?   spiegel: could you imagine a european union without greece?   spiegel: when did you decide to leave?   spieth has happy memories of the john deere, winning the event as a teenager in to become the youngest winner on the pga tour in years after beating zach johnson and david hearn in a play-off.   spieth returns to form spieth, playing in his first tournament for two weeks, showed signs of rustiness as he shot and in his first two rounds but was close to his best in his third.   spokane teachers walking off the job may spokane teachers voted to walk off the job next wednesday, joining other school districts in a statewide walkoff.   sponsored content from basf basf's creator space™ focuses on several challenges — derived from the overarching themes of urban living, food, and smart energy.   sponsored links by gravity click here to view conversations please check the checkbox to indicate your consent huffpost daily brief get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.   sports were a big part of our bonding experience -- football in particular.   spray two rimmed baking sheets with nonstick cooking spray (or coat with a thin layer of oil).   sprinkle with remaining cheese and bake additional five minutes; until cheese has melted.   s. relations to address what he called important "common challenges" in the region, especially the rise of islamic state in iraq and syria.   srhd anticipates the unhealthy smoke levels decreasing by this weekend, and that common symptoms for breathing problems include coughing, throat irritation or headaches, which will go away on their own.   sri lankan police stand guard next to a picture of indian prime minister narendra modi in jaffna, on …   stadieum says a few minutes of practice now can make all the difference during the real thing.   staff sgt. travis baker says businesses need to do a better job of protecting themselves.   standard & poor's and s&p are registered trademarks of standard & poor’s financial services llc and dow jones is a registered trademark of dow jones trademark holdings llc.   standing beside him are his wife, bess, and daughter margaret.   standouts include a slew of beer and shot combos, djed dance parties, a disco ball (why?   starbucks said it would later roll out the tie-up to stores in canada and britain.   starlin castro then ripped a bullet line drive that looked headed for leftfield and some runs but third baseman wright made a leaping catch.   started as hobby "it kind of started more as a hobby, and now i think that there is a market for it," ranger said.   starting early next year, the service called youtube red will add exclusive shows and movies from top youtube creators including pewdiepie, lilly singh and the fine brothers.   starting goaltender ryan miller, who left with cramping during the shootout of sunday’s - loss at florida, was scratched.   starting with the .-inch size i reviewed, the base-level specs include a dual-core .ghz core i processor, a , x , display and integrated intel hd graphics.   start the conversation > time to add another piece to your hawks collection check out the full lineup of championship merchandise from the seattle times store.   state constitutions are much easier to amend — the people of washington have done it times — and justices are subject to reappointment or re-election.   state department spokesman john kirby said the two were "taking advantage of their presence in new york before they both departed."   state employees can no longer travel out of state unless they get approval from the office of management and budget.   state fair park located at s. fair avenue, yakima, wa.   statements in this press release, which are not purely historical, are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future.   state rep. lillian ortiz-self of the st legislative district.   states also could build their own exchanges to continue offering the subsidies, though jost doesn't think this is likely, as many states are helmed by republican governors opposed to obamacare and participating in the exchanges.   states have taken a number of steps to get more medical professionals in the field.   statistics canada has identified calgary as perhaps the most unique city in north america because of the nature of this growth and its impact.   statoil requested an extension for chukchi leases.   stay connected with cbc news latest ottawa news headlines hovercraft-like tool improves surgery a new $.-million machine at the ottawa hospital leads to minimally invasive surgery.   stay tuned to their facebook page and twitter feed for updates.   steeves said he had no objection.   stephen and lori day married on july , .   stephen curry scored points as defending champions the golden state warriors moved within one victory of matching the best start in nba history, holding off the chicago bulls - on friday night to improve to -.   stephen harper isn't perfect, but his hairdo is.   stephen mandel, thomas lukaszuk trail ndp, gordon dirks in 'dead heat,' polls say alberta election: tories ramp up attacks on rival parties "i just find it quite shameful," said high school teacher sandi nichol.   steve bouser / ap still, the number of attacks that north carolina has counted this year is just a fraction of what florida experiences annually.   steve granitz via getty images celebrity photos: january taylor swift, lorde and selena gomez celebrated together at hbo's official golden globe awards after party at the beverly hilton hotel on january , in beverly hills, california.   steve karnowski view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   steven r. hurst ap international political writer and has covered foreign affairs for years.   stiff southerly winds could accompany the mild air over the central states.   still, an unreliable pakistan seems better than no pakistan at all.   still, at least "joe" actually said something about the power issues.   still, democratic state sen. mark hass, who pushed the oregon promise, had a hard time convincing his own party of benefits.   still, five state banned the industry, even before nevada effectively shut fantasy sports out of the state.   still, he's doing nowhere near as well as human troll doll donald trump or even the -year-old behind deez nuts, and he's sure to face a real challenge once this dog mayor throws her hat into the presidential ring.   still, his fifa career is ending in disgrace after more than years as president and years in total with the scandal-hit governing body.   still, i can't help noting that the labour leadership has been having an attack of the vapours.   still living in the tel aviv childhood home of his wife of years, topol is taking his latest recognition in stride, just as he has the various highlights of his storied career.   still, miller asked if smith was "surprised" about davidson being handed the file.   "still, no theory can dominate, as there are no clear indications in favor of this version," peskov said, adding that only the official investigation could say which of the theories looked most plausible.   still, phyllis campano, vice president of the seattle education association, said members of the union’s bargaining team felt the district’s incremental increase to its offer was important.   still, the collective appreciation for the president and his policies papered over persistent rifts, particularly between the party's left flank and pragmatic middle.   still, the huskies hung around.   still, the incident illustrates the way the clintons have leveraged their influence to benefit their causes.   still, the live tv interface is clean, functional and offers all the information you'd expect from the usual grid of show listings.   still, the number of uninsured americans has dropped significantly -- by more than million people as of mid-.   still, there would have been almost four minutes for the packers either to score the winning touchdown or have reliable mason crosby kick the tying field goal and force overtime.   still, warren's supporters are continuing to organize in the key primary states of iowa and new hampshire.   stiltjes estimates that the facebook group has grown to more than members, and that about to percent of the football players’ families are associated with cougfam.   sting, born gordon sumner, drew on his childhood, growing up in newcastle.   stir up the enthusiasm level.   st. jérôme's parishioners had easter mass in nearby maisonnette since their church was unusable.   stock-market values are swinging by the most since there as government officials seek to tamp down increasing leverage and other market excesses while still supporting the country’s growth.   stock picture the -year-old collapsed while taking a shower and was found unconscious.   stocks have been propelled higher in part by easy money policies at central banks.   stone was one of three americans who helped subdue a gunman who opened fire on a paris-bound train in august.   "stop copying each other and do something truly innovative.   stop for complimentary pizza, wings and other refreshments before cheering on the timon tigers.   "stop setting your own hair on fire … take a deep breath and actually think about it in terms of the potential for alberta."   stormtroopers marched and droids rolled down the red carpet.   story highlights after the buzz from 'cinderella' and 'maleficent,' disney is planning a live-action take on 'mulan.'   “straight outta compton” took in $. million at , locations in its fourth weekend, ending its impressive three-week winning streak at domestic multiplexes.   strangely, it seems to have inspired dubuffet never so well as during his collection’s absence.   strang has been named vice president in the security operations bureau while galvin is senior vice president with enterprise security and risk management.   streets beach at south bank is a man-made swimming beach on the banks of the brisbane river.   striker douglas opened the scoring with a free kick in the th minute and kohei shimizu sealed the win with one minute left as hiroshima moved three points clear of kashima antlers in the second-stage standings with one round remaining.   striker eduardo vargas scored twice to lead chile to a - win over -man peru in the semi-finals of the copa america on monday, keeping alive the host’s hopes of winning the south american tournament for the first time.   strike two trump not only ejected but also dismissed ramos as if he were little more than an irritating nuisance, an out-of-control hothead, calling him a "very emotional person."   struggling domestically in the k-league, seoul triumphed - with a goal in injury time from colombian star mauricio molina.   struggling to field the ball, the elks allowed the bases to clear and made it a - game.   students at avc are using it as a learning tool.   students can describe the location of the noise, as well as the person or group disrupting the quiet areas.   studies suggest that up to % of humans may be carriers.   study: apes may not be that far away from talking day ago madison, wis., aug. (upi) -- a new study suggests apes aren't as far removed from the ability to speak as scientists think.   st. vincent's high school first opened in as a boys school, then turned into a catholic girls school in .   suarez-ruiz died at the scene.   suboxone is a medication approved by the fda for the treatment of opiate dependence such as heroin addiction.   subsequent to these remarks, the minister of labour and national insurance, shane gibson suggested that investors seeking to do business in the bahamas should undergo a psychological evaluation.   subsidized child care is offered at some ca technologies offices to help ease the separation and reduce the cost burden.   substances believed to be drugs were found on one of the two people detained.   success is the precursor to everything in football.   such actions have knock-on impacts on suppliers, which are also often western.   such a measure would require approval from the european parliament, which for the past two years has debated the privacy implications of a european pnr system similar to ones already in use in the united states, canada and australia.   such annual conventions, known as jalsa salanas, are held in numerous countries in all continents of the world.   such a resolution would not be possible if syrian president bashar al-assad remained in power, said obama, who is in manila to attend the annual asia pacific economic cooperation summit.   such jobs pay $ a day, not nearly enough to cover the $ a month rent for their one-room apartment.   such overtures are giving bush the chance to develop goodwill among activists and donors aligned with the tea party, a small-government movement that came to prominence two years after bush left office in .   sue ann, mido, adriana, shradha and pietro are doing what they can to be ready for blast-off knowing they won't return.   sugar beet is at the vanguard of a new wave of cooperative organizing, as reported by crain’s last month.   sugden, a part-time instructor, installed his first hive at the uw about a decade ago.   suleiman rashid, a senior officer in the northern town of mandera, said saturday that officers on patrol came across five suspected members of somalia's al-shabab extremist group planting a roadside bomb.   sun, jan , - page despite detente, search for art looted in cuba could take years by alistair bell / reuters, miami gil marmol, right, has lunch in havana, cuba in or with artwork by famous artists in the background.   sun, may , - page asian stocks climb from low before us jobs report asian stocks rose on friday, after the regional benchmark index closed on thursday at its lowest in a month, as investors awaited us labor data.   sunray homecoming is august -september homecoming : august -september , wednesday: sept. nd students dress as teachers and teachers dress as students.   suns chief executive andrew travis said his club would interview players and seek further information from hunt and his representatives.   super bowl xlix: the best photos photos with two seconds left in the first half, seattle wide receiver chris matthews catches a touchdown pass to help the seahawks tie the game at -.   super low sovereign yields moved higher after the ecb cut its already negative deposit rate and extended quantitative easing purchases to march .   super yachts - investing in floating real estate cnn's john defterios looks at the growing investment in floating real estate, including super yachts and luxury speed boats.   supporters of a religious political party shout slogans during a demonstration against the sentence of …   supporters of the bill hope the data can be used in real-time to stop cyberattacks and enable authorities to trace back to the source of the attack.   supporters of the new powers say they're essential to keep us all safe - opponents say they're too intrusive, making legal a level of surveillance currently banned in the us and every other european country.   supporting education: that's america!" said tyron braden, a freshman at nunez community college in new orleans.   surely these events would register as more catastrophic than the prospects of the ndp forming the next federal elections.   sure, many old, dilapidated malls are struggling.   sure, there are some variations including booze, snack foods and even ice cream.   sure, there's a reason volkswagen is cheap: a huge emissions cheating scandal that has global scope and is unprecedented in the company's history.   surprisingly, bill jr. never worked at boeing, apart from a few weeks in the motion picture department during world war ii.   survey results indicate that the company takes this motto seriously.   surveys suggest that the people who have received health insurance through the law generally like it.   susan criss, a former texas district court judge, presided over a murder trial in galveston in which durst was the defendant.   suspect arrested a suspect identified as shannon j. miles has been in police custody since saturday and faces a capital murder charge.   suu kyi will meet the president at his official residence on wednesday morning and the military chief in his office in the afternoon, zaw htay, a senior official from the president's office, said on monday.   sweat almost made it to canada.   swidan is trying to increase the visibility of arab firms by attracting them to economically thriving central israel to meet potential investors, such as at an event near tel aviv last week sponsored by the u.s. embassy.   “swimming had been my passion, but it was so hard to get to where i was after not swimming for two years.”   swine flu viruses cause high levels of illness but low death rates in pigs.   swiping through chrome is effortless, and the trackpad reacts instantly to gestures.   switzerland routs ecuador - fabienne humm and ramona bachmann both had second-half hat tricks to lead switzerland to a - rout of ecuador on friday at the women's world cup.   “switzerland would be a good guess,” said james hansen, the director of the climate science at columbia university’s earth institute.   sydney (afp) - england captain eoin morgan said he had no regrets after his side failed to qualify for the quarter-finals of the world cup and insisted he wanted to remain in charge.   synchronized swimming is altered again to include both team and duet competition. - a km swimming race, swum in open water rather than a pool, debuts at the olympics.   syrian foreign minister walid al-moallem scoffed at those who call on assad to step down, comparing them to "those who dream of the devil in heaven."   syrian state tv initially credited the syrian army with the raid, saying it had killed islamic state militants and the group's "oil minister," whom it identified by a different name.   syria's civil war in pictures photos a rebel fighter prepares the wires of a car-mounted camera used to spy on syrian government forces while his comrade smokes a cigarette in aleppo's bab al-nasr district on january , .   tables with a view – gares' menu isn't the only extraordinary thing about koh.   tags: inchimac, apple, hard-drive, imac, imac hide comments comments soundwall is art that demands to be seen..   tags business fed interest rate hike the views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies.   taichung health bureau director hsu yung-nien (徐永年) advised the public to opt for food products that come with an intact package and are produced by a reputable company.   taipei mayor ko wen-je (柯文哲) said he plans to hold a seminar on the possible removal of taipei international airport next month and he has invited the three presidential candidates to join the discussion and reveal their stances on the matter.   taisha allen, witness taisha allen lives minutes from where garner died and was there for the fatal encounter, cell phone in hand.   taiwan lacks submarine design skills, the ministry stated in its budget plan.   take a look at her commentary above.   take a walk on one of the trails, fish in the stocked logon or stop and take a photo with one of the many buddha head sculptures on the top of the hill.   take better care of herself "i'm gonna make more of an effort to take care of myself in , stay away from all the drama & hopefully not have any flair ups," azalea tweeted after announcing she has tmj.   take extra funding for apprenticeships, which treasury officials calculate would cost £ million in the first year alone.   taking a popular western cultural icon, "star wars," and jokingly comparing islam to it in a sympathetic fashion, turned the question on its head, especially in a mainstream media outlet, and broke a taboo.   taking a stab at more controversy, jean tweeted, "i didn't say homer and marge are breaking up i said they are bigger than jesus."   tampa bay defenceman anton stralman noted the lightning very well could have won all four games.   target announced they are phasing out gender-based signs in stores in august, target took a bold step when they announced a new non-gendered policy.   taser sued, accusing ward of stealing company secrets, and the case was settled.   taubah even learned to speak arabic by mixing with the other fighters.   taube described it as "a very special moment for everyone."   tavares, who played his entire nll career with the buffalo bandits, announced the end of his lacrosse career on wednesday.   "taxpayers have to be comfortable that they will be treated fairly."   taylor had made good use of the second new ball at the start of the day in completing the fourth five-wicket innings haul of his test career and third on his home ground.   tch says homes will be replaced in the first phase at no cost to the corporation.   teams now working to remove missiles from runway."   tech incident a few years ago,” said bumphus.   technicians should have that analysis finished within a "day or so," he said.   technology, biotech and pharmaceuticals will be key.   teenagers in new york "can't even get a tattoo legally," ginsburg said.   teen talks about night const.   telecoms are already seething.   tell that to black children systematically brutalized in the obama administration's police state schools while they pledge "one nation under god."   temperatures hit c in ottawa on saturday, but the rink's special technology allowed it to open anyways.   temperatures this month have been considerably lower than normal, making for the coldest july in more than years.   temple's baby grand steinway also sold at the auction for $,.   ten bay area u.s. representatives voted against the bill while two did not vote, according to maplight.   tenet and black pitched "the blue sky paper" to bush's security team in spring , calling for a "covert cia and military campaign to end the al qaeda threat."   ten minutes later, though, stones did turn to bodkin in a switch to -- that saw bricknell make way.   tennis: serena and venus williams progress to australian open last-eight .. venus has been rolling back the years in her most impressive showing at a grand slam event since she reached the fourth round of wimbledon in .   tensions between the countries have been high in recent years.   tens of thousands of drivers battle the congestion daily.   tens of thousands of people still fit the definition of chronically homeless, which means they've been without housing for more than a year or have experienced four bouts of homelessness in a three-year period.   ten years later, i'm watching the bodies of parents, girlfriends, sisters, brothers, fathers and friends carried home from tunisia with the same sense of desperate injustice.   ten years later, the woman wanted to have a child.   ten years of talks - with intermissions - was rewarded with a historic treaty.   ten years on from katrina, qatar's ongoing focus on new orleans is one part of making sure that continues.   terms and conditions share this story about sharing putin fury after turkey downs warplane president putin condemns the downing of a russian warplane on the turkish-syrian border, saying it is a "stab in the back" by "accomplices of terrorists".   terror attack in paris photos people hug each other outside the magazine's building after the attack.   terrorists imitated earlier atrocities perhaps to demonstrate their own revolutionary determination.   tess harrison, a retired nurse who had just returned home from walking her dog when she noticed a police car parked behind her house, saw an rcmp officer emerge from the southeast part of the lake around : p.m. with the girl in his arms.   test drivers liked its powerful acceleration and athletic handling, but complained about the cramped back seat.   texas and pennsylvania, for example, generate the first and sixth amounts of electricity from coal, but it amounts to just .% of pennsylvania’s total energy generation and to barely one-third of texas’s.   texas sen. ted cruz, who has been rising in the polls, would have percent of the support against clinton’s percent.   thai authorities are searching for a suspect who was seen placing a backpack underneath the bench moments before the explosion.   "thai confirms its commitment to aviation safety standards and assures all that thai operates with the highest international aviation safety standards," it said.   thai lee owns the largest female-owned business in america, and apparently one of the top three minority-owned ones.   thanet and east kent chamber of commerce, of which mr moses is chair, has backed the proposals.   thanks to a failing peanut crop due to last summer's scorching hot weather, there was a shortage of peanuts in supply at the end of .   thanks to a programme involving the hospital, the ecuadorian government, the vihda foundation in guayaquil and duke university in north carolina, at least , babies have been born without the infection from hiv-positive mothers.   that agreement has begun to be implemented.   that choice, no matter how it may go against the grain of our emotions, is a voluntary one, but we must decide on the latter.   "that combination produces a really great dining experience and is something that is really genuine and resonates with our customers," moran said.   that compares to the million people overall who got a mortgage between october and september .   that contractor, csid, was not selected by opm for the bigger contract revealed tuesday.   that cost has increased over the years to an estimated $. billion.   that damage is still there and, i don't know, it's going to be there forever and everbilkisu, nigerian trafficking victim in the nine years bilkisu worked for her uncle and his family, she didn't have a single day off and never received any pay.   that data, says kerr, is more important than ever.   that deadline passed but the ministry then said it hoped to announce the end of "kafala" early in may.   that didn't deter liu jie, who quit her job in china to volunteer in the region.   that difficulty is inherent in all social systems.   that does not help the middle class."   that established xiaomi as china's top seller of smartphones with a percent market share to edge out samsung at percent, according to research firm ihs.   that experience of change helps us to better understand the changes also being experienced by our clients who come to us for services and support," saunders contended.   that fair and cool weather should continue for halloween.   that first manned mission will include one boeing test pilot and one nasa astronaut, he said.   that gain in book value is greater than the book value of more than four-fifths of the companies in the s&p .   that gap has decreased in every subsequent week to now sit at just . points.   that has provided a way back into clinical testing for theramab llc, a start-up company operating in germany and russia, backed by moscow-based fund bioprocess capital ventures, which bought the rights to tgn and renamed it tab.   that headscarved muslim women in france must fear for their safety, and possibly their lives, due to the acts of men against men speaks volumes of the similarities between france's proclaimed laicite and ultra-orthodox views held in some muslim areas.   that hurt a lot because it sparked inside me deep painful feelings.   that i am here today, is, to me, a matter of astonishment as well as of gratitude.   that i can tell you.   that included the addition of . million net new customers in the quarter and, more importantly, . million customers who pay at the end of the month.   that in turn is costing companies like retailers, billions of dollars.   "that is extraordinary," australia captain wally masur said of kazakhstan's record.   that is reason to celebrate.”   "that is the only way to guarantee hungary's energy security, cheap electrical power for the population and competitive electrical power for businesses."   "that is why we just need a darned conclusion—any conclusion—so we can think about other, more important issues," cramer added.   that leaves the current house members and senators figuring out who to please with a gallery ticket and who they might upset.   that led to samson's mother making an emotional plea this week for help finding her son's body.   that left no infielders on the bench.   "that left us with a super-thin circuit board; all the components are under the display."   that made it a shrewd investment for the seller, who acquired the iconic piece of us pop art and comic book-inspired portrait for us$. million in .   that may be about to change for two reasons: web-surfing smartphones are selling briskly even in a downturn, and applications for those gadgets—especially apple's (aapl) iphone and the blackberry—are proliferating.   “that may have caused some consumers who follow a vegetarian diet for religious reasons to consume animal extracts without knowing it,” pan said.   that means about , people will die each day in .   that means going through the school's garbage, sorting it into bins for recycling, compost and garbage.   "that means in space, you wear your undergarments an extra day," says ewald.   that means that greece’s debt situation is better than that of germany’s!   that month, he told the board that "the degree to which carding had a discriminatory impact on minority groups has led to an unacceptable erosion of public trust and confidence in the tps," and put forward a motion to end the practice.   that notion is further supported by the fact that climate models used to project future temperatures lack key processes that likely reinforce warming or the effects of warming, not regulate it.   "that obviously is false," he added.   that, of course, could mean big bucks for starbucks — and a golden path for xu.   that person is not a criminal.   that process can take anywhere from six to eight months.   that process has obvious value for solar energy, but creating a practical way to do it has been elusive.   that pushed up applications in the previous two weeks.   that pushes the heavier uranium- out off to the side of the tube, and more of the slightly lighter uranium- to the inside.   that referendum in june , britain's first-ever national plebiscite, was held after labour's return to power.   that's more animals than had been admitted by the same time in the previous year.   that's a championship play."   that said i can only conclude that iran's unwillingness to present the charges publicly, to allow observers to attend the trial, to add any kind of transparency to this process reflects the fact that iran does not have a case.   that's an impressive gain, but it's nothing compared to the wealth produced by investors such as warren buffett and bill gates.   that's a record high, surpassing the july peak of $,.   that's a sign that sierra leone can recover."   that’s as much a part of lynch’s repertoire as yards after contact.   that's because, if the fallout for scalise continues, boehner may not be able to afford to keep him.   that's because they know that the more connected kids are to technology, the less connected they will be to each other.   that's clearly the case with thing explainer as well.   that’s compared to a gap of almost percent in the rest of pennsylvania (and in indiana, for that matter).   that search yields attestation papers, the two page form completed by soldiers and nurses who signed up to serve.   that's going to put me square in verizon if i want a little growth and t-mobile, which i thought got oversold when they reported."   that's interesting to me.   that's just not going to happen," he said.   that’s just what the cons are counting on.   that's much better than the overall stock market, which is negative for the year.   that's not a lot, but due to the heavy ice, caution should be exercised on roads, sidewalks and walking paths.   that's not just to have people to lean on.   that's not the take away from the fact the stock has gained .% over the previous five corrections and it has a current dividend yield of .%.   “that’s not the work of the person who has a mental illness,” weaver told yahoo news.   that’s not to take away from iowa’s relevance in the presidential race as an early primary state.   that’s not who we are.”   that’s probably still too optimistic.   that spurred a criminal investigation.   that stands as a team record for playoff points and four of his goals were game-winners.   "that's the dance native people and our government have been doing since day . every treaty is broken.   that's the kind of stuff i was into.   that's the reason all these companies are firing him, because he's toxic," graham added.   “that’s up to the owners,” goodell said.   “that’s what made people appreciate conservation,” said gokgathang timex moalosi, , sankuyo’s chief.   "that's what's so scary about these people that do these awful things," she said.   “that’s when he opened my car door and gave me three straight shots to my mouth,” he said.   that's when police say the truck hit the man who was crossing the avenue near st street around p.m. according to police, the suspect tried to flee but other drivers boxed him in with their vehicles until police arrived.   "that's where the big mistake happened," the sheriff said.   that's why he needs the public's help.   that's why the call for more help, especially from graphic designers, history buffs, ane young people with fresh ideas.   that's why the space agency and the association of unmanned vehicle systems international (auvsi) are hosting a convention on july th to th where they can all discuss the topic.   that's why we needed other jobs, all of us.   that tells how many children a woman can be expected to have if current birth rates continue.   "that tension colors the feel of the film," he said in an interview before his win at venice.   that, together with the transformation of spain's political landscape, make predicting the election outcome very difficult.   that, to me, is what this piece is about.   that ultimately prompted fema to invite all sandy victims to apply to have their case re-examined.   that version will sell for around $,, plus customization.   that veteran status alone could help ease the struggles.   that was below market expectations for a second straight . percent rise and piles further pressure on the european central bank to offer more stimulus.   that wasn't my goal because they didn't need me to save them.   "that was real important, especially on a longer road trip," said boedker of snapping the streak.   that was slightly up from the . percent support it got in a gad poll on dec. , though backing for the party has slipped since late november.   that was something i hadn't grasped fully when i accepted the invitation."   "that was the basis of his life, was to make a difference."   that was the weakest quarterly rate in a year, as activity was weighed down by a construction sector which shrank at the fastest pace for more than two years.   that we can pull for roman troops from from lycos go home to into the belly it's a simple device easy to use but sheriff mike hill believes it will save lives.   that will drop to – c overnight with a wind chill of –.   that will prove almost impossible to do.   that would be harder to describe.   that would make his method the same as the tiny, jowly, unarmed asian man in his s that federal authorities have been looking for who they believe is responsible for bank heists dating back to , including one on clement street last month.   that year, the canadian parliament officially dubbed it "victoria day," and it became a day of remembrance for the late monarch.   that you earn loads, in fact, overpaid.   the $-billion figure assumes the worst case scenario for industry, that no new pipelines will be constructed.   the days of festivities have their roots in the discovery of the -centimeter (a little over -inch) statue of santo domingo de guzman — also known as st. dominic de guzman, the founder of the dominican religious order.   the -year-old lhaso apso, called special, was being walked along ufton lane, sittingbourne, at about .pm on saturday when it ate something that had been discarded on the pavement.   the $ jpmorgan offered to put in her account as a promotional enticement helped seal the deal, she says.   'the world tour' continues through mid-december with dates in the u.s., singapore, china, and australia.   the -month trial of the venezuelan opposition leader is coming to a close on friday, sept. , as the imprisoned politician prepares to give his final remarks in a closed courtroom.   the calculation put the mountain at , feet, but it was done with the aerial radar measurements that fall short in pinpointing exact elevations, newell said.   the -gigabyte data dump reported on thursday would be roughly double the size of the earlier one, which included personal details of millions of members of ashley madison.   the th century fox sci-fi film has made $ million in the u.s. since its near-record opening earlier this month.   the -year-old was promoted from double-a chattanooga for the series finale in texas.   the . euros will be donated to the johanniter, a charity in cologne chorweiler, on thursday.   the -year-old could face jail mr hawkins told the press association: "we spoke to her this morning.   the percent target is a voluntary goal set up by a british government steering group.   the -year-old is a presumed paris attacker.   the -year-old actor, who served as a stand-in for his late brother paul walker in "furious ," will be co-starring in the new nicolas cage movie, "uss indianapolis: men of courage," deadline reported.   the gbps speeds are well above the mbps maximum speeds currently possible using g network specifications and the mbps offered by its successor lte-a, which is beginning to be deployed by operators around the world.   the -year-old swimming legend added the m butterfly to the gold he won in the m butterfly on friday in another world leading time of minute, . seconds, which he called “close to probably my best m fly ever.”   the -year-old frenchman combined the final years of his playing career at dutch division two side almere city with his medical studies, and is set to publish a more comprehensive study into football and mental health.   the -meter, the event she proudly says she “owns,” is reminiscent of a horse race.   the -year-old actress was spotted back in the pacific palisades, california home that she shares with ben affleck on friday, after filming wrapped in atlanta on her new film, "miracles from heaven."   the -year-old former stoke city and crystal palace manager replaces alan irvine, who was sacked on monday after a run of seven defeats in nine matches that left the club just a point above the relegation zone.   the -star winners were then re-judged to select just one from each of the different categories to go forward to represent arabia in the - international property awards.   the -year-old veteran politician had been experiencing speaking problems since the oct. federal election and said earlier this month that he would withdraw from the speaker race if doctors couldn’t find a cause of what was then a mystery illness.   the -foot-, -pound lefthanded hitter is committed to play at clemson.   the -foot-, -pound tight end took to twitter to bid farewell, writing “thankful to spend the first years of my career in gb.   the -year-old said her interest in the timperley fields development came in november last year, when the site was still empty and signs went up advertising the new estate.   the -year-old man pictured here is the oldest person in the village.   the -day visit that began monday comes as california finishes its fourth year of drought.   the th circuit said athletes have a right of publicity in video games, but it declined to decide whether they also have such rights in live tv broadcasts or archival footage.   the accord clinched by the u.s., britain, china, france, germany, russia and iran on july will provide iran hundreds of billions of dollars in relief from international sanctions in exchange for a decade of constraints on the country’s nuclear program.   the account subsequently posted a number of videos with people on the scene.   the account that williams told of the episode evolved over the years, with his personal involvement gradually growing more perilous.   the actions of these individuals are unacceptable and do not, in any way, represent the thousands of good, hardworking honorable correctional officers employed at the department of corrections."   the actress daughter has the same problem i did.   the actual building of the model however, i cannot speak to.   the act was updated in july in a bid to crack down on ticket fraud.   the adaptability of these new technologies is, however, a very important point.   the advocates say they'd like to see a revival of safe rooming houses in the city.   "the afp is currently evaluating allegations of the misappropriation of funds from football federation australia to fifa," the police said on thursday.   the african union authorized the force combining nigeria, chad, cameroon, niger and benin last month at a summit in ethiopia.   the agencies simply don't have the resources to support the rising numbers, silverstone told cbc news.   the agency established a committee of disability groups that offered feedback on the voting process from start to finish.   the agency projects coal use to continue growing somewhat in coming years, largely owing to increased demand in india and southeast asia.   the agency said it had mainly found links between meat-eating and bowel cancer, but had also noted connections with cancer of the pancreas and prostate.   the agency said it required desert sunlight to provide funds for more than , acres of habitat for desert tortoises and other sensitive species to help offset the effect on the environment.   the agency says the deal follows a recent u.s. drug enforcement administration investigation that led to a large amount of doping products being seized, much of it obtained over the internet from chinese companies and laboratories.   the agency set up robotsus, a contest for high school students, to reach out to the demographic that's most likely going to share space with robots.   the agency, which will begin to send notification letters to affected taxpayers this week, will provide free credit monitoring and protection for the victims.   the agents observe events inside a computer almost the moment they occur.   the age of the actor chosen to play the -year-old is unknown.   the agreement, originally signed in by the u.s. and the soviet union, reflects long-standing family and cultural ties among many natives on both sides of the strait.   the airline has issued a special flight schedule, but passengers have been told to check lufthansa's website to see if their flight had been disrupted.   the airlines have dedicated all efforts to make sure the victims' families could mourn in peace.   the airport's addition of a couple thousand more outlets and usb ports is, "great, that's absolutely wonderful," she said.   the album was re-released in with a much more direct title: dean martin sings/sinatra conducts.   the albuquerque house used as the white family residence in the show isn't for sale, though it's been a really popular place for throwing pizzas on the roof.   the alleged conduct took place beginning in .   the all-natural ingredients in the pods are freeze-dried and have a shelf-life of between one and two years.   "the all weather areas of the pleasure park such as the roller disco and diner, amusement arcades, dreamland emporium, ice cream palour and octopus’s garden remain open as usual."   the americans were unarmed, but when skarlatos said “let’s go” to stone, the off-duty u.s. airman ran down the aisle, grabbed the man by the neck and wouldn’t let go, even as the attacker slashed him.   the amityville books, however, tell a different tale.   the analyst said that he expects htc’s share price to be under pressure until its virtual reality headset hits the market.   the ancient virus, mollivirus sibericum, is able to infect a modern amoeba, which raises concerns among scientists.   the announcement came as authorities charged four men as accomplices in paris kosher supermarket shooting.   the announcement comes in the wake of criticism that uber isn't doing enough to ensure the safety of female passengers.   the answer is categorically "yes" with wandisco's technology.   "the apology doesn't fix the past.   the app launcher itself is a little less attractive, at least at first.   the approval came wednesday morning, just a day before judge barry williams will decide whether the trials for six officers charged in gray's death should be moved to a different jurisdiction.   the app was born out of a desperation for "buyer and seller trust."   the arakan project, a rohingya rights group, has said as many as , people may be adrift and the international organization for migration said search and rescue operations are urgently needed.   "the architecture of the country is almost uniformly modern; its historical documents are extremely few and not very ancient; its society lacks the customs and ceremonies of former epochs."   "the area that's been taken in with all this wet — i don't know if they have enough staff to deal with it.   the army also planned to reduce civilian jobs by ,.   the army was expected to formally announce bergdahl's fate later wednesday.   the art world encompasses sculpture, design, photography, installation, mixed media and everything in between.   the associated press does not typically name sex abuse victims, but geimer has publicly identified herself in court filings, interviews and a memoir.   the associated press tacoma — a -year-old man has been criminally charged in connection with breaking a $, glass sculpture at the tacoma art museum.   the association also gives single parents a grocery gift card.   the association, however, says it's difficult to estimate how many people were actually forced to leave the country under the operation.   the asteroid is estimated to be to meters wide and traveling at , mph.   the athlete then finished the race.   the attack on a market in the city of potiskum is the latest in a string of suicide strikes in which children have been used.   the attack on debiro biu left people dead, he said.   the attack wounded at least another people as it shattered the vehicle near the damascus citadel and the centuries-old hamidiyeh bazaar, state-run media reported.   "the attorney for ethyl said, ‘it wouldn’t matter if a substance was liquid plutonium destined for a child’s breakfast cereal.   the attorney general's office for environmental protection said tuesday the problems involved waste waters from a coffee processing plant and two fish packing plants in puerto chiapas.   the attorney general's office has not answered huffpost's requests for comment, but murillo karam has publicly defended his efforts to investigate the attack.   the attorney general was consulted and was clear that there would be a clear legal basis for action in international law.   "the auction results triggered worries that those who have long positions on bonds may unwind their positions and have a big impact on other asset classes," said nobuhiko kuramochi, a strategist at mizuho securities.   the audience figure includes anyone who watched for more than three seconds.   the audience ovation left no doubt that this recognition was shared.   the australian leader last year spent several days in remote arnhem land in the northern territory running the government from a tent before cutting short his stay to farewell troops deployed to the middle east.   the author of numerous books, collins released "the st. tropez lonely hearts club" in november.   the authors list the activities that took place there and elsewhere in the pub: talking, thinking, smoking, spitting, playing games, betting, singing, playing the piano, the buying and selling of goods, including hot pies and bootlaces.   "the auto industry continues to be on track to have its best sales year since ," said mcneil.   the automakers will also be out in force, with out of the biggest auto manufacturers at the show.   the average age for a diagnosed victim of mesothelioma is years old.   "the average income is £, a year or thereabouts.   the average rate is now right at percent.   "the back-four have been solid but it’s everyone.   the ball just didn't release.   the baltimore bullpen came through again, giving up just one run on six hits in eight innings, something that made manager buck showalter happy.   the baltimore orioles' - win over the chicago white sox before , empty seats was a strange sight, but the orioles did have some fun, despite the circumstances.   the band have a deep bandcamp discography, releasing records at such a quick quip, it is hard to keep up.   the band, made up of a mix of people that came from other bands, joined forces three years ago and has since released an album, broken road, and embarked on a canadian tour.   the bank almost collapsed in after a huge black hole was discovered in its accounts.   the bank said rather than a $.-billion surplus in -, there would be a deficit of $.-billion, with more red ink the following year.   "the barbican is terrific.   "the basis of the magna carta is a bastion against tyranny and against over-mighty government," derek taylor, the author of the book magna carta in places, told usa today, adding that the charter's importance in america "can't be underestimated."   the batters batted well and the bowlers did a decent job, but it was definitely an opportunity missed."   the battle in zabul is the first instance of rivalry between taliban leaders bursting into the open.   the battle over the path began about three decades ago.   the bbc is not responsible for the content of external sites.   the bbc reported that chelsea had agreed a fee of £ million (.m euros, $.m) with the reigning european champions and that the -year-old was on a flight to london to finalise the terms of the transfer.   the bbc's richard westcott was the first journalist to visit a brand new station that is being built in northampton.   the bbc yesterday published 'birmingham's ancient koran history revealed'.   the bee's knees is, so far, the island's only brewpub.   the best of the verge, delivered daily – sign up for the verge newsletter.   the best thing to do is to walk across the bridge and then stand at the edge of the river and just take in the architectural beauty.   the best way to get busy again is talking through your non bedroom-related problems, berger said.   the better policy alternative for the united states is to follow sweden’s approach and remove criminal sanctions for selling sexual services without making it permissible to buy.   the better the price gains, the more homes that can be brought to market."   the bible may worry that its numerous admonitions to be generous to the poor (e.g. lev :) will incline judges to favor the poor.   the big -year-old outfielder is in the game for his defense and his power potential (and because carl crawford has been terrible), but pederson draws walks as well as anyone in the game and he drew his second of the game to lead off the fourth.   the bigger concern is whether other players could come down with the highly contagious disease, and whether it might affect the postseason.   the bigger issue, though, is that it was the patriots across the way, not some bumbling rag-tag, poorly coached operation.   the biggest trade of the year was the move of luis suarez (pictured above), from english premier league side liverpool to spanish club barcelona.   "the biggest trait of hangzhou cuisine (hangbang cai) is the originality in flavor, which highlights the original taste of the ingredients self," says cheng.   "the big government labor bosses will never forgive me for taking away their power but we are doing the right thing," walker said in the email, noting that he had signed the law and asking for donations of $, $ and $,.   the big haul is more than twice that of his closest gop competitor so far, ted cruz, who is expected to pull in about $ million between his campaign and multiple super pacs.   "the big short" was another chance to address it head on.   the bill aims, as its name suggests, to give "schools a greater say in decision-making and ensure parents' presence within each school board's decision-making body."   the bill clinton boost some of the positive references to clinton are ones in which she is tied to her husband, who was largely popular in many black communities in the s.   the billionaire financier was sentenced to months in prison in after pleading guilty to child sex offenses, but several women want authorities to reconsider a plea deal that they said allowed epstein to avoid more serious federal charges.   the bills are introducing a run-first attack under ryan and new offensive coordinator greg roman.   the bills' hierarchy is in flux despite the team's - finish, which matched their best record in years.   the bill was approved on a - vote in the house, and an - vote in the senate.   the bill would have kept the first hour free of charge and capped the hourly charge at the minimum wage rate.   the "black and tans" (pictured in tipperary, ) gained a reputation for excessive violence in january churchill assumed the role of secretary of state for war and air.   the bloc's best chances lie in eastern montreal and on the south shore, regions that are largely francophone.   the blood of our brothers in daraa (in the south), in ghouta (near damascus), in homs (central) and in other syrian provinces are no less important than our blood in aleppo," they said.   the blue team mission began in a large open space inside of an enormous covenant ship.   the bma has called for a "pause" in policy development while safety concerns are addressed and said any changes should be piloted in small studies before being rolled out more widely.   the board does regularly tape meetings, but it is optional and it's not a legal requirement, she said.   the board has agreed to buy back up to million shares, or . percent of total outstanding shares, at a price of nt$. to nt$. per share, silitech said in a filing with the taiwan stock exchange.   the board members mutually agreed that there is "no longer the trust necessary for a successful cooperation," according to the company leadership.   "the boat had lifejackets and lifeboats, but due to the sudden capsizing, there was not enough time for people to put on lifejackets or for the signals to be sent out," zhong said.   the body high it creates and the length of the high could be traumatic for a teenager.   the boeing was carrying passengers and crew members.   the boeing vc- -- a military version of the -b -- served as air force one for bush as well as presidents bill clinton, george w. bush and barack obama.   the bombers had wanted the times bomb to go off at a.m., when the times building would be empty.   the bottom line is that ambarella's forecast for a decline in revenue from action camera chips in q doesn't necessarily mean that gopro will have a weak holiday quarter.   the bourse requested that nanya release its latest net profit figure due to unusually strong stock prices.   the bout brought out some big names, including nba mvp stephen curry, who carried ward's title belt into the ring before the fight.   the boys and their mother, rehen, died during a treacherous journey across the mediterranean sea to escape war-torn syria.   the boy suffered numerous fractures on his left side and a serious head injury similar to a concussion, said dr. christopher newton, head of trauma at the oakland hospital.   the boy was rushed to a hospital in kentville, n.s., around p.m. and later died.   the breakthrough came amid protests in atlanta, after five days and nights of negotiations.   the “bride” then threw her bouquet, and there was a wedding toast.   the british demand is no longer a multi-speed europe, which we have had for years, but variable geometry on a structural scale.   the british pop music icon and aids activist was the star turn at a senate hearing on future funding for the united states' core global aids initiative.   the british press had a field day with another wristwatch, this one worn by kremlin press secretary dmitry peskov at his wedding to former olympic ice dancer tatyana navka last week.   the broad-based s&p was essentially unchanged, up . percent to ,., while the tech-rich nasdaq composite index edged down . percent at ,..   the broadcaster, goffey told bbc breakfast, was "the obvious choice", asking: "who else in tv is really clued-up about the cars and has got a persona to match jeremy's?"   the broncos released a statement sunday morning standing strongly behind manning.   the budget deal addresses this by having the treasury lend $. billion to the medicare program, so beneficiaries paying the increase will see premiums rise roughly percent — a sharp hike, but much less than without the loan.   the buildings seemed timeless, as if they oscillated between past and present.   the building was designed for a zipcar generation that embraces a sharing economy, said matt griffin, the seattle developer who came up with the concept for via.   the built-in support features and simple user interface will dramatically increase the usability of d printing for the general public, users having faced difficulties in producing or acquiring the necessary d data when using existing d printers.   the burin peninsula is not alone in its need for more doctors.   the bus collided with the timber truck at : local time (: gmt), at what local residents described as a notoriously dangerous bend in the road.   the buyer was a london woman named jackie holmes, who bought george harrison's childhood home last year for £, pounds.   the buy to keep mentality may also be the right way to approach a low-growth global economy where scars from the global financial crisis continue to surface.   the california department of transportation estimated the debris between islip saddle and vincent gap amounted to truckloads.   the california public utilities commission has slapped the ride-sharing company with a $. million fine and ordered its suspension in the state, after it failed to comply with the agency's reporting requirements.   the caller tells the consumer that their computer has an urgent problem or virus that must be fixed immediately.   the caller told deputies that when the friend showed up at cleon moen’s home at robertson road, moen was outside and told him that he had just shot and killed his wife, michelle moen.   the camera follows the user via gps tied to a bracelet, which communicates distance, position and speed back to the camera.   the campaign noted that many cases referred to the official house ethics committee are dismissed.   the camp reportedly had been taken by security forces loyal to former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh.   the canadian government welcomed the court’s decision but said the prospect of fahmy standing retrial is “unacceptable.”   the canadian institutes of health research is the federal government's major health science research organization.   the canadian olympic committee had been urging toronto to enter the race.   the cancer diagnosis will add depth to the character of lady macbeth, edmonds said.   the cannabis experiment continues as medicinal marijuana use becomes more widespread.   the capability of these devices will keep increasing as prices drop.   the captain and chief engineer, who were among those who escaped, have since been detained.   the card can be used in any of the eu countries outside the uk as well as iceland, liechtenstein, norway and switzerland.   "the card issuers sometimes don't make it easy to earn bonus points and cash back, but it can be done," honig says.   the case at the u.s. district court for the district of columbia is united states v ab electrolux and general electric co. it is no. -.   the case focused on rates for certain residential services.   the case in california's eastern district could result in payouts for thousands of migrant workers, but each passing day raises the possibility that they will have moved on and be impossible to track down, gomez said.   the case involved four foreigners kept behind bars pending deportation or extradition for periods ranging from two years to more than eight years.   the case of the french teen suggests that immediate treatment may lead to remission in some children infected through their hiv-positive mothers, but other factors may be at play, such as an individual's genetic predisposition or a robust immune system.   "the case presents issues of national importance and the department believes it should be considered expeditiously," rodenbush said.   the cases now involve organized global criminal networks that can hack millions of names.   the case was investigated by the northwest unit for special investigations, a law enforcement team that investigates sex crimes and child abuse.   the casualty reports could not be independently verified.   "the catalan question is more about shades of grey, but the basques are extreme in all aspects of life.   the catch is that not all items are available online, so you'll need to do your homework first to plot out what you want to buy and where you can get it.   the cat should have been rescued for a better life, not worse.”   “the ceasefire is conditional on the houthis agreeing to live by these commitments,” kerry added.   the celebration included a car and tractor show, which had not been held for the past three years.   the center is funded through a combination of asset forfeitures and a department of justice grant of $,.   the center is reiterating its earlier arguments to the state's highest court.   the center of the storm is expected to be near the leeward islands by sunday night or monday morning, and could bring to inches of rain, forecasters said.   the centerpiece, of course, is the hayride itself, which takes guests on a ride through griffith park full of macabre vignettes and monsters that creep up alongside the trailer.   the centers for medicare & medicaid services increasingly factors patients' satisfaction into its quality measures, which are linked to the size of medicare payments hospitals get.   the centre is housed in a dartmouth industrial park adjacent to the municipal and federal emergency coordination centres.   the challenge is making money without traditional bundles of content like newspapers, magazines, and even the old model of reading a website or blog every day.   the changes announced by president obama eliminate one of the pretexts used by the cuban government to persecute citizens who work to guarantee that the people have more freedoms.   the changes come after at least people are believed to have died after a s hawker hunter fighter jet crashed onto a busy highway during the shoreham airshow, miles south of london.   the changes will make it possible for the abbey to grow and continue its service, she said — like a movie with a happy ending.   the charges provide mixed news for christie as he tries to regain momentum in support of an expected presidential bid.   the charity did not respond to questions about whether it purchased any of carson's books for fundraisers or whether it pays for him and his wife to travel to the awards ceremonies.   the charles de gaulle did a two-month stint in the gulf from february, weeks after islamist attacks in paris left dead, from where strikes against is in iraq were carried out, before returning to its base in the french port of toulon.   the charlie hebdo satirical weekly, published after last week's terror attacks in paris, displayed an image of the muslim prophet muhammad, depicted grieving for the victims, saying "all is forgiven," and holding a "je suis charlie" placard.   the chemistry between steve rogers and black widow (scarlett johansson) carries the story.   the chiefs took season ticket holder prices and researched what other teams and leagues were doing.   the chinese firm, formerly a minority partner of african minerals in the african minerals-run project, acquired full ownership earlier this year and resumed operations in may.   the chip is scheduled to ship out in december for backers, but there's a chance that this could change as the production timelines are finalized.   the chippewas broke through with eight seconds left in the half on rush's -yard scoring pass to rice, capping an -yard drive aided by two defensive penalties.   the chopper set down on the embassy's rooftop helicopter pad and woods opened the ramp and hatch.   the christmas marks the sixtieth year norad has tracked santa -- a tradition that actually began as an accident.   the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints issued a statement in support of religious freedom.   the church was comfortably full for the event, organized by jennie alford at ephesus.   the circumstances of her rescue are not clear yet.   the city has pieces of snow-moving equipment and , tons of salt ready, he said.   the city has returned broadly to normal since the metro and schools reopened on wednesday.   the city of st. john's is looking at implementing a robotic garbage system similar to what mount pearl uses.   the city remains in crisis.   the city's christian community dreads future assaults, while muslim leaders fear a continuing backlash from the authorities, who they say are quick to pin collective blame on the entire muslim community for the violence.   the city was the scene of an intense manhunt saturday, as rifle-toting police in bullet-proof vests, some with trained canines, searched for boys, checking backyards and crawl spaces under houses.   the city will retime traffic signals downtown within the next year, said scott kubly, director of the seattle department of transportation.   the civil defence office said there were no immediate reports of storm-related deaths but the typhoon knocked out power in much of the province, making it difficult to get data.   the clear message, riseupoctober organizer carl dix said in a statement, is: "if you speak out, we will come after you, threaten your livelihood, and attempt to scare you back into silence."   the client on the neighboring yacht, a russian woman who was relaxing with her family in the fading light, had sailed into portofino to see the results of alta moda’s work.   the cnn hosted debate comes as trump leads in national polls.   the cnn/orc international poll was conducted on july - among a random national sample of , adults, including registered voters.   the coalition told the audience that it has faith in its lawyers and its case.   the coast guard said seven people died at sea.   the coast guard said the crew earlier reported it had been able to contain the flooding.   " the coincidence was nearly unbelievable, according to annamaria.   the college serves more than , undergraduate majors and graduate students.   the colts are likely to face a similar tactic when they try to extend a -game winning streak against division foes sunday at tennessee (-).   the comedy depicting an assassination attempt on kim is at the center of tension between north korea and the u.s., with washington blaming pyongyang for crippling hacking attacks on sony entertainment.   the commission said facebook would not explain in detail how it uses data it collects.   the committee had also imposed life bans on chennai team principal gurunath meiyappan and rajasthan co-owner raj kundra over contact with illegal book-makers after a spot-fixing scandal emerged during the season.   the committee, led by sen. ron johnson, r-wis., is trying to determine whether classified information was exposed on the homemade server.   the committee's decisions go to the prime minister and then the queen, who awards the honours.   the committee would then report findings back to government.   the communists and the left bloc have agreed to temporarily shelve their demands to exit nato and the euro zone, and the socialists have agreed to roll back austerity measures, cut taxes, and raise pensions and wages.   the companies challenged those assertions, and the district court sided with them, returning the case to the appeals court.   the companies said last year that they will call off their patent disputes going forward -- outside the united states.   the company also gathered three top- finishes and four top- finishes.   the company also partners with community mainstreaming associates, a non-profit that helps individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities attain residential and employment opportunities.   the company also plans to provide ongoing post-deployment system level support to content distributors both domestically and internationally.   the company declined to comment on the report but it said its full-year earnings would fall below earlier forecasts due to a "deterioration'' in sales at home and "severe competition'' in the liquid crystal display business.   the company forecast adjusted profit of $.-$. per share for the third quarter.   the company had previously recalled the metal-on-metal devices in , after patients alleged they caused pain and joint dislocation and could even damage the central nervous system, thyroid and heart.   the company has become the no. player in the u.s. market and has made moves to broaden its appeal globally as well.   the company has introduced an in-between plan, evernote plus, that unlocks a few key features at a more reasonable $ per year, or $ per month.   the company installed surveillance cameras in april, when the women complained, and reportedly caught foley yellow handed.   the company is also making investments in computerized tools for the agricultural sector.   the company isn’t sharing who their partners are at the moment, but that could change, says iz conroy, communications manager for amino.   the company last issued an emergency patch like this in november .   the company plans to move forward with projects already in the works, including an expansion pack for the sims and ongoing support for the existing the sims and simcity faithful.   the company said its operating costs were expected to fall by us$ billion, or about percent, this year as part of a broad efficiency drive to boost its balance sheet.   the company said they expected those approvals within a year.   the company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its revenue growth, solid stock price performance, growth in earnings per share, increase in net income and reasonable valuation levels.   the company suffered a blow to its image when a -year-old woman died last year after taking an overdose of its pills.   the company told us that the mechanical legs should last some years — and even if you keep your stir desk around for half that time, you're likely getting your money's worth.   the company uses classic brand-building principles to maintain and grow its brand equity.   the company will be talking to homeowners near the two proposed sites, and the hoa president, about their concerns.   the company would not say what that figure was before, but it was likely much smaller.   the computer model forecasts “this horrendous dramatic” impact on the great barrier reef, hodgson said.   the concept has received support from the space frontier foundation and the space tourism society, the kickstarter page said.   the concorde is a turbo-powered jet capable of achieving a speed of mach ., twice the speed of sound.   the confusion we had on trying to identify the male was that he wasn't living at home, he was living with friends," said staff sgt. marko shehovac of columbia valley rcmp.   the constitution, which will be formally promulgated by president ram baran yadav on sunday, was pushed through the assembly this week despite protests by ethnic minority groups.   the contact lenses are thought to be a seperate project from the google glass program, according to web pro news, which spotted the patent.   the content of this profile is private and confidential information.   the controversial tycoon’s popularity has surged despite his provocative attacks on fellow-republicans.   the conversation hasn’t changed microsoft’s stance, though.   the cool thing about knowledge is that there is always something new to learn, something that can add to your life.   the cornerback is a new orleans native who played at o. perry walker high school in algiers.   the corruption is simple, mukhi argued.   the costs of reconstruction, at a time when oil revenues have sharply declined, is likely measured in billions of dollars.   the council was established to promote growth in american business and equip american workers with the skills they need to succeed.   the counter punch came only hours later.   the countries are locked in a dispute over the planned execution of a brazilian citizen for drug trafficking.   "the countries that might host them would need a percent guarantee that those that are entitled to asylum get asylum in the european union," she added.   the country charged microsoft with $ million in unpaid taxes in november .   the county school board agreed to remove a bible verse on a monument by the madison county football field after secular organizations complained about the religious statement on public grounds.   the county’s force says reuniting lost goods with their owners is “not a police matter” any more.   the county worker remains in critical condition, said mary lisa russell, a spokeswoman for fresno's community regional medical center.   the couple from brünnhilde strasse came.   the couple said they spent about hours at the hospital after the attack, but they managed to carry out their plans sunday afternoon to celebrate pride.   the couple's divorce was finalized more than a year earlier in january .   the couple's doctor, dr. victor a. khouzami, said he's never witnessed identical triplets in more than three decades at the hospital.   the courts appointed a new municipal judge; police chief tommy jackson resigned, and knowles came under pressure to step down, too, although he has resisted.   the crater of mount nyiragongo contains the largest and most voluminous lava lake in the world, measuring a staggering ten million cubic meters.   the creation and maintenance of so many u.s. bases overseas likewise encourages other nations to build their own foreign bases in what could rapidly become an escalating “base race.”   the creepy types are haunting, he believes, due to their “peculiar power of attraction.”   the crocodile farm was set up to sell meat and skins.   the crowd of migrants, some pushing luggage-laden strollers and carrying their children, highlights the paradox of turkey's position.   the crown, who has expressed concern over the lengthy delay in the case, had wanted to start in may.   the cruffin is based on an old french pastry -- stephen didn't invent the cruffin, but he does claim to have brought it to san francisco -- and requires a labor-intensive process of rolling and cutting dough over and over.   the csu currently holds three seats on merkel's cabinet.   the current collective bargaining agreement between the nba and the nbapa doesn't expire until after the - season, but both sides have the opportunity to opt out in the summer of .   the daily mail was contacted for comment but did not respond by the time this story went live.   the data breach includes users' personal names, emails, home addresses and message history.   the daughters' lawyer, larissa drohobyczer, provided the affidavits to cnn but wouldn't comment on the case.   the days are so hectic, having to ensure that the areas have water, and it is very costly.   "the deal is a culmination of over a decade of mass consolidation."   the deal is aimed at preventing iran from developing nuclear weapons in exchange for an easing of the sanctions.   the deal is expected to be officially announced on monday.   the deal is expected to make tweets much easier to search.   the deals sponsors and owners of % and % of the plant respectively.   the deal was initially worth $ billion but is now widely estimated to have jumped to $ billion, primarily because of the implications of building some of the jets in india.   the deal was signed by khaled tukan, head of the jordan atomic energy commission, and sergey kirienko, chief executive of russia's state nuclear company rosatom.   the death penalty is reinstated.   the deaths have sparked international condemnation and protests in dhaka.   the debacle swept through social media.   the debate was crowded, bloated, sour, and long.   the deceased has been identified as -year-old cleo-lisa 'liz' griffiths of a clarks avenue, ewarton, st catherine, address.   the deciding game goes wednesday at the rogers centre, with hope of a happy ending for toronto's first foray into the playoffs in years.   the decision represents a compromise of sorts between two camps that have publicly feuded over the drug for years.   the decline reversed the prior week's rise and ended three straight weeks of increases. advertisement claims tend to be volatile during the summer when automakers normally shut assembly plants for annual retooling.   the decor attempts to emulate the golden days of the raj when maharajas traveled with opulence and pomp in ostentatious carriages.   the deeper they splash their tongues, the more water they get.   the defeated trio - andy burnham, yvetter cooper and liz kendall - were widely regarded as advocates of policies of former labour premier tony blair.   the defence attorney also suggested that she tore the necklace off her neck in the bedroom before the violence began.   the defendants busted last week were charged with breaking federal laws by importing illegal synthetic compounds and mixing them into the artificial marijuana.   the defense made its largely clinical case in about a quarter of the time that prosecutors took.   the demilitarized zone has divided north and south korea since the korean war ended in with an armistice rather than a formal peace treaty.   the department of labor did not return a call asking for comment.   the department's other area of concern is safety on the water.   the deployment included sharepoint servers in four data centers around the world, with more than , users.   the design project cost $,, but the engineers made sure to include leather seats and a cd player.   the designs promote the use of the enterprise request portal, where the end-user can easily navigate between an organization's departments and generate incidents, requests or get access to knowledge articles.   the details of the agreement were not immediately clear but the train-and-equip programme is seen as a way for both sides to find common ground.   the device's release also marks the beginning of what will be a kickoff year for the vr industry, when htc, sony and oculus release high-end devices meant to work with pcs and video game consoles.   “the devices that we served a search warrant on, we found thousands of images of child pornography,” said leavitt.   the dfpa announced fire season was over monday, which means they have also lifted the backyard burn ban.   the diaphragm is not just a breathing muscle; it's also a core postural muscle that attaches to your lumbar spine (low back) and runs through your hip flexors.   the difference in the game, ornelas said, was a few moments where her team was out-worked.   the digital hanseatic league has become a robust marketplace of innovative knowledge sharing.   the dining experience takes place at the frozen junction of the assiniboine and red rivers for three weeks, and features guest chefs from both winnipeg and other cities.   the diplomatic negotiations that preceded the meeting was exquisitely complex, even covering who should pay for dinner — they split the bill.   the disclosure on friday that four members of sanders' team improperly accessed voter information compiled by clinton's campaign shook up what had been a relatively civil race.   the disclosures have sparked a political row in britain over practices at hsbc and whether tax authorities had done enough to pursue possible wrongdoers.   the discrepancy between the executive pay that companies disclose and how much ceos actually end up taking home highlights the increasingly important role of stock-based pay in executive portfolios.   the discussion was very theoretical because the scenario of a euro zone country defaulting within the currency union would be without precedent.   the district's sustainability coordinator anna page says river bank erosion and the risk of motorboats crashing into swimmers and tubers are a concern.   the district used to get rid of the salty water by putting it into the colorado, but doing that raised the river’s salinity so high that it began harming farms downstream, in mexico.   the district website (piaad.   the dmv has no estimate for how many undocumented immigrants have been driving without licenses.   the doctor complied, and the brca test was negative.   the doctor said he still believes gun violence is a preventable health problem, comparing it to seatbelts and swimming pool safety.   the dodgers, who also added relievers jim johnson and luis avilan, outfielder michael morse and infield prospect jose peraza, sent promising cuban infielder hector olivera, reliever paco rodriguez and pitching prospect zach bird to atlanta.   the dog had gotten out of her home, but was wearing a collar and tag.   the dog’s owner, yeh ying-tuan (葉英端), said she has lived in the area for years, but had never seen a cobra before.   the dog that was killed was a four-year-old black and white pomeranian named diamond.   the dollar fell to a seven-week low against a basket of currencies as signs of slowing growth may cause fed policymakers to abandon plans for a possible rate increase later this year.   the domestic launch of the revamped tucson helped hyundai kick up home sales in march.   the dovish policymaker has recently pivoted to emphasizing the pace of monetary policy tightening rather than the date of the initial hike.   the dow jones industrial average traded about points lower, off earlier losses of more than points, or . percent.   the draft has yet to be accepted by all and is to be published on monday.   the draw hosted monday night by the n.w.t. government was the first of its kind in years.   the driver of a volkswagen car was seriously injured and later died.   the driver of the pickup truck suffered serious injuries, but has since been released from hospital.   the driver of the townace is believed to have suffered injuries.   the drugs, which can be snorted, smoked, liquefied and injected, started turning up in eastern canada in .   the duo's comedy central sketches have become viral youtube phenomenon months and even years after their originals tapings.   the duo weren't sure why the invitation was offered, what to expect, or even how long they'll be there.   the dxy began the month trading at . made a month low of . on october before spending the next two weeks climbing to its october - high-water mark of .; closing october at ..   the eagles quarterback suffered a concussion and a grade ac joint sprain in his left (non-throwing) shoulder in the third quarter of last week's - loss to the miami dolphins.   the early morning raid in baraki barak district of logar province comes as coalition forces increase air strikes on potential militant targets despite the drawdown of nato forces after years of war.   the ebola epidemic photos a man digs a grave on october , , outside an ebola treatment center near gbarnga, liberia.   the economic prosperity, islamic culture and the large population of rohingya in malaysia are all pull factors.   the edathy scandal triggered these reforms, and in that sense, it had its good side.   the effort could prevent leaders from extending current spending levels come the new budget year oct. , since planned parenthood now receives more than $ million in government assistance.   the election board is set to determine an exact date for elections after the parties give their opinions, anatolia said.   the election victory of the greek leftists is probably also a result of desperation.   the elephant skin came from a taxidermist, who obtained it from an elephant that had died of natural causes, marais said.   the elevated salt levels in the water threatened some of the wildlife in the area that depend on a supply of fresh water.   the emails are searchable here.   "the emerging practice by chinese naval captains of 'hail and respond' with their american counterparts has been welcomed by the u.s. military."   the emissions-cheating scandal at volkswagen is showing little sign of slowing down germany's largest carmaker, industry data showed on tuesday, as october sales were barely dented by the worst crisis in the company's history.   the employee indicates in the email that clinton's team asked them to change the back-up duration between october and february, presumably of /, though that isn't explicitly stated in the portion of the email included in johnson's letter.   the enemy is certainly not muslims or islam.   the entire video, which was recorded by tomac on a tv as it was being broadcast, follows below.   the environment ministry says the spill in a rift valley valued over eons is a major disaster.   the epicentre of monday's quake was just a few hundred kilometres from the site of a . magnitude quake that struck in october , killing more than , people and displacing some . million more, although that quake was much shallower.   the epidemic reaches across all demographics and nearly half of those surveyed say they know someone who has abused heroin.   the ert demonstration is not part of musical ride performances anywhere other than at sunset ceremonies in ottawa.”   "the ethos and aim of the project was to give richard what he didn't get in ," she says.   the european affairs ministers of france, germany and slovakia joined their italian counterpart in a statement on friday calling for a "resolute european answer".   the european border regime began a few kilometers down the road: the refugees were loaded into prison buses and driven to a camp near the croatian town of opatovac.   the european central bank and the bank of japan are engaged in unprecedented attempts at monetary stimulus designed to boost employment and price gains.   the european commission estimates the market for mobile health services could exceed . billion euros ( billion euros) from .   the european commission has proposed new legislation to tighten vehicle testing in line with real driving conditions.   the european court of human rights oversees human rights law that the uk has signed up to a ministry of justice spokesman said: "the government has always been clear that it believes prisoner voting is an issue that should ultimately be decided in the uk.   the europeans don't think that's necessarily the case.   "the eurozone was the source of the biggest losses this wednesday, a touch of thin trading volumes and a propensity for drama causing the dax to plunge by around points," noted spreadex analyst connor campbell.   the eu's member nations have pledged to provide experts and funds to help manage the emergency, and to share refugees among them.   the evening began with a seemingly softball question about the candidates’ positions on raising the minimum wage to $ an hour, which they mostly oppose.   the event tends to focus on electronics, and according to recent statistics canada data, canadian retailers have felt a slight shift.   the event was unique in the sense that nearly everyone in attendance was cheering for the same outcome, he said.   "the evidence clearly show that if there's more than one worker at a workplace these robberies tend not to happen," mcgowan said.   the evidence is all there, sheeple!   the examiner confirms that staff from the coroner's office was on the scene.   the example, as it always is with the patriots, was set by their no. . it was conveyed through a few choice words in a huddle full of his teammates, in a stadium chanting his name.   the excellent museu picasso is rich in the artwork from this time, when pablo was finding his artistic voice.   the executive and a company he controls, jinglong goup co. ltd., own . million shares, or a . percent stake in the company.   the exercise setting includes multiple sports, but i kept forgetting to turn on “yoga” during yoga.   "the existing amount that is allocated for equalization would be distributed across a smaller number of provinces.   the experience in overland park keeps giving back to frampton, too.   the extent to which we are committed to and capable of adapting to the new climate realities depends upon the rapidity with which we seriously take actions to eliminate greenhouse gasses in our atmosphere and our oceans.   the facebook post was originally deleted and replaced with one in which strickland said he believes canada is the best country in which to raise a family, educate children and become prosperous.   "the face of terror is not the true faith of islam," he said.   "the fact that asm.js is a pure subset of javascript.   the fact, though, that clinton was in control of her own archives has concerned some archive and cybersecurity experts.   the fairfield, connecticut-based company also said monday that it has a memorandum of understanding for the possible sale of its european fleet businesses to bnp paribas subsidiary arval.   the fair has been a big part of vantol’s life.   "the fallout has been heavy, maybe heavier than i thought.   the family also says she was assaulted by a trooper during the arrest and the county failed to keep her safe and secure in jail.   the family and childcare trust said families had big decisions to make.   the family are hosting a fun day at new ash green pavilion, in punch croft road, at pm on saturday to thank everyone involved in the build.   "the farther away you are, the less impact the fireworks will have on a child's hearing," rosenthal explained.   the fate of the german woman with turkish origin, who died on her rd birthday, had inspired grief and sympathy all over the country.   the father quickly pulled the truck into the median and tried to administer first aid on his daughter as a bystander called to report “an adult holding an unresponsive child.”   the fbi and secret service are investigating the claims, which, if true, would be a major humiliation for us intelligence after a string of high-profile leaks.   the fbi has privately discounted moldovan claims that radioactive materials seized in more recent smuggling incidents here were being sought by the islamic state terrorist group.   the federal agency last year proposed changing the protections for the reclusive caribou.   the federal court of justice (bgh) upheld the ruling by a lower court on tuesday, confirming that a woman, , and her partner, , face a three-year prison sentence for serious abuse of their son.   the federal department said giblin joined the canadian armed forces in .   the federal funds target rate is the target rate charged between u.s. banks for overnight loans needed to maintain their required reserve balances.   the federal government countered that the law is part of a legal framework aimed at protecting young people from any and all sexual involvement with adults given the inherent power imbalance.   the federal government’s nursing home compare tool has useful quality indicators, survey deficiencies and payment types for every nursing home available for public view, dobbs told reuters health by email.   the federal government will then have a year to renew the deal that has huge economic consequences for b.c. "we're going to work with whoever is elected for the best interest of the province," clark said.   the federation didn’t support me when i was with them and i almost quit, but i chose my own path and i am determined to make my country proud,” he said.   the fed is expected to do so for the first time in almost a decade later this year if the economy, especially the labor market, keeps improving.   the feet of someone on the ground are visible in the doorway.   the fengjie sinkhole is one of the largest sinkholes in the world.   the festival's organizers, who hold the largest special-recreation permit in the country from the bureau, still await a permit to hold this year's gathering near gerlach, about miles north of reno.   the figure is expected to rise as search and rescue crews continue to move through quake-hit communities.   the figures do not indicate that india has one billion individual mobile phone users, however, as many people have more than one connection.   the figures represent a . percent over , the auto club said in a statement.   the film is scheduled to open december . photos: awards-season possibilities "black mass" stars johnny depp, right, as boston gangster whitey bulger.   the film's title: "for the love of spock."   ’ the final play all was a zone read option out of the shotgun, and some — including fox analyst darryl johnson, the former dallas running back — criticized the play for being run out of the shotgun.   the finance ministers will meet again monday.   the financial crisis has undermined the eu’s clout and shown that member states are the ultimate paymasters and therefore ultimate decision makers.   the findings are “a reflection of changes in the overall economy” since the recession, according to demographics experts jeffrey s. passel and d’vera cohn, essentially mirroring rises and declines in the overall u.s. economy.   the fire broke out while construction crews were renovating the building at number road.   the fire department has called in help from six other departments.   the fire was reported by us ecology.   the firm, which employs staff at deeside, has announced job losses across europe.   the first award of the night went to j.k. simmons for best supporting actor for his performance as a domineering jazz teacher in the acclaimed indie "whiplash."   the first-class compartment was occupied by a japanese general and his mistress, who were not about to make way for a british general.   the first deal won't be the last, and toronto has a handful of players who could draw interest beyond those with expiring contracts, including bozak.   the first decomposed body was brought down to a police camp set up at the foot of the mountains where the camps were found on monday evening, an operation that took nearly five hours due to the roughness of the terrain.   the first edition of inspire, which appeared in the summer of , featured an article about making bombs from pressure cookers and gunpowder from fireworks, a bomb-making recipe that appears to have influenced the tsarnaevs.   the first few lines, but after i got into a few lines, i couldn't believe what i was reading."   the first game with a computer calling the plate, but probably not the last it seems like there were no issues to speak of throughout the game, but purist still may balk at such a system being rolled out in the big leagues for a variety of reasons.   the first lady favored strapless evening gowns, scaasi wrote: "i was very pleased that mrs. eisenhower wanted to look so stylish."   the first movement of the "eroica" alone is longer than most complete symphonies written before then.   the first single, "hello," was released october and has been no. on itunes ever since.   the first, the aquaris e. ue from spanish manufacturer bq (below), is a mid- to low-end device that keeps up with the os well enough, but doesn't impress in build quality.   "the first thing that came to my head was like 'oh my sister', like she could be in danger.   the first topic that weighed on the averages on monday was oil, as it threatened to take out the $ level where it has bottomed several times before.   the first was the decision on same-sex marriage (obergefell v. hodges ).   the flag robs people of their dignity.   the flag was flapping, and that makes sense associated press one claim made by apollo conspiracy theorists is that the american flag was seen 'flapping' on the surface of the moon.   the flight, called commercial resupply services (crs-), is the fifth of planned dragon delivery missions by spacex under a $. billion contract with nasa.   the flybridge features captain's chairs, a bar, exercise equipment and sunbeds.   the focus goes beyond brownfields — which are generally polluted commercial or industrial sites — to include empty or dilapidated office buildings, houses and stores.   the fomc opted not to pull the trigger in september based ostensibly on concerns about international developments, but also was up against a market that made it clear it wasn't ready for a move.   the food didn’t suffer, but i missed his exuberance.   the footage shows a young couple — a man in black and a naked woman — apparently having sex in the changing room of a uniqlo store in the capital.   the footprint is gcoe and gcoe respectively for two hours watched on a - or a -inch lcd screen.   the foreign correspondents' club of china said the accusation that gauthier supports terrorism "is a particularly egregious personal and professional affront with no basis in fact."   the former australian open finalist said that he can accept the fact that he will likely not earn a spot in london, although he could well make the trip as a well-paid alternate.   the former conservative-led government accused syriza of fomenting violence against police at past anti-austerity rallies - a charge the leftist party denied.   the former seattle defensive coordinator was introduced as the team’s coach tuesday, a day after he was hired and less than hours after a super bowl loss to new england.   the forms found in the budapest apartment contain names of each building's inhabitants, and whether they are jewish or not, with total numbers of christians and jews marked in the corners.   the foundation asked for back-of-an-envelope calculations for a budget, according to an account published by the university’s press office.   the freckled heirs to timber fortunes.   the freed men had been taken to a safe location, he added.   the french aircraft carrier charles de gaulle steamed from the southern port of toulon on wednesday, heading for the eastern mediterranean to participate in intensified airstrikes against islamic state targets.   the freshman hit a tying with about / minutes remaining thursday night, the final points in regulation before the musketeers went into overtime with no. butler.   the ftc was similarly celebratory in its announcement, saying that google's modifications to adwords and search would "ensure that consumers continue to reap the benefits of competition in the online marketplace."   the fuel stabilization rider is aimed at recovering or refunding the difference between the approved electricity rate and the actual price of fuel.   " the full interview with remini will air friday, oct. at p.m. et on abc.   the fundamental problem in the enterprise community, zachman continued, is "nobody is doing the diagnosis, they're just taking x-rays," he continued.   the fundy gypsum mine announced its permanent closure in november followed a year later by minas basin pulp and power.   the funeral for arsenault is scheduled to take place thursday morning at st. simon and st. jude church in tignish.   the furniture and floorcoverings market returned to growth in and will gain greater momentum in , when sales grow by .%.   the future of skype for windows could be deep integration strangely, microsoft's plans to create a single skype app for windows don't involve universal apps just yet.   the game is scheduled for a p.m. ct kickoff on espn with brad nessler and todd blackledge manning the booth and holly rowe working the sidelines for the broadcast.   the game is well and truly afoot.   the game originates from author aa milne's winnie the pooh novel, the house at pooh corner.   the gang members only managed to steal a watch but eventually drove off in mr treeby’s jaguar.   the gear s is unlike the rest of samsung's smartwatches because it actually looks like a watch that i'd want to wear every day.   the german federal government announced on thursday that its anti-semitism committee would be adding two jewish members to its ranks, following criticism for not having done so at its inception.   the german had started on pole but hamilton took the lead at the first corner.   the gif and soundboard sections are robust, and gifs are auto-copied to your clipboard for pasting into your message app of choice.   the girl’s mother has been charged with negligence.   the girl's mother, who was in the home and in medical distress when the officers arrived, has been taken to hospital.   "the girls played hard.   the girl was allegedly raped and impregnated by her stepfather when she was . the stepfather has been arrested and is awaiting trial.   the girl whose rape changed a country the girl whose rape changed a country : theirs is the story of parents fighting for their daughter who was gruesomely wronged.   the glastonbury festival, held on a dairy farm in southwest england, attracts a diverse mix of artists, speakers and performers, and retains many echoes of the hippy counter-culture movement that inspired its beginnings in the s.   the global body originally meant to release its findings in march on atrocities committed by both government and "tamil tiger" rebels, but agreed to hold off for six months to let a new government look into why suspects had not been prosecuted.   the gm-saic partnership went global in when china’s biggest carmaker became a -percent partner, but saic nearly reversed that investment in by cutting its stake to percent after the joint venture struggled.   "the goal at the leadership level is to dial up the numbers, so women and people of color can see their presence affirmed at the top of the house," houston said.   the "goal," said mayor stephanie rawlings-blake "has always been to not have the curfew in place a single day longer than was necessary."   the golf course had been closed for nearly two years.   the good news is that we’re not crazy.   the goods are generally described as household goods/business related items, unless otherwise noted.   the gothams aren't a regular predictor of oscar winners, though its top film last year — alejandro gonzalez inarritu's birdman (or the unexpected virtue of ignorance) — went on to win best picture at the academy awards.   the government admits ignorance and is studying to learn more about why some people don't pay their loans.   the government has said nuclear power must resume to cut both import bills and growing co emissions.   the government is working on rules for drones that weigh less than pounds.   the government of singapore is renowned for its commitment to forward-planning as this has ensured the city-state is prepared for its growing number of residents.   the government refused to issue visas.   the government’s action lacks moral persuasion.   the government says panic-buying driven by unfounded rumors of chaos, price-gouging and hoarding by unscrupulous store owners, and media exaggeration of shortages, are behind chaotic scenes at supermarkets and pharmacies around the nation.   the government says the new legislation will improve public security and protect rights and freedoms.   the government's critics say france should be working with moscow, tehran and damascus for a political compromise.   "the governor has been clear that he is never disconnected from doing his job as governor."   the governor's general counsel, jason barclay, released a statement monday listing four problems in the quinn process that had created "a risk of substantial and costly litigation" to the state.   the governors of south sudan's ten states have also called in a joint statement for peace talks to be suspended "until the two rebel factions sort out their differences."   the grammy-winning south african ensemble sings its holiday program that blends african gospel, spirituals, reggae and pop music.   the greater the distance, the lower the car's drag coefficient.   the greatest documentary i've ever seen."   "the great yemeni people will never surrender and never be subjugated," al-houthi said.   the greek finance ministry said dijsselbloem's visit will effectively mark the start of negotiations with creditors.   the grim discoveries are shedding new light on the hidden network of jungle camps run by traffickers, who have for years held countless desperate people captive while extorting ransoms from their families.   the group also helps people pay utility bills.   the group also made a point of clarifying that, contrary to some reports, it hadn't "hacked" trump's website in a malicious way.   the group had identified the suicide bomber as elif sultan kalsen.   the group has been organizing the dresden marches.   the group has in the past stepped up attacks during the muslim fasting month of ramadan, which began on wednesday.   the group in recent years had exerted dominance only in a corner of northeast nigeria, but the conflict of late has been taking on a broader regional context.   the group is also generating millions of dollars a week from the sale of stolen oil from oilfields and makeshift refineries in territory it controls.   the group of nine journalists from the nominally communist and notably censored island had crossed the straits of florida to cover talks aimed at reestablishing diplomatic ties.   the group said it had recorded the deaths of an additional people whose identities could not be established.   the group said it received more than submissions.   the group sang "amazing grace" and shared their experiences of the young patrolman, who was said to enjoy policing so much he hated taking a day off.   the group’s plans include developing cheaper smartphones and tools that would reduce the amount of data required to run apps, as well as working with telecommunications companies to provide basic, free internet services.   the group, which has vowed to only consume liquids for nourishment, says that delays and cancellations of meetings by officials drove them to their hunger strike.   the growth was fueled by record fourth quarter sales of iphone®, the expanded availability of apple watch®, and all-time records for mac® sales and revenue from services.   the gti supersport vision gran turismo offers up more than horsepower in a hunkered-down, all-wheel-drive, two-door hatch that's slightly faster than its real-world inspiration.   the guardian didn't publish the documents cited in the report, and it's unclear whether apple directly said it's building a self-driving electric car.   the guardian says david cameron is to ask president obama to pressurise us internet giants to do more to help british intelligence fight extremists.   the guide tried to rescue the dog, clubbing the bear with his rifle.   the habs dominated wednesday night, so much that the lightning felt they stole one.   the hague-based eu policing agency, europol, said on wednesday that up to law enforcement officers arrested people suspected of "large-scale irregular migrant smuggling" from kosovo into the eu.   the hague, netherlands (ap) — international criminal court judges have agreed to put ivory coast's former president on trial together with a former youth leader on charges of involvement in deadly violence that erupted after elections.   the half-century anniversary comes at a time when the voting rights act has been weakened by the supreme court’s shelby county decision, in , which invalidated a central section of the law.   the hang seng index added . percent in hong kong.   the harris county medical examiner's office ruled that bland's death was a suicide, but her family and friends don't believe it.   the haze extends at least miles ( km) off the surface.   the head of critical care at uch, dr john goldstone, says the doctors had to deal with all kinds of unusual visitors.   the healing job market also has americans getting out of their own dining rooms more, which has been a boon for restaurants that had suffered in the wake of the recessions as people watched every dime.   the health risks of small apartments this article was originally published on the atlantic.   the hearing began thursday at fort sam houston in san antonio, where bergdahl has been stationed since returning to the u.s. last year.   the heaviest of the three and already hypertensive, carla noted during our interview her profound disconnect with her body, only acknowledging its presence when she forced herself to look into mirror.   the high court had not ruled on the state's request within hours of the opening of courthouses monday.   the high levels of the bacteria were detected on wednesday morning in each of the three sites' cooling towers.   the hitmen included members of odesa communist party, sbu says.   the hodzics are scheduled to appear in federal court in st. louis wednesday.   the homeowner said it happened sunday afternoon and the box contained vacuum supplies being delivered from amazon.com. she added the box was dented but there was no damage to the items inside.   the homeowner told wlwt news that he would be staying with nearby family.   the hope is to create a "truly global network of free wi-fi preventing skin cancer."   the hopes to bring the country back to normalcy waned a month ago after riek machar’s delegation failed to turn-up for peace negotiations.   the hospital questioned the accuracy of nelson's recollection of events, but the judge found she never complained of hip pain prior to childbirth.   the host environment, the planetary biosphere that supports all life as we know it, is accelerating toward collapse and a mass extinction scenario.   the housing corporation says a team will be formed to make sure the plan comes to life and that stakeholders on that team can hold the corporation to account.   the houston-based company said it would cut capital spending to $ billion from $. billion, and also lowered its forecast for operating expenses.   the hubbard family has been supportive of republican candidates and conservative causes in the past.   the huffpost/yougov poll consisted of , completed interviews conducted june - among u.s. adults using a sample selected from yougov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult u.s. population.   the hull sunk below the water sunday and the -meter (-feet) vessel was no longer visible, the maritime and coastguard agency said sunday.   "the human rights of women and girls are violated on a daily basis because of a constitution that treats them like child-bearing vessels," said the group's secretary general, salil shetty.   the huskers get quarterback tommy armstrong back from injury this week, along with a couple of key defensive backs.   the huskies went the other way, greeting a pack of husky fans in the southeast corner of the stadium, soaking up uw’s first road victory over a ranked opponent since beating usc here in .   the iaaf and wada were already investigating accusations made in two previous ard documentaries of alleged systematic doping and cover-ups in russia.   the iaaf council is also discussing possible steps for the russian federation and its anti-doping authorities to take in order to be eligible for next year's olympic games in rio de janeiro.   the icecaps hit the ice again tuesday against the binghamton senators.   the icij said the files show "hsbc profited from doing business with arms dealers..   the idea is for norway and germany to share electricity generated by the two nations' wind farms.   the idea is most popular among working-class voters who feel pessimistic about the economy, republican pollster kellyanne conway said.   the idea is one quick glance will help you boost your workout.   “the ideal turnover should be about nt$ billion each day, which was the average recorded in july and august,” he said.   the idea of bringing extinct animals back to life continues to reside in the realm of science fiction.   " the idea of tolling all of metro vancouver's bridges has been proposed in the past, as one of a range of possible solutions to deal with congestion and funding issues.   the idea of vaccines causing autism is not simply the provenance of parents looking for answers to what happened to their children.   the idea was to promote altruistic donation.   the illinois department of commerce and economic opportunity oversees the programs.   the illinois republican allegedly paid close to $ million to an individual to conceal past misconduct.   the image combines -second exposures a nasa spacecraft's path to pluto looks smooth and safe, at least for now.   the imf said in its latest review of cyprus' bailout program that more business from other european union countries will offset weaker demand from crisis-ridden greece and russia.   the implication that i may not have a grasp of my own sexual orientation is insulting.   the incident exposes inadequacies in the nation’s social welfare system, critics said, adding that it also highlights the lack of health workers to provide counseling for suicide prevention.   the incident heightened concerns among journalists about their safety.   the incident occurred in december as the -year-old woman, a finance executive, was returning to her home in the suburbs of new delhi one evening.   the incident sparked a public backlash, and she settled a lawsuit for $,.   the incident took place in farming country near the towns of mesa cuata and el terrero, about a -mile (-kilometer) drive from the city of queretaro.   the inclusion of blumenfield and neuville has changed the dynamic of the final table, too, he said.   the income access software has received consistently strong industry recognition, including winning the egaming review bb award for best affiliate software multiple times.   the incredible collection will also be on view to the public before it goes up for sale.   the index tracks activity in china's factories and workshops and is regarded as a barometer of the health of the asian economic giant.   the indictments came after prosecutors presented evidence to a grand jury for two weeks, baltimore city state's attorney marilyn mosby said.   the indoor cat, mel, escaped from a downtown apartment window in july.   the industry contributed percent of total government tax receipts, the city of london corporation and pricewaterhousecoopers said in a report published yesterday.   the initial test results of the robot's performance are published in iop publishing's journal bioinspiration & biomimetics, released tuesday.   the inquirer's craig laban describes it more aptly as a "moody gastropub for the tattooed gringo crowd.") the goat burritos are $.   the inquiry has engulfed brazil's political and business establishment amid allegations of a massive kickbacks scheme.   the inspection had turned up lead paint, deemed unsafe for children under . it would take $, to fix.   the institute of chartered accountants of alberta (icaa), for example, serves mostly the elderly, sending its volunteers into seniors and long-term care homes.   the insurer earlier this year challenged the decision to designate it as systemically important and subject to tighter scrutiny.   the integration provides firstlab clients with the following benefits: - pre-order drug or alcohol tests via the innovative firstrequest test ordering system.   the interlocutors exchanged views on present-day international issues, and on worrisome events occurring in the world - new conflicts, increasing terrorism and extremism, the growing tensions in the near and middle east.   the international atomic energy agency (iaea), the united nations nuclear watchdog, is investigating whether iran's nuclear program ever had a military application.   the international women's club's (iwc) co-chair in charge of charities, katalin dióssi, says the fund raising committee has had to work harder to come in on target.   the internet was surprised in the report's findings and in ling's q&a.   the investigation into the cause is still ongoing.   the iot device consists of three sensors, which are placed on each ankle and at the back of the neck, and work together to acquire data on a person's walking patterns.   the ipo was priced at $ and the shares rocketed to $ in november.   their announcement was followed by some of the city's most influential developers also coming out in favour of the tear-down option.   "their appearances also match the description of the unknown assailants who shot hoshi kunio dead."   the iraqi kurds, who are vital to american plans for a stable iraq, see muslim's group as a potential threat.   the iraq war has haunted the gop in the last two presidential elections and created major headaches for the former florida governor.   their blue porsche turned up in suburban maryland.   their comments have since been widely ridiculed and criticized as a “great chinese superiority complex,” and as examples of explicit racism for deeming other cultures to be less sophisticated and less worthy of respect.   their data shows in the year -', some percent of vehicles did not renew at all.   their efforts were rewarded with the discovery of a column capital, among others.   their egos won't let them admit that the thing must..   their family home is a few meters from the corrugated-iron shed that became macfarlane-barrow’s charity headquarters.   their game plan long before she declared her candidacy was quite simply to shovel out every tidbit of old and new dirt it could dredge up against her to torpedo her candidacy.   their lawyer, fernando chavez, said a collision with the jeep's plastic gas tank behind the rear axle caused it to burst into flames.   their letter to is leader abu bakr al-baghdadi follows reports that several afghan groups have switched sides.   their midlands plant is one of the biggest aluminium body shops in the world, he says.   their minds move quickly and they're often bored.   their narcolepsy drug, xyrem, is the company's biggest asset and has been in a class of its own for the last years.   their quarterly dividend payments go to the treasury but do not reduce the principal of their loans from the government.   their reputation for being slow starters from the kick-off has led to suggestions they are emotionally drained from performing the iconic haka, a traditional war dance once performed by the indigenous maori before battle.   theirs is a voice that must be heard – and taken very seriously.   the irving-owned company owns the three english-language daily newspapers, along with other weekly newspapers around the province.   the is-affiliated aamaq news agency released a video of what it said was the effects of shelling saturday by a u.s. drone on raqqa.   the islamic state group currently holds territory in about a third of iraq and syria and has established a self-described "caliphate."   the isotopic ratios suggest that major rapid changes in ecosystem productivity and atmospheric co levels took place during the triassic period.   the issue of how to handle campus extremism is nothing new to universities and academics.   "the issues involving an unborn child are complicated under colorado law," he said.   the italian coastguard announced saturday that more than , people had been rescued off libya's coast in a single day.   the italian passed pedrosa on five occasions, but each time the spaniard was able to respond immediately to prevent rossi picking up an vital extra four points in the title race.   the italians will say that the american gets away with murder and it won't be the first time."   the ivorian himself converted from the spot.   the january freedom spill spurred a tap-water ban for , people for days.   the japanese maker of the drug announced in october it had , courses of treatment in stock.   the jeb bush super pac right to rise sent a mailer to more than , iowa voters, but something is a bit off in the photo of the group's favorite presidential nominee.   the jenkins case, by far the biggest threat to the status quo, aims to strike down any compensation limits for players and let a competitive market emerge.   the jetty weighs a little below lbs. and has a range of - miles with speeds up to mph.   the journal describes the rebound as the most significant comeback of any fish stock worldwide, with a biomass that has increased from tens of thousands of tonnes to more than , tonnes within the last decade.   the journalists were also accused of working without valid media accreditation.   the judge said phillipos was to blame for a "substantial diversion" of law enforcement resources.   the judge said she accepted that at the time he didn’t know he was infected with the virus but added: “but that was the consequences of your actions.”   the judge said the moratorium had been lifted because the government had not followed correct legal procedures and had not consulted the public.   the jump in the human population and more crowded oceans is one, he said, a factor also cited by scientists in explaining the attacks of the carolinas.   the junior tried to return later in the quarter, but came off again to be attended to by the trainer.   the jury is hearing evidence for a second day in a trial that is scheduled to last five weeks.   the jury's guilty verdicts can be stayed if the judge finds entrapment or other abuses of process.   “the just-for-men party does not mean you discriminate against women.   the kenyan actress had worn the dress adorned with , pearls to sunday's academy awards in one of the most commented looks of the night.   the key thing to realize is that this makes the question an intra-elite fight.   "the key to avoid this huge wave of deaths is cessation, and if you are a young man, don't start," said co-author richard peto, from the university of oxford.   the kids name-check other time-travel movies, especially “looper,” and one wants to venture really far into the past, you know: “dinosaurs.   the killing was unsolved until earlier this month when rival gang member jimmy melvin jr. was charged with his homicide.   the kind of meaningful motivation that comes in very handy on those days when bikini-body and flat-abs promises seem to have lost their luster, and the appeal of eating caramel corn in front of the television seems especially strong.   the kmt’s view, as ma insisted in his second inaugural address in , is that the roc’s sovereign territory also includes “the mainland,” but the roc governs only taiwan, penghu, kinmen and matsu.   the knights templar drug organization has operated for years in michoacan, in central-western mexico.   the knox-sollecito retrial photos appeals court judge alessandro nencini, center, reads the verdict in the death of british student meredith kercher in florence, italy, on thursday, january , .   the kremlin said the four leaders who negotiated the truce would continue to speak by phone.   the kremlin says the syrian people, and not external powers, should decide assad's political fate.   the labor department said on tuesday its consumer price index increased . percent last month after declining . percent in january.   "the lack of liquidity is neither the choice nor the responsibility of the greek government," he said.   the lady cougars will resume regular season play beginning at p.m. jan. when they visit bic for a key a- conference matchup.   "the large majority of canadians will indicate that the harms far outweigh the benefits and they're not in favour of further expansion," he says.   the largest number of those were in new york.   the lariat is even more indulgent with -inch wheels, body colored door handles, foglights, rear parking sensors, remote start, a power sliding rear window with defrost, dual automatic climate control, and leather upholstery.   the last chance belonged to stegmaier, whose putt down the slope from the fringe stopped a few inches short.   the last one was "problematic" enough.   the las vegas-based airline had gone to court to block the strike, which would have grounded flights and affected , customers.   the latest quake and the heavy waves that followed caused flooding in coastal towns and knocked out power in the worst hit areas of central chile, although most buildings, roads and ports held up well.   the latest social media campaign is trying to combine all these efforts.   the latest to die, cam’ron matthews, told teammates he felt dizzy, then suffered a seizure.   the laughs never stopped when the hands-down hilarious lisa kudrow joined huffpost live to gab about the new season of "the comeback" on nov. , .   the lawsuit claimed modi, a hindu nationalist, did nothing to halt riots in his home state of gujarat in which more than , people died in reprisals after a train carrying hindu pilgrims was set on fire.   the lead - and the win and thus the title - was hamilton's.   the leader of the pro-independence party said that a "witch hunt" was underway.   the league's most colorful player, ibrahimovic has endured a difficult season marred by injuries and controversy off the pitch.   “the leap into home ownership is becoming more difficult, and those that have purchased condos as starter homes will face limited flexibility in moving up given rising housing costs,” the report reads.   the leftist government staged the referendum in order to give it a stronger hand in negotiating with its creditors.   the legislation would encourage private companies to voluntarily share information about cyberattacks with the federal government, so public officials could learn in an effort to prevent government data breaches.   “the legislature should serve as a voice of the people, rather than a tool that can be monopolized by political parties and deep-pocketed corporations.”   the letter is addressed to anne wallace, secretary for ance, which would have a say in what retail could go into the former payless.   "the light is what makes these place so mysterious and gives them a particular feel," he says.   the liquidity crunch has even affected the property market, with most flat dwellers deserting flats for cheaper accommodation, whilst many offices have been left derelict due to exorbitant rentals.   the liscc also oversees the financial firms the fed believes would pose the biggest risks to financial stability if they failed.   the list of officials banned from entering the us has been extended, and now includes family members.   the lists include the names of the people in the positions.   the little drone is making some big promises, so the idea of "buyer beware" particularly applies here.   the lives that are risked and the lives that are lost in the last hours here..   the lock is once again on a gate at the end of a popular walkway leading to brown's court in charlottetown.   the london fire brigade responded to the minor incident, and no injuries or damage were reported.   the "lone wolf" provision, meanwhile, enables fbi surveillance of a non-u.   the long delayed bailout payments would be made.   the longer reach of the latter permitted standing at one end of a baffle and casting to the other end -- either upstream or down -- without any problem, tangling enough lines to cause quite a fuss.   the long-term savings and increased energy efficiency have not been sufficient to counteract these cost concerns.   the long-term trend is for productivity to rise.   the long-time portugal clay showcase event has been completely restructured under new tournament management and moved to a small club location in the seaside town.   the lost and found racer that beat ferrari photos the less than glamorous interior offers the basic functions required for a racing prototype.   the lra also listed robbery prevention tips on its website this week.   the lucky nine, who are all from the u.k., were voted by the public into the penultimate round of the virgin media business "pitch to rich" contest.   the main challenge once migrants are taken in is successfully integrating them (as opposed to just absorption).   "the main goal right now is to get him stable and then to be able to transport him to new york.   the main race was won for a record th time by porsche — its first victory since .   "the main thing is that not only are we looking to keep our services public, but we're also looking to improve our services," said phillips.   "the main warning for michael kors is one we have seen before: luxury brands that enjoy meteoric rises can also suffer from overexposure."   the malaysian government has ruled the incident an accident, though not all the victims' families have accepted this conclusion.   the male animal was brought in earlier in on thursday and was immediately treated, but "unfortunately, it passed away in the early morning hours," a spokesperson with the park told the l.a. times.   the man appears to have a distinctive gait when he walks, police said.   the man on top of the boat got the attention of people in the community and someone came out and rescued him.   the manufacturers are mainly to blame.   the man who turned on fifa the man who turned on fifa : big mistake: four defense department workers in the united states and up to overseas are in post-exposure treatment after the u.s. military inadvertently shipped live anthrax samples recently.   the map was part of an nsa briefing prepared by the nsa threat operations center (ntoc) in february , an intelligence source told nbc news.   the mariner high school sophomore faced a juvenile judge on monday.   the market opened just after midnight eastern time yesterday and the lakers wasted no time talking to their top target, tweeting that general manager mitch kupchak was walking into a meeting with aldridge.   "the marketplace that we have now has really become dominated by these very loud voices on the left and on the right of any given issue, and the truth is, like you said, most of us are somewhere in the middle."   the massachusetts bay transportation authority, the boston area's transit system, experienced massive delays and at times was forced to shut down completely.   the mass itself was a vibrant tableau of brilliant gold, green and white in the slanted evening sunlight of a mild early-autumn day.   the massive spill occurred on aug. when a government cleanup crew doing excavation work triggered the release of an estimated million gallons of sludge that fouled hundreds of miles of rivers in colorado, new mexico and utah.   the match ended -.   the matchmaker site likes to take things offline too by offering local meetup events for its users.   the math appears straightforward enough, but is it actually true?   the matter is not over.   the maud was built for amundsen in anticipation of his second expedition to the arctic, and was launched in .   the mayor: only now will we see what this government is capable of.   the meal plan busts the myth that vegans struggle to get enough protein in their diets.   the measure requires president obama to prepare several detailed reports for congress on issues ranging from iran's ballistic missile program to its support for terrorism, especially anything threatening americans.   the measures are producing a lopsided recovery, with some stocks faring better than others.   the medical examiner identified the victim as greg maneja, of kapolei.   the meeting took place on saturday, castro wrote in an article about the visit that appeared in official media on monday, accompanied by photos of the get-together.   the meeting wednesday "was all about pulling the community together," boston police commissioner william evans said.   the memo recommends that each agency prepare a "payroll report using the normal figures," copy and save it, and then create a second payroll "needed to reduce the gross pay" and enter a zero in a category reserved for fair share amounts.   the men drove up to the culwell event center in north garland, got out of their car and began shooting just as the "muhammad art exhibit and cartoon contest" inside was coming to an end, garland police spokesman joe harn said.   the men were kidnapped sept. in the sadr city neighborhood of eastern baghdad, according to the iraqi interior ministry.   the message also mentioned operations in the th, th and th arrondissements -- but there was no attack in the th arrondissement, where abdeslam is thought to have parked the clio.   the metro transit agency's interim general manager jack requa said thursday after an agency safety board meeting that the district of columbia's fire department did not alert his agency before making changes to its radio system.   the militants have repeatedly promoted videos using high-level production techniques to celebrate their brutality.   the militants would say that that many people are neede for reinforcement.   the military boost was also motivated by threats from extreme islamist militants in the middle east and north africa.   the military doctors work miracles," he said, speaking at the hmeimim base.   the military's casualty toll could be higher, however, since the attackers also seized two armored vehicles at the checkpoint, possibly taking hostage an unknown number of soldiers inside the vehicles.   the millennium plaza sculpture would stay where it is.   the minimum wage for adults aged and over currently stands at £. per hour although the three major westminster parties have all said they want to raise it.   the minimum wage is intended to boost pay for the lowest-skilled workers, and studies show it usually accomplishes that goal.   the minister lamented the fact that the lottery scam is doing considerable harm to jamaica's reputation, given the coverage of victims in the international media.   the minister: no, politics also conveys this image and in that sense we're all guilty.   the minor hockey association is also impacted by the arena closure, as a tournament is slated to start next friday.   the minsk deal managed to contain some of the clashes but daily exchanges of fire still flare.   the minsk summit agreement offered hope for eastern ukraine, german chancellor angela merkel's spokesman said.   the minutemen's first touchdown came on jacob white's -yard run, capping off a lengthy, -play drive that covered yards and chewed up over six minutes.   the missing workers were in a lifeboat that fell into stormy seas, according to a joint statement issued late saturday by socar, the country's emergency services and the prosecutor general's office.   the mission societies just launched a new mobile app, missio, to help users explore worthy causes and donate to specific projects.   the missions of china and north korea have so far not responded to requests for comment on the planned meeting.   the moderators, fox news' bret baier, megyn kelly and chris wallace, face a number of challenges in dealing with trump, a master at both self-promotion and message control.   the moggie has many followers on instagram, and landed a t-shirt deal with clothing retailer the mountain.   the molecule is also the only spot where curious passersby can sneak a peek.   the money from social security has been spent, but social security holds treasury bonds worth $. trillion, backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government.   the money spent on what were billed as upgrades would buy several luxury homes in johannesburg or cape town.   the moon will be per cent visible and should provide some illuminations.   the moon will be just degrees above the eastern horizon at the instant of the greatest eclipse.   the most commonly occurring cancers among indigenous men, irrespective of jurisdiction, were lung, prostate, and colorectal cancer.   “the most important part is that both countries agree to properly handle these disagreements and frictions through discussion on the basis of equality and mutual benefit,” she said.   the mother called police shortly after hearing the amber alert had been issued, fort saskatchewan rcmp said.   "the motivation for the film was really to tell the story of what happened, what was the motivation and why he took the risks that he took," poitras said.   the moto jacket is also at long last starting to transition out.   the move is designed to unlock another bailout installment.   the move is the first step toward bringing a formal case against china.   the move paves the wave for the recognition of gay marriages in puerto rico, and was welcomed by gay singing star ricky martin, who is beloved in his native puerto rico.   the moves came one day after european central bank (ecb) president mario draghi said policymakers might continue their quantitative easing program until september next year or beyond if economic weakness persists.   the move was prompted by a protest in houston criticizing the supermarket chain for selling food that exploited the work of low-paid prisoners in prison work programs.   the movie's first trailer has snagged nearly . million views since posting on youtube in june.   the movie’s towering budget was so large it required two major studios — warner bros. and twentieth century fox — to fund it in hollywood’s first such joint venture.   the much reduced sculpting of the front end shows a classic porsche sweepback, and it relates the concept car to the spyder and porsche race cars.   the mug, through triple insulated walls, remains cool to the touch and the coffee hot for hours.   the mum, who wished to remain anonymous, was with her -year-old daughter and her friend, when they saw the nudist on the ramblers path between the quay and sandwich bay.   the muscle matrix is a easy to follow workout program, but it does require commitment as it will only work if you put in the time and the effort.   the museum's exhibits reportedly show proof that dinosaurs and humans lived together.   "then all of a sudden two weeks in, she just started making noises," says her mother kristin.   then a man walks up with a small fire extinguisher.   the name is derived from an indigenous word that means "white fella."   the name means "bullfighter" in spanish, and it's inspired by the band's main singer, eleanor bull, a toronto dancer.   the name of the official, who will be subject to an asset freeze and ban on traveling to the eu, will not be made public until details of the sanctions are published in the eu's official journal on friday.   the name of the street is actually denny way.   the narrative of a "holy war" against the infidels is strong in radical islamic circles.   the national federation of independent business, which represents small businesses, opposes the president's effort.   the national hurricane center made the announcement monday.   the national police agency says they have had an emergency meeting to discuss how to handle the crisis, and police nationwide are on alert.   the national weather service says the river had exceeded a flood stage of feet to . feet by a.m. saturday.   the nationwide outrage centered on the use of force by law enforcement and the state of race relations in the united states.   the nature conservancy received one of the grants.   the navy had planned to replace both ships, but the conservative government pulled the plug in august because industry proposals were proving too costly.   the ncaa prohibits players, coaches, umpires, athletic trainers and managers from using tobacco at game sites.   then came a membership to wbez, chicago's npr station, and a one-week paid vacation for workers at cah's chinese printing partner.   "the nccm is not going to submit to a litmus test of loyalty used against canadian muslims and their institutions… which underlie such offensive questions."   then comes the chorus: "we were rory and the hurricanes."   the ndp is expected to place more emphasis on alberta's climate change policies in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.   the ndp’s forerunner, the co-operative commonwealth federation, dedicated itself to eradicating capitalism when it was founded in .   the ndp want to keep the universal child care benefit, but eventually spend $ billion a year for a universal daycare system.   the new $-million dump, slated to open this fall, will be co-financed by the hamlet and the federal government through its building canada fund.   the new a xwb also has better air than other planes.   the new bomber is a high air force priority because the oldest ones in its fleet — the venerable b-s — have far outlived their expected service life and even the newest — the b- stealth bombers — having been flying for more than two decades.   the new e-strap is a bracelet attached to traditional montblanc watches.   the newest russian attacks follow i..   the new fare proposals come as the city begins the process of shaping its operating and capital budgets for the year.   the new guidelines are intended only for acute care hospitals and ambulatory care facilities, and not for assisted living facilities or nursing homes.   the new mental health act will replace the existing, outdated legislation, but it won't come into effect for about a year.   the new movie, directed by paul feig, stars kristen wiig, melissa mccarthy, leslie jones, kate mckinnon and chris hemsworth.   the new results show that children with asthma may benefit from testing for peanut sensitivity, the researchers said.   the new season of empire, which he created with danny strong, starts wednesday.   the news lifted shares of wind stocks like nextera energy, broadwind and ormat technologies.   the news of the former president's planned stops prompted a late-night tweet from trump on monday.   the new sorghum bioenergy belt will span east texas, the mississippi valley, the gulf coast and the southern atlantic coast.   the news was first reported by bloomberg.   the new york company said monday that it is starting an immediate search for a successor.   the next round of images from nasa's new horizons mission to pluto and its moons will be unveiled during a news briefing at p.m. et wednesday.   the next step, watkins said, is to meet with his bosses at the fish plant and the union.   "the next thing i remember was coming to on his couch while being undressed," tarshis wrote.   then fund an ira, where you can choose which bond funds or foreign funds to go with.   then had all these crazy voodoo things around my crib, goes to show you how crazy people are crazy!" he wrote.   then he came out, first to his friends and later to his family.   then his parents, his half sister and other congregants delivered a beating that racked his whole body, until he was taken to another room with earplugs and earmuffs to keep him from hearing what was going on around him, he said.   then i'll take even more confidence into next week.   then in , the u.s. supreme court in district of columbia v. heller struck a blow against gun control laws, holding that americans have a second amendment “right to keep and bear arms.”   the nine-member board is expected to approve the rule change.   then last year, paypal temporarily froze donations to protonmail, a startup that sought to create a secure, private email service in the wake of the nsa domestic surveillance scandal.   the no. -ranked djokovic, meanwhile, is a perfect -for- in australian open finals.   then, one day this spring, i was shown a copy of a letter from goldman sachs.   then on wednesday, he's lined up to be the keynote speaker at the national hispanic christian leadership conference's annual convention, which was to also feature an appearance by former arkansas gov. mike huckabee.   the northwest territories has the highest minimum wage at $. an hour, while british columbia's $. is second-lowest.   then, that she's nice to have there," said super pac donor phil lebherz, an ally from california.   then, the arriving patient could be isolated and receiving staff could wear protective gowns and gloves to prevent spread of infection.   then, the black curtain dropped and the toys were revealed.   then, the company that operated the lottery — alpc housing solutions — decided to sue the shelter, accusing it of failing to pay $,. in management fees that alpc housing solutions said was owed under a contract signed with bryony house.   then, the researchers again evaluated the people's views on vaccination and their intentions to vaccinate their children in the future.   "then there's the fact that relying on alcohol to help you sleep can lead to problems down the road.   then there's the marathons across the sahara, gobi, atacama, and antarctica deserts; winning all four as part of the deserts race in .   then they went across campus with them, shooting non-muslims and sparing muslims, a witness said.   the ntsb is reviewing records on maintenance and previous events with smoke, employee training records and metro's emergency response and evacuation plans.   the ntsb is waiting for more specific information on when and where the plane's engines will be brought to be examined before it dispatches a team, the source said.   then, tuesday finally came.   the number of bedrooms, in particular, is a key factor in selecting comparable sales.   the number of products on the list, which covers regular spending by central ministries, jumped by more than , in two years to just under ,, but the increase is almost entirely due to local makers.   the number of sales in ocean city and west ocean city totaled in the first half of , up percent over the same time last year, according to data from remax premier properties agent nicholas bobenko, an ocean city native.   the number of women living with ufi is unknown, but experts estimate it affects thousands of women of childbearing age, according to the cleveland clinic.   the numbers help explain why experian found an all-time high of . percent of new vehicles financed in the first quarter were leased.   the numbness with which he described traumatic experiences made him appear as if he were bored by the memories.   then what dhs operations would take a hit?   then write us a short note explaining why you flagged it that way.   then you can stop eating as a way of avoiding it.   the obama administration has rejected much of the hawkish advice of its close mideast ally in favor of what u.s. officials say would be an accord that removes the threat of a nuclear-armed iran.   the objective behind the development of a rigorous, transparent architecture is to ensure effective control within caixabi, guaranteed by a compliance system and an adequate corporate governance structure.   the ocean is between and degrees warmer for this time of year due to the same high-pressure system that has the state in its fourth year of drought.   the ocean swim was a big challenge, but i felt so accomplished getting through the mock tri, even though i was completely out of my comfort zone.   the oct. attack was labeled as a racist hate crime with police saying lundin pettersson methodically selected dark-skinned victims at trollhattan's kronan school, where most students are foreign-born.   the odesapride queer culture festival in odesa was scheduled for august -.   the officer told the court friday that subramaniam was honest and precise when he recounted the mission.   the officer was injured.   the official spoke on condition of anonymity because of government rules requiring authorization for comment.   the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the official was not authorized to speak publicly about the case.   the officials said those recommendations had largely been implemented.   the oil giant shell has agreed to a compensation package for the bodo fishing community in ogoniland in nigeria's southern niger delta totaling million pounds ($ million, million euros).   the old building became vacant and with no one maintaining it, it fell into disrepair.   the older poles are being replaced with ones made of galvanized steel and are designed to last up to years.   the old 'governors express' chair lift was destroyed by fire last summer, following a lightning strike.   the “one china, different interpretations” framework leans toward the prc and therein lies the source of ma’s failure.   the one i have found to be the best is voicenote ii.   the onetime macarthur "genius" fellow died in .   the only palestinians were the jews.   the only safe time to climb is overnight, and climbers should summit by dawn.   the only sensible answer to the first question is: “i don’t know.”   the only things that we had to replace ended up being brake lines and a few bits of wiring."   the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.   the opposition has few chances of uniting and forming a government.   the opposition national league for democracy of aung san suu kyi, nobel laureate and myanmar's icon of political freedom, demanded an inquiry.   the opposition parties called for community and social services minister helena jaczek to resign over what they call the sams debacle.   the ordinance would not include the sale of hard liquor, just beer and wine.   the organization also has a -hour hotline available.   the organization helps both cats and dogs.   the organizers found the overall pace of life in taichung to be slow and leisurely, while it incorporates a highly international outlook.   the other candidates are bishop ian douglas of the diocese of connecticut, bishop dabney smith of the diocese of southwest florida and bishop thomas breidenthal of the diocese of southern ohio.   the other case involved a japanese man who fathered at least babies via thai surrogates.   the other course is longer and more intensive.   the other driver involved did not suffer injuries.   the other five daytonas -- those produced in italy -- are all in the hands of private collectors, with one sold at auction in for $. million.   the other has to do with the reproductive behavior of the particular species of mosquito, culex tarsalis, which carries west nile virus in the western united states.   the other is a wildlife photographer who had just stepped away from his camera.   the other is prince ali bin al hussein of jordan, who unsuccessfully ran against blatter last may.   the other mirrors will be added as they're finished, probably at the rate of one per year or so.   the other question, of course, is whether turkey's participation will turn the tide against isis.   the other three haven't been identified.   the outdoor shows, which will run on july and , will feature monster truck, joel plaskett emergency, the temperance movement and the stanfields on friday night.   the overriding criterion to deviate from this rule would be in the case of a significant adverse external shock that negatively affects the economy by, for example, more than % of gdp.   the p+ group is trying to negotiate a deal with tehran aimed at preventing iran from developing nuclear weapons, in exchange for an easing of punishing economic sanctions.   the painted pool has helped this hotel achieve landmark status, but decades of patronage from the likes of marilyn monroe, charlie chaplin and carole lombard don't hurt either.   the pair dated in , but in , he told buzzfeed that the song was not about him.   the pair put on for the third wicket at bellerive.   the pakistani port city has faced up to to hours a day of power blackouts since saturday, when temperature in the city soared to degrees celsius, residents say.   the palestinian authorities signed up to join the icc this month.   the panel of experts plans to travel to the affected countries in the coming weeks.   the participants were students with disabilities from around the world.   "the parts we need to replace, you can probably count on two or three hands, maybe," said dave bolognino, gm's director of design fabrications operations.   the party had campaigned openly against independence for bangladesh, which was part of pakistan until the war.   "the passengers exited the aircraft on the tarmac via aircraft slides," she said.   the pastor, who was described as a “great” teacher, has been mourned by students and teachers at the seminary where he taught.   the patriots also defended their quarterback, and called the penalty excessive.   the pay gap between mcdonald's ceo steve easterbrook and the chain's burger flippers will look much worse than that between a silicon valley tech ceo and his well-paid programmers.   the payment is the cause of the fifa investigation and scala highlighted how there was no contract and how the sum did not appear in fifa accounts.   the peace offering came after runners vented anger on social media following sunday's standard chartered bangkok half-marathon, which was mistakenly extended by almost kilometers.   the pentagon has said there's no evidence anyone died searching for bergdahl.   "the people arriving are desperate.   the people of rwanda and burundi have close ties, taken turns sheltering in each other’s country when trouble spiked, including during rwanda’s genocide and burundi’s - civil war.   the personal saving rate fell from a revised . percent in the first quarter to . percent in the second.   the person developed symptoms sunday evening and "out of an abundance of caution" was taken to the biocontainment unit at the university of nebraska medical center in omaha.   the person who killed her is still on the loose, according to police.   the photos sent one woman darting from the courtroom.   the photos were all shot at sunset, resulting in a captivating consistency and organic golden glow.   the pickathon brings together a little something for everyone.   the pieces can be screwed together to form machines of various sizes and functionality.   the piggott and rector high school future farmers of america chapters celebrate national ffa week.   "the pitch was definitely slower than we all predicted initially, but with wickets in hand, we could go after them."   the plaintiff had initially asked for , euros in damages.   the plan also aims to replace coal-fired power plants with renewable energy sources like wind and solar.   the plan entails the closure of all of the country's nuclear power plants by and for renewable energies to comprise percent of germany's energy mix by .   the plans and ddot;s presentation to the citizen advisory group can be read here.   the plans for now call for garoppolo to start, with ryan lindley -- signed to a one-year contract on monday -- serving as the primary backup, according to espn.com. meanwhile, mike ditka said brady should not budge on his position of innocence.   the plan would sunset after no more than two years, according to republican congressman dennis ross of florida.   "the players are currently uncontracted, and are under no obligation to participate in any matildas-related activities," vivian said in a statement.   the players are divided into teams of four, and each scores points depending on where their thrown pie hits a member of the opposing team.   the players, who are regular customers — and friends of the owners, richard and allison samanas and aaron and jennifer chesonis — rolled up their sleeves to work the front line.   the police burst in, she said, before she could finish dressing.   the police helicopter was called a -year-old man from strood was arrested at .pm and has been taken into custody.   “the political landscape must clear up,” the energy minister panos skourletis, an ally of tsipras, said on thursday.   the pope had turned away a crush of advocacy groups lobbying to see him and held only a few private meetings, with groups including catholic schools and heads of catholic nonprofits.   the pope said that "the poorest are those who suffer most from such offenses" because "they are cast off by society, forced to live off what is discarded and suffer unjustly from the abuse of the environment."   the pope should be trusted when talking about matters of faith, some critics say, but he's outside of his depth when talking about economics.   the pope's message was a moral one, calling for compassion for poor and vulnerable populations most affected by climate change.   the pope's personal representative sent a letter to georgia's parole board on tuesday making "an urgent appeal" to commute gissendaner's sentence to "one that would better express both justice and mercy."   the possibility of low pressure increasing to cyclone-strength on wednesday has reduced to between and percent, rising to between and percent on thursday or friday, according to the bureau.   the post-position draw is tuesday night, with a large field lining up to challenge the son of pioneerof the nile.   the post seems to be directed at syrians who have already made it to turkey and who have problems with the regime, which makes it difficult for them to receive their paperwork, such as university papers and passports.   "the povs are integral to the show.   the powder testing positive for heroin.   the power to supercharge your is already in your hands!   the power went off just after . and engineers from uk power networks are currently on the scene.   the practice of afterlife matrimony extends back centuries and occasionally happens in poor rural areas where people are superstitious and believe in an afterlife, said xu keqian, a professor of chinese language and culture at nanjing normal university.   the preliminary hearing officer's report will be forwarded to gen. robert abrams, the commanding general of u.s. army forces command in fort bragg, north carolina.   the presidency said pena nieto does not participate in the assigning of public works contracts.   the president also said stability requires democratic governments and that oppressing groups upon sectarian lines fuels the hatred that creates terrorism.   the president responded to mike huckabee's assertion that the iran deal "is marching israelis to the door of the oven," saying that the comments are "ridiculous" and "part of a general pattern that would be considered ridiculous if it weren't so sad."   the president says the mission targeted an al-qaida compound, but the u.s. did not know the hostages were being held there.   the president's day, via the ap: "president barack obama is facing a convention of veterans and taking questions from jon stewart of "the daily show," as concerns run high about iran, veterans' care and a shooting rampage against u.s. marines."   the previously unreported case underlines the weakness of india's unwieldy and poorly resourced drug and food regulatory system, the uncertainty it creates for foreign and domestic companies operating there and the potential risk to consumers.   the price tag per chicken?   the prix fix lunch menu, which includes an appetizer, salad, and choice of main course is only $.; the prix fix dinner is only $., and includes dessert.   the problem for the house republican isn’t just that they now look foolish.   the problem, then, is that the film is completely unable to let the images tell the story.   the procedure is called endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography or ercp.   "the process the icc is conducting in africa has a flaw," ethiopian prime minister hailemariam desalegn told the african union (au) in .   the process to appoint new mayors for these municipalities will be concluded within the next two weeks through the relevant structures,” party provincial secretary nocks seabi said.   "the product mix is drifting away" from the targets of the federal greenhouse gas emissions rules and the california electric vehicle targets, bainwol said.   the profit translates to $. per share, below the consensus forecast of $. per share.   the program is the surest way to stave off homelessness, according to the first large-scale study of the matter released in july by the u.s. department of housing and urban development and vanderbilt university.   the programme, which is assisting government modernise its functions, will help introduce efficiency in the public sector, reducing wage-related expenditure in the process.   the programs begin on tuesday at : pm at the landmark in west l.a. with ava duvernay: the road to selma.   the promise of reducing healthcare costs for the middle class was a lie.   the promise of telemedicine consumers have no patience for inefficiency in other businesses.   the propaganda campaign that isis mustered following the capture of raqqa brought on a wave of foreigners.   the protest received broad backing from women's rights groups, labor and student unions, political parties, and the catholic church.   the protest was prompted by the resignation of ferguson's police chief, the latest official to resign following a scathing federal report accusing ferguson courts and police of racial bias.   the province of manitoba and the manitoba government employees union have now reached a tentative agreement that covers the workers.   the province said it was a top infrastructure priority, but the federal conservatives said it wasn't on a list of infrastructure projects submitted by the province.   the public board transports more than , students each day by bus.   the public can only expect opposition, delay and one red herring after the other and in the end history has proven the fnm wrong on one national issue after the other.   the public is invited.   the public is invited to attend.   the publisher says carter came upon the manuscript at a "secure location where it had been affixed to an original typescript of 'to kill a mockingbird.'   the quartet of loosie's owners haven't put their menu online as of yet, but current dishes speak to summertime palates, like a perfectly serviceable salad of watermelon and golden beet chunks studded with creamy burrata and bits of pecan.   the question now is whether any eu nations will start to deport people aggressively or block their entry outright.   the quests are often brilliantly conceived—among the best i’ve seen in an rpg—folding over one another into a series of choices and consequences.   "the quicker you get back to reality, the faster you solve this problem."   the race took an ugly turn and became quite competitive.   the race -- which watchdogs say was marred by hundreds of incidents of political violence and government misuse of state media -- had been expected to be close, with opinion polls and analysts spoken to by cnn divided on the outcome.   the rain is expected to start late in the morning with some wind and a high of c. "the rain will likely become heavy at times as the low pressure area deepens.   the rams have arguably the least talent in the league along their offensive line and gurley’s durability is in doubt.   the rams lost briante weber, the leader of their "havoc" defensive style, on jan. to a knee injury, and played the last month and a half with scoring leader treveon graham bothered by a high left ankle sprain, sometimes even sidelined.   the rangers put holland in line for a win, however, by breaking a - tie in the fourth inning.   the rapper, who has sparked controversy in the past for remarks that some interpreted as homophobic, told us weekly that he hopes gay consumers will enjoy his new frigo undergarments line.   the rays (-) went consecutive games (and also straight home games) without scoring more than four runs, but they ended those streaks when casali hit a two-run home run in the eighth, his fourth in his past six games.   the rcmp forensic unit is investigating.   the rcmp said the van is a newer model with a large rear antenna that has a flag attached.   the reagan is preparing for a move to japan later this year and the stennis was making a port call after steaming from its homeport of bremerton, washington.   the "real housewives of new jersey" cast member has also been accused of owing state taxes.   the real-life annabelle lives in lorraine and ed warren's occult museum, stored safely inside a glass case with a sign warning visitors to leave the door locked.   there also were no more deaths, the ministry said, leaving the total deaths from the outbreak at . a total of people have been infected, the largest outside saudi arabia, spreading mainly through hospitals.   the real treat for me are the amazing friendships that i have gained from all of this.   "there appears to be more financing coming into the market.   there are acceptable reasons, and they include journalism, visiting relatives or some sort of cultural exchange, such as artist collaborations, education or volunteerism.   "there are about two dozen hotspots in the west bank and east jerusalem, not more than that," the officer said.   "there are a lot of balls in the air right now with the pitching staff," the manager said after sunday's - loss, the reds' third defeat in a row.   there are also plans to tailor it to different markets around the world.   there are areas we've got to attend to if we are genuinely going to be able to embrace the talent."   “there are a whole range of things we can do with it.”   there are certainly very serious and urgent challenges ahead, but also great business opportunities.   there are doubts in the cyber community, however, and north korea has denied any involvement in the breach of tens of thousands of confidential sony emails and business files.   there are, however, limits to the integration of science and, say, alcohol.   “there are jobs.   "there are more haitian doctors in new york state than in the haitian republic," he said.   there are more than three dozen members of our parliament who do not want us to implement j.c.p.o.a. so i think that we’re even.   there are no reports that anyone died aboard the ship, which was crewed entirely by hawaiians.   "there are no signs of foul play."   there are not many things that can get us out of unemployment in the short term besides things like agriculture and the business-processing industry, and we must pay attention to those things which will be able to generate growth.   there are people who have pain, there are people who are hurt, there are people who are frustrated, there are people who are angry," batts said.   there are so few people this crazy that i feel like i know them all by first name.   there are some difficult ethical judgments here.   there are some successful applications of a technology, but there are typically more failures.   "there are sometimes issues with every form of energy and we always send out inspectors," he said.   there are still some tweaks to be made to the gdp system.   there are two ways espn monetizes its cable network: subscriber fees and ad-based revenue.   the reason is simple: when we drafted the arusha peace agreement, we decided to limit the presidency to two terms.   “the reason we are suffering in the last one-and-a-half to two years is because of irrational competition.   the reason why the groups i named are recognized is that they are supported by politicians to keep us divided so that the politicians can have more power.   the reason you want a ferrari or an iphone is because they're highly coveted items.   “the rebels are being trained by russian instructors in city warfare.   the rebels are bringing up reserves," the spokesman said.   the rebels vowed to retaliate.   the red dress movement has been drawing attention to missing and murdered aboriginal women across the country.   there does have to be some compassion and understanding from the people closest to the person going through this process."   there dozens of busses arrive every hour.   "therefore do we fear that the crew were not able to save themselves."   therefore, i will respectfully decline the request to hold hands and sing kumbaya in the form of an all lives matter sign.   therefore the game system has to be dumbed down, because that brings much more money and that has less development cost.   therefore, the harris poll avoids the words "margin of error" as they are misleading.   therefore, these people should avoid close contact with animals, particularly camels, when visiting farms, markets, or barn areas where the virus is known to be potentially circulating.   the refugees' dangerous journey to safe haven the refugees' dangerous journey to safe haven : over the past several decades, states have signed on to both the refugee convention and the protocol.   the regulation itself has remained in effect while the supreme court decides whether it's valid.   there has been a not so subtle shift away from commodity sensitive sectors, a gently falling world gdp, and a stronger u.s. dollar.   there has never been any official explanation of the reasons but press reports at the time said they had been accused of negligence over the incident at bouteflika's residence in which two security guards sparked panic by firing shots.   there hasn't been a lot of videos since then, but there has been some gems, including a rap about fisheye lenses that featured strong bad.   there has to be another way.   there have been no updates on the cause of the blaze.   there have been several years of that.   there have not been any high-profile cases of convicted rapists returning to professional team sports in the united states.   there is also a wide selection of small plates, such as clams casino and seared scallops with foie gras.   there is also the cost of implementing the new bureaucracy, and creating the infrastructure to go with it.   "there is an overwhelming concern for the troops and keeping the country safe."   "there is a possibility that this could kill you, but it is very slight when you compare that to a bullet."   there is literally no evidence for any of these claims.   there is no — as i’ve said earlier, notwithstanding how terrible this is — there is no refugee-based solution alone to that problem.”   "there is no doubt in my mind that clinton will be the nominee," he told afp.   there is no evidence that sharoouf, who slipped out of australia in late using his brother's passport because his own had been cancelled, wanted to return to australia, the newspapers reported.   there is no legal definition of “safe distance” and, as we have seen numerous times, some police believe that a “safe distance” is farther (sometimes several blocks away) from the scene.   there is no official test for whether it will compost in a backyard composter, she said.   "there is no other way to say it.   "there is no question david sweat and richard matt fall into this category," she said thursday.   "there is no question that the market was affected by reviews, which nicked early word of mouth," paramount vice chair rob moore said after its opening weekend.   there is no shade among the dunes, the highest of which rises about feet, and sparse short shrubs are the only vegetation.   "there is nothing i can do to prevent it, nothing.   there is no way for the cbf to take a stance," the confederation said in a statement.   "there is one more competition that i may still go to, the commonwealths in december."   there i was, in an old fashioned maximum security stone prison.   the release of the five taliban has been highly controversial and politically sensitive for the obama administration.   the release of waters also likely speaks to increased confidence in the play of backup qb r.j. archer.   “the relevant ministry must investigate such institutions as they generally have a tendency and potential to spoil the whole national education image through dubious awards.   the religious tour ends on saturday when people will travel to the kaaba, or the house of god in mecca.   the reluctance to criticize clinton reflects her mixed record on climate change.   the remaining percent is for infrastructure projects, he said.   the remains of dozens of women turned up near pacific northwest ravines, rivers, airports and freeways in the s.   there may be better, more efficient styles that you are missing because you have just accepted the norm.   "the reminders are too common."   the report about shots and a possible gunman triggered an hours-long lockdown at the military facility, located just a mile (. km) south of the u.s. capitol.   the report also advises against large-size energy drinks that are popular in the marketplace, and it recommends pregnant women limit caffeine to two cups of coffee a day.   the report also criticized dhs handling of the boston marathon bombing, itself described as a major terrorist attack.   the reporting is routine, my response here at this podium ends up being routine, the conversation in the aftermath of it, we've become numb to this," mr. obama said late thursday.   the reporting party said the males were harassing their customers in an attempt to get a ride to stateline showgirls.   the report said that shanxi had now managed to appoint several senior officials to help plug the gap, noting this was "a major step in rebuilding the province's corruption-plagued officialdom".   the report said the majority of workers interviewed were housed in warehouses and sheds, with makeshift kitchen and laundry facilities, while workers on one farm were living in shelters made from cardboard.   the report says the pilot should have gotten familiar with lines before the flight.   the report's release on wednesday marked switzerland's seventh year on the top of the index.   the representation project is paying close attention to what ads are shown during the super bowl.   "the republic sees itself as an umbrella, above all of that.   the request follows the april death of freddie gray, , who sustained spinal injuries after being arrested.   the request was part of the investigation into the remains of murdered women found on the farm of serial killer robert pickton.   there's a percent chance of rain thursday night.   "there's a certain risk that political ambition trips over bureaucratic complexities," he told me by phone.   there's a few things that play in my favour."   “ … there’s a lot of room to grow.”   there's also a simultaneous campaign running on kickstarter for dog treats called bugbites, which -- you guessed it -- also use cricket flour.   there's also manga from publishers cork and harlequin manga.   there's also some rousing footage of the chicago women's liberation rock band performing onstage at full throttle.   there's also some tie-dye thrown in for good measure.   there's also that really uncomfortable moment on the red carpet when nbc host natalie morales flubs and calls how to get away with murder's viola davis.   there's also the issue of police trawling through the app looking for people to arrest and the fact that cannabis is (for the time being) still a federally prohibited schedule i drug.   "there's also the possibility of the exposure to drugs, prescription drugs or illicit drugs, and those can be very harmful to infants, too," adds keim.   "there's always a problem when you try to put down any group of people," said vivian, a close friend and lieutenant of the rev. martin luther king, jr.   there's always fratelli's italian bistro directly across the street, or heck - any one of the slew of independent italian restaurants within a half-mile, e.g. giorgio on pine, zavino, zio's, or cibo.   there’s a really good chance that he will be back.   the research agency is also looking at other types of space rovers.   the researchers also found that a gene called pcna contains a section of dna that has been duplicated.   the researchers, who published their findings in geophysical research letters, analyzed data going back to .   the researchers would like to see if it is possible to somehow induce appetite in such patients through the mechanism shown in the new study, he said.   there’s more to this story.   "there's no doubt that more (millennials) are likely to graduate with student debt and the amounts that they owe are greater" than other generations, said senior researcher richard fry of the pew research center.   there's no indication toronto's water supply is compromised because of this spill.   there’s no reason we can’t be blown away by big explosions and strong emotional choices, and cruise is more than capable at delivering such a nuanced performance.   there's no sure answer -- yet.   there's not a lot of cash around after a poor potato year, said nieuwhof, so the government aid is welcome.   "there's not a whole lot of whooping and hollering in the locker room because that's not the final one.   “there’s no vacation from vocation” covers the role of god’s will in day-to-day decisions.   "there's obviously very good reason to believe it's going to help her, otherwise we wouldn't be using it at all, but we simply don't have enough information to know that's the case."   there's proto-korean fried chicken, the whole roast chicken (tongdak).   “there’s so many challenging problems, from climate change, aids, cancer, you name it,” etzioni said.   "there's some nastiness, there's some meanness there.   “there’s so much love in this place.”   "there's still a third guy out there," she said.   there’s still some options, but they’re slim.”   the restaurant and tourist information centre was built on top of a foundation that anchored an earlier bridge on the sharp rock face at the reversing falls.   there’s them with access to all the information, details, drawings and so on.   there's this perception that chinese people eat rice, but we saw corn for straight days!   the rest said they would abstain or leave their ballots blank.   the result a healthy shot of gusty rains that will knock many leaves down at peak color, block up some storm drains and make roads slick (from wet leaves).   the result, says the paper, is that funding for transport, police and council services could be cut by more than a third.   the results found that one western state was the most charitable state in , by a long shot, followed by one on the eastern seaboard.   the result was that more banks joined forces and got even bigger.   the retailer abercrombie & fitch plans to discontinue on-call shifts in new york this year, dropping a requirement for employees to remain available in case they're called to work on short notice, the company confirmed thursday, aug. , .   the reticent bull in pamplona, named curioso i, barely ran yards (meters) before heading back.   “the retrial was inevitable given the lack of effort and the anemic response by the canadian government to the mohamed fahmy situation.”   the reverend libby lane is consecrated as the first female bishop in the church of england during a service at york minster in york, northern england january , .   there was a bit of coding in there where he said, "i'm not sure it's compiled correctly."   there was a large bald circle on its back and, in the center of the circle, a wine-colored spot, like a birthmark, fading into softer reds and pinks as it radiated outward.   there was also a feeling of tremendous relief to be done talking about this.   "there was an incident outside, a police officer has been shot.   there was a strong movement of people voting to remove the government," howe said.   there was no confirmation of a claim by isis on friday that it had shot down an army helicopter.   there was no immediate word on why e! decided to end the show.   there was no official news about how close the countries were to achieving agreement, but clearly officials were hoping that another day of talks could produce at least some real progress if not a final pact.   there was no similar obsession with the matter on the president's part, however."   there was some support from riyadh.   there were others trying to top that one.   there were conflicting numbers of people involved wednesday, ranging from to as many as ,.   there were many times i wanted to give up.   there were more than submissions in the first minutes.   there were no immediate reports of injury or damage.   "there were no pkk offices inside the village," says -year-old hamina as she departs in a truck.   there were no reports of any casualties.   there were plenty of moves beforehand involving frequent all-pros.   there were simply too many people on the stage, on both stages actually, for anything like a clear contrast to be established.   there were still strong feelings among navy personnel that their particular branch of the services didn't have any business being that close to the others.   there were times where we let our lack of knocking down jump shots get us stagnant on the defensive end and it has to be the reverse.   "there were very few people who knew how to handle a disability as severe as john's," she said.   "there will be no talks in the coming days, either at eurogroup level or between the greek authorities and the institutions on proposals or financial arrangements," dijsselbloem said.   there will be remarks at san francisco city hall at noon, and in the evening, dignitaries will gather in at the fairmont hotel, where dicey security negotiations took place in the penthouse.   the rictus grin fell from blair's face.   the ride became stuck due to a mechanical issue with a gondola's motor around p.m., a zoo spokeswoman said.   the riders congregated by the laptop table, not the u-shaped section of leather seats.   the ridiculous measure, sponsored by huntington beach-based attorney matt mclaughlin, called for any person who touched another person of the same gender for sexual purposes to "be put to death by bullets to the head or by any other convenient method."   the rifts opened eight years later, during amazon’s development of the kindle e-reader.   the right-wing populists believe that the euro-zone is already being too understanding of greece.   the riverside county sheriff's department said on its facebook page that the crime was reported as a possible arson, but it did not list a possible cause.   the road kits made their debut in march at the grand prix of st. petersburg.   the role was eventually recast as her health declined.   the rollout is part of the broader partnership between apple and ibm.   the roman catholic archdiocese of new york did not immediately respond to a request for comment.   the room where residents are bathed now features a mountain scene.   the rules were greeted warmly by business interests, which see greater leeway to boost sales and travel to cuba.   the ruling affects three opposition lawmakers and one socialist deputy, all from the sparsely populated state of amazonas.   the ruling is particularly significant because it comes from the th circuit, which is among the country’s most influential appeals courts, and also has a business-friendly reputation.   the ruling upholds a tentative decision gee made in april, and comes a week after the two sides told her that they failed to reach a new settlement agreement as she'd asked for.   the russian airstrikes that began wednesday have mainly targeted central and northwestern syria, strategic regions that are the gateway to assad's strongholds in the capital, damascus, and along the coast.   the saint john hospital foundation have declined to speak for nearly a week.   the saints led by points on two occasions, but wound up dropping a - overtime decision to the titans (-) before a dismayed and disappointed crowd in the mercedes-benz stadium.   the same thing happened to kristi overton on monday morning.   the samples google showed off certainly are impressive, but we're going to have to put it through its paces in the real world before making any judgments.   the sanctions damaged penn state and its reputation, and that will take time to heal, many said.   the san francisco-based company has had a rocky few months in china.   the saudi-led coalition, which has been bombing the rebels, thought to be backed by iran, and their allies for weeks, early yesterday reported the second major ground attack of the war against saudi territory.   the schedule is dependent on weather conditions.   the school offers instructional courses and classes that combine a great cardio and core workout with the fantasy of becoming a mermaid.   the school was transformed by the invading japanese forces as their military headquarters during the second world war.   the search giant believes it can provide a better experience by serving you ads that target your interests.   these are also major themes in a lot of poor communities across this country.   these areas are still wracked by instability, with thousands of people displaced in fresh unrest since last year.   these are great in potato salads, chicken casseroles and chicken a la king.   these are the six balkan countries and turkey.   these are used for simple, but extremely effective, credential phishing attacks.   "these are who we are as americans.   "these are young men who have been serving their country overseas," cooney said.   the seattle seahawks announced wednesday that cornerback richard sherman was selected as the team’s man of the year for his on-field performance and off-field community service.   these chemicals are considered an environmental threat and can lead to health problems.   the second amendment and the laws of new york state give citizens the tools to defend themselves and their families from harm until law enforcement can arrive on the scene," wrote one of the sheriffs, michael schiff of sullivan county.   the second-biggest bidder was videotron, which spent $ million.   the second bullet is fired at full speed.   the second-degree attempted luring charge carries a potential penalty of five to years in prison.   the second round of the british open lasted all of minutes before play was stopped on friday.   the second time the young man was taken to hospital, he was admitted as an involuntary patient.   these courses explain the detailed technical steps to get value out of both in-memory and hadoop.   the sec's rules come more than four years after they were first required by the dodd-frank wall street reform law.   the security camera could not see past these walls and it was behind them that the man who is now being sought by thousands of police escaped.   the security guard that was supposed to stop the rhinos has reportedly been relieved of his duties.   these days, waiting customers are treated to free hot chocolate and madeleines, a bite-sized buttery cake.   "these enhancements will also provide valuable program space for thousands of girl scouts.   the segment was one of the most surreal in "daily show" history.   these hollowed-out impressions in the ash are so detailed that individual grains of maize are visible.   "these intuitions are wrong most of the time," says mouret.   “these men and women fought for freedom, brought honor to their communities, loved their country, and died for it,” bill clinton said at a memorial day ceremony in .   the semi ended up crashing into a guardrail on the right shoulder and went down an embankment.   these moves helped turn fort lauderdale's image around and multiplied its spring-break economy tenfold, she said.   the senate did that last night.   the senate version is better than nothing, but, astonishingly, it provides for assessing high-priority chemicals at a rate of about only five a year and it is not clear that the house of representatives will go that far.   the senator got her start in politics in , years after being left in a wheelchair by an auto accident.   the sense that detente will unleash an invasion of yankee tourists and change the unique character of one of the world's last remaining bastions of communism is shared by many travellers flocking here.   these people, these english fans should be found, punished and locked up.   the series: seahawks lead - and have won the past three and five of the past six, including a - victory in santa clara, calif., on oct. . seahawks coach pete carroll is - against the ers in the regular season, - overall.   "these roadways are something that people can grow up with and not even give it a second thought," said hiller.   these savings plans work much like a (k) or ira where your contributions are invested in mutual funds and other investments.   these "small smart weapons" are a far cry from unguided "dumb" bombs of up to , pounds which were inaccurately dropped by fast flying manned jets in the past.   the settlement brought bitter criticism from safety advocates and family members.   these updates have ranged from minor things like adding lethal cows to address a money-generating exploit, to major issues like save-file corruption and endless saved-game loops on the xbox one edition.   the seven-stage race, held in september, is usually fought out between teams of four.   the seven-year-old — a smiling little girl whose favourite things — a soccer ball, sparkling sneakers, an angel ornament, were on display, was remembered for her determination to live life to the fullest.   "these very dry conditions mean our community is at risk, making it even more important for everyone to practice summer fire safety," said west vancouver fire & rescue in a statement.   these went to: the pixie awards are sponsored by the american pixel academy, which connects creative visual professionals in the pixel media with educators developing the next generation of creative professionals.   “these were nuclear weapons aimed at companies.”   the shell's sliminess could be an anti-predatory adaptation, ward said.   the sherbrooke, que., native has goals and assists in career games with the oilers and st. louis blues.   the sheriff's office said -year-old jeremy daniel ringquist attempted suicide on wednesday, july . he was found in his cell on wednesday around p.m. with linens around his neck, according to the report.   the sheriff's office says around : am says the man was driving a large, black chevrolet truck in the area of blake road and mccabe road.   the shooting at harrisburg high school happened at about a.m. authorities say a student got into a dispute with lein in the principal's office, pulled a gun and shot the principal in the arm.   the shooting happened around : p.m. near cobblestone farms south and fountain park drives.   the short film had its screening debut last year at the highly regarded st kilda film festival in melbourne, where tanya jade walked the red carpet and had positive feedback about the film.   the short-term interest rate is usually at percent or percent when the economy is at full employment.   the show could have found a way for stannis to not burn his daughter.   the shower is the result of earth's orbit passing through debris from the comet swift-tuttle.   the show owns the rights.   the show's producers thanked hbo for "believing in dragons."   the show, which airs at p.m. edt on mondays, is now in its th season.   the siegel family said they are "deeply appreciative of the outpouring of support that they have received" and requested privacy while they mourn the loss of their daughter.   "the silver chair" has been announced, but there is no release date yet.   the singer/fashion mogul says she is feeling better than ever since giving birth to her second child.   the singer's hotly anticipated album is projected to sell over a million units in its debut week after it is released friday, helping the ailing record business in the final quarter of the year.   the sinking is part of an escalating problem of people putting their lives in the hands of human traffickers, feeling that's a better option than the despair they're leaving behind.   the site claims to have examined million points of interactive social data to reach its definitive conclusions.   the site is popular among buddhists as well as hindu and sikh members of thailand's indian community.   the sites include games, movies and music.   the situation escalated last month when the militia seized one of hadi's aides in apparent protest at a draft constitution that would have divided yemen into six federal regions which they oppose.   the six-member exotic animal task force was struck last july and its recommendations were expected in march.   the sizable gains were a sign that wall street was more than ready for the fed to remove its emergency support.   "the size of your board should reflect what is needed to adequately staff your committees."   the small knot of volunteers trudging along market street thursday night to count homeless people did its job so unassumingly that virtually nobody even noticed what it was doing.   the smarter investor avoidable diy investment traps don't rely on these 'professional' investors have bonds lost their safety?   the smart money uses them to determine when sentiment has gotten so negative that it's got nowhere to go but up.   "the smoking gun in these extinctions is very obvious, and it's in our hands," co-author todd palmer, a biologist at the university of florida, wrote in an e-mail to the washington post.   the snowboard parallel slalom event, meanwhile, was dropped from the olympic program to make room for big air.   the snow is there.   the soaring, historic structure in charleston, south carolina, is not just a building.   the so-called labor force participation rate is at the lowest level since .   the software update should be available starting thursday to model s owners.   the software was designed to conceal the cars’ emission of the pollutant nitrogen oxide, which contributes to the creation of ozone and smog.   the solo shot gave detroit an - lead.   the song works for coldplay, but it could have worked just as well for rihanna, justin bieber or katy perry.   the sort of subjects they talk about are the plastic ones anyway, where are the core physics, maths, and engineering degrees mentioned?   the sound of certain parts of graffiti is muffled, the product either of artistic decisions on page's part that remain a mystery or the fact that the two-lp set was filled out with some songs from the archives.   the source behind sunday's report was quoted as saying that jain would resign at the end of june and remain on at the bank as a consultant, while fitschen intended to leave after deutsche bank's next annual meeting in may .   the source of the confusion is netsuite's accounting statements.   the southern campaign swing is part of clinton's increasing emphasis on a band of conservative states that typically garner more attention from republican white house hopefuls.   the southern front alliance took full control of the nd brigade base in daraa province after hours of fierce clashes, a spokesman told afp.   the south feels freezing blast temperatures reached the single digits in southern cities like nashville and oklahoma city.   the south's initial response to the landmine incident had been to set up huge loudspeakers on their side of the dmz that blared propaganda and k-pop into the north.   the s&p and nasdaq were both up about % in the two years that the fed was raising rates.   the spacecraft was about million miles away from pluto when the photo was taken.   the spacex version is a souped-up dragon.   the spanish investigation covered allegations of genocide, war crimes, crimes against humanity and terrorism in rwanda in the s.   the species was declared threatened in , but now the population is growing by four to nine percent annually, according to idnr figures.   the speedster performed well in the and meters, along with the x and the meters.   the spice is often used in tex-mex and indian dishes.   "the spiral starts progressively," brossier said.   the sprawling complex has been under construction for years and was supposed to open this year, but repeated delays have pushed the date of the full opening to .   the "spring spectacular" made its debut in march starring tony award winner laura benanti and emmy award-winning choreographer derek hough.   the stadium, which hosted the soccer world cup final, was one of other venues selected for the tournament.   the staff at the park continues to address the need for the development of non-motorized, land-based recreational activities.   the standardized system will serve as the basis for models with an all-electric range of - km, it said.   the state last carried out an execution in , when serial killer michael ross was put to death.   the state legislature is predominantly white, rural and suburban, but the effects of the laws it makes are felt largely in missouri’s cities, where gun homicides are one of the biggest causes of death for young black men.   the statement noted that the voice recognition feature on its smart tvs was an option -- and could simply be switched off.   the statement said edosomwan has practiced medicine in charlotte for nearly two decades and that he’s happily married with five children.   the state's sports books won $. million of the total $ million wagered on the super bowl, said nevada gaming control board officials monday.   the steps have always been there.   the st. louis rams are at the center of a debate over whether to spend public money on a new stadium.   the stock lost $. to $..   the stock remains a risky bet, but the company is making efforts to turn things around.   "the stocks i bought have dropped so cruelly," one weibo user posted.   the storm will lose a lot of its punch as it travels over the sierra madre but could potentially bring several inches of rain to texas and louisiana next week.   the story of two murdered boys - one israeli, one palestinian how is your local hospital coping?   "the story of wages is first they came for people without a college degree and then they came for the college grads," mishel said.   the story quickly spread online and off.   the story time project allows them to hear his stories read from space, bennett said via email last week.   the stouts fire was percent contained after burning through square miles of private and federal timber miles east of canyonville, the oregon department of forestry said.   the students attended a radical rural teachers college in guerrero state and went to iguala to hijack buses.   the study found men who lived with their children were a little heavier to begin with, on average, and ended up heavier than the absent fathers and the men who didn't have kids.   the study helps confirm other studies that have linked smoking with early menopause.   the study's findings could eventually be used to help treat people who have sleeping difficulties.   the sturdy, contoured handle is designed to fit in your hand comfortably and won't melt or break like plastic handles.   "the substantial risk of putting an innocent man to death clearly provides an adequate justification for holding an evidentiary hearing," his lawyers wrote in a filing with the u.s. supreme court.   the success of those talks, however, remains highly uncertain.   the suit also names the west vancouver police department, because it was also involved.   the suit was filed later in the day in st. louis county circuit court, according to the st. louis post-dispatch.   “the supercity is the vanguard of economic reform,” said liu gang (劉剛), a professor at nankai university in tianjin, who advises local governments on regional development.   the supreme court is sustaining higher health care costs for patients and taxpayers, a law that makes it costlier for employers to hire and harder for workers to keep full-time jobs.   the survey, agreed upon in the labor agreement between the league club owners and players union, will be handled by an outside party for the nfl and the nfl players association.   the survey, called out on the fields, was conducted online in six english-speaking countries — u.s., u.k., ireland, canada, new zealand and australia — and promoted through a coalition of sporting organizations.   the survey of it managers and professionals, underwritten by clusterhq, finds that the leading container technology of choice is docker, with percent of respondents having used or investigated it.   the survey showed that . percent of respondents said they believe chu is capable of pushing reforms, while . percent said they did not believe he is.   the survey was conducted online by leger marketing from september to september .   the suspects subjected to house arrest had returned "from places in disarray and classified dangerous by security forces", the ministry said.   the suspect then covered her mouth and bound her hands, according to bpd.   the suspect then ordered huskins to bind quinn with zip ties and told them both to get into a bedroom closet.   the suspect was also carrying a box cutter, say police.   the suspect was remanded to custody and is scheduled to appear in court in yellowknife today.   the suspension of market forces - including the mass trading halts that were permitted by regulators at the peak of the selloff in july- for example, have raised concerns among overseas investors.   the swedish migration agency (migrationsverket).   the syrian city, also known as ayn al-arab, had been under assault by isis since mid-september.   the syrian electronic army, the notorious hacking group that has hit several high-profile media companies such as the associated press, the new york times, and cnn, hacked the washington post mobile site on thursday afternoon.   the system has to change.”   the tale of how one of the most famous gallery owners in manhattan wound up purchasing the photographs of an unheard of farmer from ravenna, italy, resembles, in many ways, the fairytale story of american street photographer vivian maier.   the talks are currently about releasing the last . billion euros in the country's bailout program, which expires at the end of the month.   the taurus had been reported stolen.   the team satellite tagged eels over three years.   the team will then have another day off from the practice field before returning saturday.   the tech mogul warned that failing to act on the threat right now is "reckless."   the technology giant redesigned its magic devices, including the magic keyboard, magic mouse and magic trackpad . those products have rechargeable batteries.   the technology raises questions about privacy rights and intrusion, and adib said the team gave serious thought to those implications.   the technology recognizes new gestures like pressing and holding.   the teenager got his finger stuck in a coffee machine drip tray.   the temporary exit idea resonated with hans-peter friedrich, deputy parliamentary floor leader for merkel's conservatives and a member of her bavarian allies, the christian social union (csu).   the ten-screen shattuck cinemas are a major contributor to the vibrancy of our downtown, drawing film lovers from all over the east bay and northern california.   the term "genocide" was coined in after ww ii.   the theme of the gala was “fighting for .” each year, project heal receives around applications from those who are motivated to recover, but lack the financial resources for treatment.   the thermometer does not provide the diagnosis of the cause for fever, not the medicine to bring it down.   "the threats then materialised and people, all nigerian and ghanaian, are believed to have drowned in the mediterranean," the police statement added.   the three parties didn't share one buffet but all had food items in common and the same staff prepared the food.   the tigers, though, were swept in the division series by baltimore, and they have been one of the most disappointing teams in the majors this year.   the tighter integration means that images from other users will pop up more frequently.   "the time has never been more right for this legislature to address the domestic violence issue.   the times says european footballing nations raised the prospect of a world cup boycott if mr blatter remains in charge of fifa.   the timetable and cost of the project was not disclosed this morning, but cuomo indicated that some of the cost of the airtrain could be funded by the $ billion new york state took in last year through settlements with foreign banks.   the tiny infant, who escaped serious harm, was found in a backpack concealed in a plastic bag.   the top percent of earners pays about percent of the income tax.   the top stories in three minutes the journal from dw presents the most important news - up-to-date, in brief and quickly.   the tory candidate won.   the total amount of those assets is not known, but as a deal with iran seemed imminent, some estimated that the number was as high as $ billion.   the tough decisions will ultimately be made by ministers and heads of state, as negotiators have no mandate to make political concessions.   the tournament, which will be held in australia and new zealand, is set begin on friday.   “the traffic we saw a week before we usually equate to rally time,” said custer county emergency management director mike carter.   the train attack was reminiscent of a similar case from october when two young palestinian cousins stabbed two israelis in east jerusalem.   the training will focus on "the bare minimum basics that are needed for counter-attacking" against is, he said.   the train was on time, the priority seat was free and no one was in need, and the train sauntered into stratford like clockwork.   the transition would be difficult.   the tree would have been a sapling in the year , when the roman empire was still consolidating its hold over what would become great britain.   "the trend toward the stronger dollar is clearly in place and it's accelerating to the upside, which has only put more downward pressure on gold prices," ross said friday.   the trial continues.   the trial marks the end of a -year battle to bring him to justice in senegal, where he has lived in exile after being toppled in a coup.   the trifid nebula in its more recognisable form, rotated to the same orientation as the vista image.   the trio, small-time street sellers, claimed in a civil suit against the federal government that they’d suffered severe beatings by u.s. drug enforcement administration agents.   the trio's self-titled debut album, released in , featured the songs "suite: judy blue eyes" and "marrakesh express."   the trip offers walker the opportunity to burnish his national security chops, which even his own advisers have privately admitted are lacking.   “the trouble is that two wrongs do not make a right,” she said.   the trouble-plagued machine lasted just three months and treated only , tons of water, a tiny fraction of the volume leaking every day.   the truro side meanwhile showed several changes from that drew - at hartsdown on the opening day of the vanarama national league south season.   the tsa at the orlando airport told me i couldn't take photos but this is denigrating.   the tune, "happiest of holidays," is on the duo's new ep.   the tweet the beat feature started appearing on the weekend, and it automatically displays a fullscreen pop-up ad for mobile spotify users with pre-populated text and a button to tweet rihanna with a thanks for her "bitch better have my money" single.   the two-day event was spearheaded by the ministry of investments and funded by the international development bank (idb).   the two eagles reached that point friday at : a.m. et, though technically it could take months before the u.s. national aeronautic association reviews and documents it.   the two gunmen who attacked a tunis museum trained at a jihadist camp in libya, tunisia said.   the two-hour service was led by the archbishop of york, dr john sentamu.   the two men then drove off.   "the two presidents decided common measures to reinforce security in mali," the statement said after french president francois hollande spoke to his malian counterpart.   the two presidents, speaking by phone late saturday afternoon, "renewed their determination to work together to fight against violence and terrorism on all fronts," it added.   "the two projects -- the zionist and the takfiri (extremist sunni) -- want to achieve the same result: destroying our peoples and our societies," he said.   the two quarterbacks, arms around each other's shoulder pads, swayed and sang.   the two sides agreed to build a union based on democracy and federal principles to follow their political dialogue.   the two sides also met in last year's group stages, with a - draw in turin and a - win for madrid in spain.   the two sides have already reached deals on land reform and political participation for former rebels.   the two were kidnapped in april , and italian jesuit father paolo dall’oglio went missing three months later.   the uk has taken part in air strikes over iraq, releasing footage of targets being destroyed however, the moral dimension is by no means universal.   the unarmed juno target missile was launched at : a.m. mst from an old military depot in northwestern new mexico.   "the unemployment rate in spain is still much too high," said blanchard.   the unemployment rate is now near the . percent to . percent range that the federal reserve considers consistent with a healthy economy — one reason the fed has been expected to raise interest rates from record lows by midyear.   the union asked the court to throw out the suspension before sept. ; that would keep brady from missing any practices before the patriots' sept. season-opener against the pittsburgh steelers.   the union made a counterproposal over the weekend that called for raises totaling . percent over two years — far less than the percent over three years they initially sought.   the un is already investigating at least other cases of possible sexual misconduct by un troops and police in the nation.   the united nations estimates that more than , people were displaced since isis began its push for ramadi in april.   the united states and iran are both motivated by rational self-interest and a desire to maximize their national security.   the united states has been involved in the negotiations since early in obama's first term and he has spent considerable political capital on getting a deal done as part of his "pivot to asia" agenda.   the united states has not faced the same tensions as some european countries including france.   the united states will "redouble the vigilance and determination on the part of the global coalition to make sure" the group is "ultimately defeated", he added.   the university of illinois, which enrolls nearly , chinese students on a campus of about ,, began holding “football ” clinics a couple years ago and introduced mandarin-language broadcasts this fall.   the university of phoenix's parent company, apollo education group (apol), announced more losses wednesday.   the university was one of the first places in town to report fallen trees around noon and administrators quickly sent its students to their dorms and faculty to their homes.   the u.n. mission in northern mali is already a testing ground for these approaches.   the un peacekeeping mission in mali, minusma, set up a -kilometer (-mile) safety zone around kidal to protect civilians and prevent a spread of fighting that the un said was a "flagrant violation" of the peace deal.   the un reports that over , have fled their homes for other parts of ukraine, and many others have crossed the border into russia itself.   the updated conversation mode will be available on both android and ios.   the u.s. and world powers are in the final stages of talks that they hope will reach an agreement over iran's nuclear program.   the u.s. department of justice announced monday that it has launched a civil rights investigation into the chicago police department.   the us diplomat aims to push the russian leader to fully implement the fragile ukraine ceasefire.   the u.s. energy information administration said inventories rose last week for crude, gasoline and distillates.   the use, which was a breach of radiation regulations, only came to light when another director, martin smith, noticed a human image among the scans of animals.   the u.s. expanded forward drone bases and increased our military activities.   the u.s. flag also follows other key principles of good design like use of basic colors, meaningful symbolism and being distinctive enough to be seen from afar or while moving.   the us government has now lifted the ban and a number of ferry companies say they have been given licences.   the u.s. government should have anticipated egyptian recalcitrance.   the u.s. marshals service and fbi joined hundreds of other officers searching for richard matt, , and david sweat, , according to the associated press.   the u.s was in the forefront in adopting three resolutions at the u.n. human rights sessions on sri lanka, the last of which last year called for an international independent investigation into the alleged abuses.   the vaccine is required for entrance to school, but parents can request an exemption, called the “personal belief exemption,” if they prefer not to immunize their children.   the vatican announcement also comes just weeks before francis makes his first-ever visit to the united states.   the vehicle's windows were also shot out.   the vehicle was found left partially in the roadway.   "the victim is not ok.   the victim's religion may not be known, but customs must still be observed.   the victims targeted by torture are anti-regime activists, religious groups, migrants workers and businesspeople, according to the london-based watchdog.   the victims, two young women and a young man, were muslim.   the video ends with an interview between milligan and mckamey done via video chat.   the video gloats over alleged disunity in the multinational force that in march announced it had driven boko haram from all towns and villages.   the video was shot around the corner from the ottawa police services headquarters in downtown ottawa, according to paulson.   the village of oia is where you'll find some of the best sunset views, whether you choose to take it all in from a restaurant or offshore on a boat.   the violence came as hamas police and security forces stepped up measures against militants belonging to islamic extremist groups, some of whom are known as salafists.   the violence has rattled a region with a history of ethnic conflict.   the violent outburst, authorities said, originated from a trivial quarrel between the girls from weeks before the attack.   the visceral response, in some ways, reinforces these moral codes and drives home the idea that they are in place for a reason — to uphold the foundations on which our society is built, but also to protect the ones we love.   the visit is the king's first to the united states since ascending to the throne in january , and comes after the united states agreed to a nuclear deal with iran in july.   the vitriol didn't end there.   the vmware vcloud air experience vmware's vcloud air caters to organizations that are not ready to give full control of the infrastructure over to the application development team by providing a public cloud experience that resembles vsphere.   the vocalizations of the velociraptors in "jurassic park" weren't the recordings of angry animals, rydstrom told vulture in , but in fact rather less intimidating reptiles getting it on.   "the volume of these units that are being sold right now by us and across the market is ridiculous.   the warehouse where the roof was torn away, the darker ceiling indicating the repaired portion the shovel brigade comes to the rescue.   the warriors have won straight regular season games dating back to last season.   the washington-based human rights group enough project said ongwen was abducted by the lra at the age of while on his way to school and quickly rose in its ranks.   the water kept rising, slowly at first and then furiously.   the water's value, more than just to drink, is in providing hydrogen fuel for space vehicles.   the way things are going, it's hard to rule him out.   "the weakness in the stock market over the last two days has helped push treasuries prices higher," said shyam rajan, u.s. rates strategist at bank of america merrill lynch in new york.   the wealth he accumulated during his years as a pe executive will still be scrutinized, as issues like income inequality and raising the minimum wage have become even more politically potent.   the weather channel idaho wildfire destroys traffic camera, weather equipment twin typhoons in western pacific?   the week ended with reports of more manufacturing gloom in china and investors moving to the safety of bonds and gold.   the week in photos photos a paramilitary policeman releases a wild goose in linghai, china, on tuesday, january . about eight wild geese had been found injured, according to local media, and they were set free after being treated.   the weekly chart is created by the seattle times with data from hsh associates four weeks for cents of unlimited digital access to the seattle times.   the weight gain that might be caused by inadequate shut-eye could, in turn, increase the risk of heart attack and stroke, gangwisch said.   the white paper accused beijing of “raising concerns among the international community'' as it ramped up criticism from last year's report, an annual summary of japan's official view on defense matters.   "the whole band heard the gunshots before they saw anything and stopped playing, hit the deck and kind of went backstage and exited as fast as they could."   the wildcats have already had three unexpected losses to unranked opponents: unlv, oregon state and rival arizona state.   the wildrose with jean as the leader won seats, four more than they won under smith's leadership in .   “the wind of change is starting to blow in europe,” podemos leader pablo iglesias, a ponytailed former university professor, said in greek and spanish as he addressed supporters at the so-called “march for change.”   "the winds have been upwards of miles per hour in that area over the sierra crest," sheriff lutze told ktla.   "the winds were howling up there," said white, who spoke to the pilot of the helicopter.   the win is farah’s sixth global distance title in a row.   the winner of each of the eight three-team groups advances to next year's knockout stage, which is part of qualifying for the fifa club world cup.   the winner of the first three grand slam events of the season, the -year-old williams will face belinda bencic of switzerland, an -, -, - winner over fifth-seeded ana ivanovic of serbia.   the winner of the third-place match will also qualify for the world cup.   the winnipeg jets look to get back in the win column when they welcome the new york islanders to town in a new year’s eve bout that has puck drop scheduled for p.m. wednesday.   "the witch doctors who are telling them to come and chop our limbs, they are liars," mashamba said.   the witnesses described a polite, mellow kid who seemed to enjoy an idyllic childhood with parents who were loving, supportive and engaged.   the woman's identity was not immediately released.   the woman was a member of the activist group femen, which also targeted the world economic forum two years ago.   the women’s race was led by amy clements (kent ac, :.) with and champion mel frazier (w gravesend road runners, :.) chasing hard.   " the women's record is held by zara davis, who clocked a top speed of . knots (. kph) on a windsurfer at a specially-built speed trench in namibia years ago.   the woodbine hotel what valley did capone's rumrunners follow from the u. s. to winnipeg?   the wood-panel interior was designed by goulier.   the word is imitative and ultimately comes from the greek psithuros, "whispering, slanderous."   the work to be done will be primarily performed by volunteers, jorgensen said, but city staff will be on hand to help perform some of the more technical work, as well as to supervise.   the work week just started and the last thing you need is to spend two hours of it watching apple's wwdc keynote address.   the world's forgotten refugees streaming live the great migration in maasai mara queen nefertiti's tomb found?   the world's top cocoa producer and west africa's economic powerhouse will go to the polls in october in an election ouattara is tipped to win.   the worldwide market for iron ore, much like oil, has been in freefall, plummeting more than per cent in three years.   the worms may even feed on bacteria in the slug's gut, the researchers wrote today (july ) in the open-access journal bmc ecology.   "the worst thing that was evident was near one of our classrooms.   the would-be caliphate differs from past threats — more brutal and uncannily adept at tapping into disaffection.   the wpc is seen as the party left out of the mix when the other two major groups in wireless charging, the alliance for wireless power, backed by samsung and qualcomm, agreed to merge with the power matters alliance, championed by duracell powermat.   the writing on it was in pencil in capital letters.   they accuse the party of betraying its anti-austerity roots by agreeing to the conditions of the country's billion euro ($ billion) bailout deal.   the yacht was forced to retire on sunday due to a broken rudder.   they agreed to meet again in the coming weeks, drawing praise from kabul, islamabad, beijing, washington and the un.   they all have health perks.   they allowed two goal chances and one went in."   they along with guam, palestine and singapore had taken surprise group leads after two rounds across the eight pools but thursday's early results showed most are unlikely to be there when the second round concludes in march.   they also approved an additional $ million in the form of partial matching funds for school districts where bond measures pass. business oregon will start accepting applications oct. , .   they also come as president barack obama prepares to welcome japanese prime minister shinzo abe to the white house tuesday to commemorate the partnership the u.s. and japan have developed over years since the end of world war ii.   they also face charges of conspiracy to commit arson, illegal possession of weapons and making a threat through social media.   they also get to practice skills like science and math.   they also meant to kill ciganek's wife, but she wasn't home at the time of the slayings.   they also noted that latin american economies -- major u.s. trade partners -- have also slowed down this summer.   they also saw cellphone images from the night of the attack that vandenburg sent to his friends as it was happening.   they also stopped by the nbc studio to help the network fill air time in its first race broadcasting nascar since .   they always come to watch me play and it makes me want to work harder," he adds.   they are affordable, easy to use, and widely available.   they are employed by government and non-profit and home care agencies.   they are identified by british police as mohammed shakil, sadeer saleem and waheed ali.   they are just wonderful and i loved the music and the drums.   “they are longtime friends,” said trump spokeswoman hope hicks, via email.   "they are operational and will require no refurbishment upon arrival in the philippines," he added.   they are simply unfair," architect patrik juricek said.   they are sitting at the edge of their seat, hoping that the latest ceasefire in ukraine will hold and that business can get back to usual.   "they are violating god's laws and doing something that is forbidden in islam, so this is a legitimate punishment," said hajji mohammed, a resident of the is-held northern iraqi city of mosul.   they began moving to israel after chief rabbis determined in that the community had biblical roots.   "they can buy and sell more.   they can monitor our movements on cctv and trace driver records via a car number plate recognition system known as anpr.   "they claim darfur now experiences open warfare," hassan said.   they collapsed as hundreds of health care workers with limited protective gear got sick.   they combined for seven hits and eight of texas' runs, outperforming blue jays leadoff hitter ben revere and toronto's -- hitters of russell martin, kevin pillar and ryan goins.   they come from the lorri camera and show details down to m across.   they continued to block one of the three entrances to the residence of bahah, whose whereabouts remained unknown thursday a day after the huthis allowed him to leave following a two-day siege.   they continue to bill for their full costs, rather than the far lower price of providing those services elsewhere.   "they continue to do so without fear of even been held to account."   they could continue to live in an impoverished manner or they could do something to change their lot in life.   "they could, for example, have tighter shorts," said the swiss.   they'd been there for years — since they'd emigrated from the azores — and had an amazing garden and sausage smokehouse in the backyard.   they delivered it."   they did everything right -- they went together, and they told their family they were going to the transaction.   they did just that.   they did not capably discern right and wrong.   they did not inform of us of oct. . why they are spinning the story this way or saying what they're saying, that's not for me to answer," bergen said.   the year also sees the deaths of elizabeth's mother and her sister, margaret.   “they emptied out the whole entire glove box, emptied out the console,” said justin juenger, one of the victims.   they entry fee is $/team.   they even object to research into the subject, viewing the desire to manipulate nature as immoral.   they eventually want the app to be smart enough to know the parking laws across a particular city and automatically identify an illegally parked car and remotely alert traffic cops, who would write the ticket and call the tow truck then and there.   they expect the central bank could signal its intention by dropping a pledge to be "patient" in its so-called forward guidance at the end of its march - meeting.   they experience feeling very hot; the body gets very hot and the body temperature can go up as far as - degrees.   they face to years in prison per charge, and their bail was set at $, each, according to the st. louis post-dispatch.   they finish the regularseason against no. notre dame (-), which was fourth in the latest selection committee rankings.   "they fly in the face of all common sense and logic," fleckeisen said of the options.   they found that, while patients taking statins reported more memory loss in the -day period after starting the drugs than non-users, the same was true for those taking nonstatin llds, which have a completely different structure.   they got it in se oregon, too, and in the boise area.   “they had a very powerful serve from jimmy tressler,” schukraft said.   they had been reporting in aleppo, a city in northwestern syria that has been devastated by fighting, the spanish press federation fape said.   they had one, as i recall -- a small one -- on harry s. truman.   they had to be rescued by helicopter, leaving their snowmobiles, qamutiit and other gear behind.   they have already heard about the dangers of diabetes and obesity, all part of a pitch to harden their resolve to complete the -day gulp (give up loving pop)challenge.   they have also built trout ponds.   "they have a real problem here..   "they have been upfront about what has gone wrong and what needs to be done to change things next year.   they have homes, security and all the burgers they can eat.   "they have invested for years now in keeping assad in power.   they have seen our children grow up to build new technology, start new multinational corporations, and create great works of art on the movie screen.   they have some staffs engaged in training, while others provide command over the navy in missions or exercises.   they hope to move the business online — away from its usual outlet of street hawkers flogging pirate dvds for a couple of dollars — making it more readily accessible to the estimated million people in africa’s middle class.   the yield on the -year bonds fell basis points this week and three basis points yesterday to . percent, taipei exchange prices show.   they included two australians, four nigerians, a brazilian and an indonesian.   they include genetics, a spinal tap to measure two proteins associated with alzheimer's: amyloid and tau, mri scans to watch for brain shrinkage, and standard tests of memory.   they include the royal stoke university hospital and stafford hospital.   they just want to be rid of them.   they know that acknowledging a no-hitter or claiming a victory prematurely is a huge faux pas.   they laughed. photos: inside syria: roadtrip across a war-torn nation despite the destruction, kobani residents are trying revive their town.   they lead the majors with homers.   they made the journey out in four boats.   they made three attempts, with no success.   "they may be ideological reasons, or in the interests of shareholders, or economic interests, it's normal for them to say: 'come on, let's push russia down, so the value of russian shares goes down, and then we'll buy them,'" he told the bbc.   they may run your credit report.   they must avoid the kind of dramatic swing in form that up until this point had split their season in two.   they only need to succeed once."   they put on a show.   they put up four runs on six hits just in that inning.   "they quickly did my hair and make-up and then i was on the runway."   they quickly realized it was the cinematic equivalent of a hot pepper: something to be endured rather than enjoyed.   "they're able to do it elsewhere.'   “they’re all playoff games.”   they received their trophies during the first college basketball awards nationally televised show from club nokia in downtown los angeles.   they receive occasional updates and voice recordings, samih said, though never with specific details.   they recognize they are paid well and chose to run for office, and that many canadians face much greater hurdles in raising children.   they're going to step up and do more things and fill in when i can't be there."   "they're limping along a bit in the maritimes because of a lack of funding.   they're not down and out.   they're on their own for representation, which is very expensive," said attorney pat fanning.   "they're preaching for the wrong reason, yet paul said thanks god for that," he says.   "they're preventable deaths," arnott said.   they’re set up to breed crickets on a massive scale.   they're trapped inside the country - haunted by war, many syrian kids have no psychological support.   "they're trying and we talk about our adversity, that means there's going to be games you don't like; not happy with the way things went; that you're frustrated because you couldn't make things happen; you made things difficult on yourself.   they’re trying to get over here and better their lives.   they returned with a verdict around : a.m., said court spokeswoman nancy volmer.   they said high credit costs were a dampener for business and investment.   they say it ignores the needs and troubles of ordinary citizens (as in greece).   they say police are paid to look the other way and that officers frequently do not understand labor laws.   they say the district is still offering in the neighborhood of %.   they say the man will remain in custody as police continue their investigation into the online message posted friday.   they say they don't use firewood, and other wood items in the home have never shown any indication of an infestation.   they seemed pretty equal.   they sell their produce in their own store and through trader joe's, a supermarket chain that belongs to the german chain aldi-nord.   they should see the other guys injury-plagued cleveland is taking inspiration from its star, lebron james, who has praised teammates like matthew dellavedova for their contributions against the golden state warriors.   "they should walk or cycle short distances or stand in public transport, and try to maintain physically active ways of working."   they sort of do, but no spoilers here.   they squeal, the cell phones were coming out, they were taking pictures and they just thought they were so fun."   they started fundraising a year ago by holding a cake sale at the village fair.   they still showed exceptional character to surge back into the match with second-half tries to luke morahan, matt hodgson and heath tessman.   they surrounded the suspect near the intersection of north polk avenue and crawford streets.   they take the children out on day trips, buy them christmas presents, all the things they might miss if they've lost a mother or father.   they target us again, and we won.   they taught him how to cook, and he worked for his mother when she managed a local mcdonald’s.   they tell of women and girls being raped or abducted, families being burned alive in their homes - and at least one case of a child being hanged from a tree.   they then introduced a chemical isolated from the mother mouse's microbiome and the symptoms reappeared.   they think that their technology "is the 'holy grail' for cloud software and their vision of the future."   "they told me my results were normal," she says.   they told me that he wouldn’t survive, and if he did by some miracle survive, he would have no quality of life and most likely be a burden on me but the young mother resisted their entreaties.   they, too, can last about minutes.   they took pictures with sgt. mealer and his patrol car.   they used to be four years apart.   they usually involve the company teaming up with an automaker to design an ipod- or iphone-ready vehicle.   they've also been shown safer routes they can take to get in a practice ride.   “they’ve been downsized, or transferred out of the area, and they decide to be their own boss.”   they've built the business by reinvesting money they've made back into it, never taking on debt.   they've created a tabletop game called world's fair , and they're seeking crowd-funding to make it a reality.   "they wanted legacy, so more than a year ago the nunatukavut approached me about helping them do a children's book," mcnaughton told cbc's weekend am.   they watched the ball for what seemed like forever until it banked off the backboard, hit the front of the rim and bounced out, cutting the cardinal’s wild rally one shot short.   they were a team — guys, i think.   they were broken by a significant amount."   they were convicted of all offences after trial in april.   they were convicted of spying on behalf of the international muslim brotherhood organisation and hamas from to august "with the aim of perpetrating terror attacks in the country in order to spread chaos and topple the state".   they were used to clear a nine-acre hillside and open space area where it would have been difficult to use machinery to clear the weeds, brown grasses and small bush limbs.   "they will be able to cross croatia and we have been working intensively on that," milanovic told parliament.   they will be cut, but they may be spared a little bit, that means human services may be lucky if they're looking at nine per cent.   they will be housed there until the games' opening ceremonies on saturday.   they will be prosecuted their role in the war against ukraine, turchynov said.   they work with ruffles, layers, buttons, swirls, crinkles, rosettes and "feathers that dance in the sunlight" to create dazzling combinations of texture and hue that define the singular woman who requests one.   they would be assassinated twice, if we remained silent."   they would bring beghal food and money.   "they would have to now say execution inventory does not mean drugs, but that's not consistent with other parts of the protocol."   they wrote: "suspect is a blonde female last seen wearing a long blue dress and is known to burst into song 'let it go!'   the zintanis have refused to hand him over, saying they do not trust authorities in tripoli to make sure he does not escape, but agreed to let him be tried there.   the zipper merge is being tested out on an existing work zone on lagimodiere boulevard starting wednesday.   the zoo’s announcement highlighted the substantial cultural differences between europeans and americans over zoo animals.   things could still get tricky, if lsu loses to alabama but wins every game besides that, they would still have an outsiders chance to be in the playoff.   "things started snowballing for him once he lost concentration and in the fourth set everything went against him.   "think about taking past martinsville to spencer and across ," glass said.   think of degrees like a sort of speed limit -- or a zone of increased risk.   think you'll rely on social security and savings for retirement income?   thirty-four employees remain at the plant, he said friday.   thirty new badly burned patients have arrived at maridi hospital, and two helicopters carrying a ton of supplies and another surgeon have been dispatched from the capital juba, said layal horanieh of the international committee of the red cross.   thirty-six people died in the outbreak, during which local businesses including shopping malls, restaurants and cinemas reported a sharp drop in sales as people shunned public venues with large crowds.   this -mile stretch of sandstone cliffs, sand dunes, beaches, and waterfalls is a photographer, hiker and kayaker’s dream—but even if you just sit there and lake-gaze, you’ll be inspired.   this aggressive pricing model helps consumers find better bargains at dollar tree than wal-mart on many low-cost items.   this alienated most iraqis, particularly sunnis.   this alleged 'legal' market is a front for the illegal market, and unless these markets are shut down, our generation will in all probability be the last to see elephants in the wild.   this being said, deportation for two weeks of illegal work is disproportionate.   "this brings to eight the number of people who have lost their lives in garamba in alone."   this came on a drop in the unemployment rate to .% in august, which increased the odds of a federal reserve interest rate hike at its sept. policy announcement.   this came on the heels of a slump that lasted from to .   this campaign was a war crime of the highest order, devastating and utterly destabilizing cambodia and creating the preconditions for genocide, as it allowed the khmer rouge to come to power.   "this certainly began with magic johnson, an american sports hero and icon, announcing he was hiv-positive," powell said in a statement to cnn.   this chart shows the dynamics between homeownership rates (black line, left scale) and rental vacancy rates (red line, right scale) over time: they essentially rise and dive together.   this comes amid an intense debate about immigration in the scandinavian country.   "this crucial study now gives clear evidence confirming that, rather than a family history, it is the type and stage of the breast cancer and the treatments given which are the biggest factors influencing each person's survival.   this does not mean that they are correct though.   this doesn't bother them.   "this doesn’t only take from your body, it takes from your mind, spirit, and soul," de la cruz says.   "this evidence was so specific that we could no longer rule out the threat of an attack in bremen," mäurer told reporters.   "this experience has been a plus for my son," said diamond.   this feature was one of the reasons that haoyu lin, a -year-old student and app designer, was first in line outside the fifth avenue store.   this feeling will be accentuated if banks keep closed and capital controls remain in place.   this five-bedroom hacienda, named casa blanca, was built in in the arcadia neighborhood.   this follows comments the ceo made in an interview with the daily telegraph, where he questioned why anyone would buy a pc -- those comments were apparently aimed at windows pcs, not his company's own computer range.   this gave the conservatives room to cut taxes and run more than $-billion-worth of deficits in response to the financial crisis.   “this group of ndp mps, during the last four years, are the most ineffective group of any group of mps in history,” said harper.   this has been found independently in a number of studies, including surveys of earth scientists, analysis of public statements about climate change and analysis of peer-reviewed scientific papers.   this has surpassed all of our expectations," heidi hayes, the mother of kaitlyn and kristian, said.   this helicopter ski adventure will fly you into the coast mountains for the freshest runs.   this includes brazil and excludes spain.   "this initiative is about validating the personal commitment of people who turned their lives around and rejected crime in exchange for being a contributing member of society," he said.   this international organization, which regulates wild game, names the actual fish the caviar came from.   this, in turn, invites the application of attendant logic.   “this investigation has never been about former secretary of state clinton and never will be,” boehner said in a written statement.   this is a budget for working people, pure and simple.   this is a guy who can't even quote a bible scripture to someone," mike demastus, a pastor at fort des moines church of christ, told the des moines register.   "this is a historic day, an important day, an emotional day," said the president of the spanish federation of jewish communities, isaac querub, whose ancestors took refuge in north africa after they were expelled from spain.   "this is a horrible loss of life that demands a full, thorough and independent investigation of the traffic stop, the arrest and ms. bland's tragic death in custody."   "this is a mainstream product sought my mainstream consumers."   this is a moment that i've rehearsed in my mind at least times over the past well, days," said greste after embracing well-wishers on his arrival in brisbane.   "this is an extraordinary experience and we don’t want to waste that insight that it could give.   this is an ongoing investigation and no further information will be released at this time.   "this is an unprecedented situation, unprecedented in world scientific research," the ministry said on its website.   "this is a partial write-off and restructuring of debt.   this is a rough estimate but we are certainly comfortable stating that she has majority middle eastern ancestry," said bradley.   this is a thing we could do in oklahoma because we have a large native population,” said johnnie jae morris (otoe-missouria/choctaw).   “this is a very important moment,” the former u.s. secretary of state said, speaking at the u.s. capitol after meeting with house of representatives democrats.   “this is a warm and family relationship that we all treasure,” he concluded.   this is designed to be a long-term agreement where the befriender offers friendly conversation and companionship.   this is done gracefully, one might even say, charmingly, so it is not obtrusive, although it is quite noticeable.   "this is done typically by leveraging an exploit kit that delivers the malware payload."   this is especially worthwhile considering the quantity of electricity used: million kilowatt-hours, enough to power , munich households for a year.   this is hardly a good deal for ukraine, the expert warns.   this is in contrast to strictly come dancing which was developed by the bbc in-house and then sold abroad.   this is indeed good news.   this is instead a sadly on-going struggle against fundamentalism that sees no place, no future and no role for any non-arab in the region, just as it views any non-adherent to this brutal and murderous narrative as the enemy.   “this is making many problems worse,” girgis said.   “this is not a technical problem; it’s an architectural problem,” varoufakis says.   this is not just about walking more. . sugar..   "this is not something we see all across the u.s.," coeur d'alene police chief lee white told the crowd, which included city workers, elected officials, officers from around the region, church leaders and others.   this is not the first time blumenthal has been dragged into a congressional inquiry on behalf of the clintons.   "this isn't about democrat - republican.   this isn't anywhere close to being on the rim," van sant pointed out.   this isn't necessarily a bad thing, though.   this isn't the first time swift has used this strategy.   "this is our big, big week," said marina mccready, a canada post manager in whitehorse.   "this is reminiscent of the ku klux klan -- modern-day night-riders terrorizing african-americans in the name of southern heritage."   this is street photography," she said.   this is the greatest literal and metaphorical change you can make to your life.   this is the happiest day of my life."   'this is the most unfortunate set of circumstances that we've seen in a long time.'   “this is the pig’s ear ed made of a helpless sarnie” the sun headline read, using a slang word for sandwich.   this is to say that the person is completely in the grip of their ego -- their false sense of self.   "this is valuable for an intelligence agency if they want to recruit someone" to spy, he said.   “this is what anger and hate against the church looks like,” pastor richard perea said of the killings.   "this is what charles haley believes -- it's going to come back to haunt him one day," haley told the website.   this is what it's like.   "this is what the playoffs are all about.   "this kind of dialogue is sorely needed in our families."   this lead to the development of a successful multidrug therapy in the s.   this leisurely activity involved the acquisition of a carcass, a bow and arrow, a hunting gun, and a $, salaried zimbabwean guide.   this live streaming service will put it in competition with similar services like dish network's (nasdaq: dish) sling tv, but isn't a true over-the-top solution as it doesn't allow for streaming outside of the home.   this logic immaturely overlooked the wide political differences between these parties.   this look at war will be a take two.   this loose alliance also has pooled and raised money to pay for costs of activism, such as transportation, and, in some cases, to subsidize the lives of people who have been persecuted.   this may be one reason we don't think about it much.   this means it can aid in preventing cancer and even possibly reduce the growth of cancer cells.   this means that the famous waterfalls, which are twice the height of niagara falls, will soon become significantly more accessible.   “this measure leads the way in preparing a new generation of leaders, bringing with them new ideas and energy, fired by a passion and idealism that burn strong in today’s youth,” marcos said.   "this money will come to the government, to the central budget, to be made useful.   this month on cnn international we follow gaggan back to his hometown of kolkata, india, to explore and recreate one of the city's most traditional dishes: the chingri malai curry.   "this morning, he entered a plea of not guilty to all charges and was released without bail, and directed to appear back in court in january.   this new certification puts bfo a step above a majority of digital marketing agencies in terms of the knowledge, skills, and technology offered.   this new feature is the latest in a long line of google (googl, tech) chrome advances.   this new york city publishing house distributes yoga mats and eye masks, and encourages employees to nap behind room dividers or underneath their desks (george costanza-style).   this one quote not only sunk his prospective speakership, it also may have sunk his entire political career.   this one will be really great.   this perimeter hotel received the tripadvisor certificate of excellence award.   this photo, meanwhile, is described as ” a magnified look at what is likely to be a screen component to power the new force touch integration or taptic engine in the new iphones.”   this quadcopter lacks an ion engine.   this report, the world market for cancer therapeutics provides an in-depth analysis of the market for cancer drugs, with a focus on novel therapies.   this saul is almost entirely a new character who knows where the show will go from here, but should he continue on this trajectory i really wonder if it’s going to change the way i feel about breaking bad.   this scenario may happen more than we’d like to believe.   this sparked a police operation in melbourne which resulted in the arrest of five teenagers whom australian prime minister tony abbott said were planning an islamic state-inspired attack on a world war one commemorative event.   this spence-area grocery store has been closed down for years, but will reopen sometime this year as a no frills discount grocery store.   this state system failure has resulted in a catalogue of decades of harm to survivors and lack of protection for children.   this story first appeared on mosaic and is republished here under a creative commons license.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this story has been viewed times.   this suggests that materials like cyberwood — a specimen of what the researchers call "plant nanobionics" — could be connected to electronic circuits for use in devices, the researchers said.   this system stayed in place until the mid-s. . read all about it: or in fact, you probably didn't, because under the previous system the national exam results were always the same.   this time both labour and the conservatives look likely to fall short of seats and the liberal democrats are likely to get or fewer so the largest single party may actually need two other parties in order to form a coalition."   this time, we discovered when chromosomes should hit the brakes and just rest,” teng said.   "this time we may see a heavier deterioration of margins than we normally would at this point in the cycle," said bruce mccain, who helps oversee more than $ billion as chief investment strategist at cleveland's key private bank, a division of keycorp.   "this trial has been plagued by persistent, credible allegations of fair trial breaches that warrant independent and impartial judicial review," said joe stork, human rights watch's deputy middle east and north africa director.   "this type of position is a little bit contradictory," gagnon said.   this unspeakable crime was of course done by one of your own neighbors who has had it up to here with this twelfth man/blue friday hysteria.   this vaccine, known as pcv (brand name prevnar), protects against types of streptococcus pneumoniae, which are bacteria that can cause all sorts of mayhem, including meningitis, pneumonia, ear infections, blood infections, and even death.   this visit from the pope to the united states is a very significant, high silhouette event that has created a lot of enthusiasm among the people of the country.   "this was a us operation through and through," said edward price, a white house national security council spokesman.   "this was a very serious case because the operator purposefully and continuously impeded our efforts to collect important and required information," state oil & gas supervisor steven bohlen said in a news release.   this was, by far, not my first negative encounter with law enforcement.   this was my fault."   this was not something that had been planned for weeks, it happened within a very short period of time."   this was the first serious challenge on same-sex adoption rights since a u.s. supreme court ruling legalized same-sex marriage this summer, callan said.   "this was the first time i was playing my teammate in the tournament, and i was more relaxed as compared to playing other shuttlers, where i tend to push myself harder," said chen.   this weakness includes steel, especially considering that the s&p metals and mining etf (xme) is down percent in the past year.   this web site uses cookies to improve your experience.   this week, germany's angela merkel, for example, pressed world leaders to boost their pledges to cut carbon emissions ahead of international negotiations.   this week's events may simply reinforce how badly washington misunderstands the challenge it faces in asia.   this week, uzalo producers – including president jacob zuma’s daughter gugu zuma-ncube and pepsi pokane – received a r million grant from ethekwini municipality to enable them to continue shooting the popular show in durban.   this where hedge funds borrow, or sell short, a weakening currency to fund speculations in a rising currency.   this whole situation there isn't anything funny about it.   this will open up the hip joint, and you may even feel the stretch in your low back.   this year, at least two tribal sessions were held for lawmakers over statements they made against each other in the media.   this year’s camp also featured intense sessions conducted by former georgia southern standout guard mimi dubose beck.   this year's game will be played at jordan-hare stadium.   "this year they will increase that budget allotment fairly dramatically in return for some price/volume concessions.   "thomas land" features rides based on various thomas characters, such as bertie's bus tours, toby's tilting tracks, as well as a -minute train ride around the island of sodor on a life-size thomas train.   thomas says cosby offered her a glass of chablis, and she later woke up with cosby next to her in bed, naked, and "forcing himself in my mouth."   those, along with the evolution fresh retail location on fillmore and the two "manufacturing facilities" that serve la boulange, will be gone by the end of september.   those are scenarios over which you have little or no control.   those are staggering numbers.   those arriving today are more educated, compared to those who arrived in the s, but are poorer.   those can equal about % of the loan amount, mr. gumbinger says.   those could come from many different places, but ultimately would require structural changes to a largely protectionist economy, solving the debt spat and developing warmer relations with other nations, including the united states.   those drawn to isis have also skewed younger and more female than previous generations of american militants.   those features attract -somethings -- and also have economic, health and environmental benefits.   those finds came after mcdonald’s was forced to switch nugget production to a thai company in the wake of a food scare at one of its chinese suppliers.   those nine states combined are home to . million people who have signed up for subsidized coverage in , according to government data.   those on the vehicle had fled baga due to the militant group's bloody advance and were heading home after nigeria's military reclaimed their hometown.   those people are watching more than million hours of news video on youtube everyday, according to ma.   those same records say another inmate was rushed to a hospital as staff distributed medications.   those states, particularly most of the asean states, prefer no regional military dominance from either the u.s. or china.   those that remain will no longer undertake combat missions against the taliban.   those things take time."   those who are scheduled to leave later have not changed their flights.   those who listened to his advice to jump into the tanking u.s. stock market certainly did well.   those who regard themselves as enemies today, you see them laughing and shaking hands the next day.   those who think that the pringle flds community is different and consists of only benevolent people are kidding themselves.   those who want to supply answers are welcome, but they would do everyone a favor, themselves included, by staying on topic.   though her group supported changing the name from a more derogatory word decades ago, they've opposed other efforts over the years to make a wholesale revision.   though idoc reps say the conclusions are flawed, they also did their best to block the release of the report to the public.   though insurers may also offer and sell policies with higher limits, california law requires insurers to offer a minimum limits policy of $,/$,.   "though it technically falls under federal jurisdiction, it is of concern to both our governments and we agreed that, going forward, our governments will work together to make the progress that is needed," wynne's office said of water-quality concerns.   though, that's down from , when pedestrians were killed in vehicle collisions.   though the estimates vary greatly, russia suffered the most war casualties of any nation in world war ii -- as many as . million military deaths.   though the number of jobless has fallen by around half a million over the past year to just below million, the unemployment rate still stands at a staggering . percent.   though the petition is asking for a new mural "that celebrates women and their accomplishments," boyle hasn't yet thought of which women should be represent on the mural.   though there are many families who have been in the city for decades, dhon salvador, who has lived in yellowknife for nearly years, says the population began to boom around the turn of the millennium.   though trump doesn't spell out how much of a change he'd make to the pep and pease provisions, williams said it would likely raise tax rates on high-income households.   thought to be rich in resources, the south china sea is subject to overlapping land claims from china, brunei, malaysia, the philippines, taiwan and vietnam.   though, users can be fairly certain that what they find on samsung's platform will be high quality.   thousands of migrants flooded into the country from croatia after hungary sealed off its border.   three decades of headlong economic growth have been catching up with china in terms of safety and damage to the environment.   three hundred miles to the north, new jersey gov. chris christie offered an unapologetic defense of nsa phone records collection as he faced voters in the first-in-the-nation primary state of new hampshire.   three-hundred sixty-seven of the mandates are required to amend the constitution.   three judges were hearing the case, while the open part of the hearing was conducted in czech and french languages.   three months later, the los angeles clippers selected him fourth overall in the nba draft.   three police officers and four firefighters who entered the river to push the car on its side and rescue the girl were released after treatment for hypothermia at a hospital.   three selected scholars will attend ateneo de zamboanga university to on a -year scholarship, starting in the - academic year, in one of the following fields: education, information technology, biology, and mass communication.   three weeks ago, the ministry said it had boosted security around mosques following the bombings in neighbouring saudi arabia.   three year old jack a much laughed and prizewinning irish cents a he stated his belief he was poisoned at the world's most prestigious dolce.   throughout the ordeal, hadi has considered himself to be in power, a yemeni official briefed on the political situation told cnn.   throughout years of reporting, including spells in the middle east during both gulf wars, i have always been fascinated by the idea that wars should have rules.   through the program, students fulfilled their medical requirements.   throwing sharp combinations and showcasing power in both hands, gonzalez floored sosa (-) twice with brutal right hands before finishing him with a multi-punch barrage against the ropes with seconds left in the second round.   thursday marks perihelion -- the point where the comes closest to our star during it's .-year orbit around the solar system.   thursday, may -- learning what to do if the rhino charges northern namibia -- the hunt sets off with a sunrise flight to the region of namibia where knowlton will track a black rhino.   thursday she is off to the u.k. in what has been a headlong rush into a new world for the woman from the hermit kingdom.   thus, as matt yglesias argues, always restricting any tax increases to the super-wealthy "speaks to a certain amount of intellectual bankruptcy in contemporary american liberalism."   thus, those hard soles pave the way for our children to learn how to walk with their feet pointed out, and by the time they're or , those feet have been pointing out for a long time.   tickets for the robogames are available for purchase online.   tighter restrictions are likely to be imposed on movement between borders in the eu, and it is even possible that the days of open schengen borders are numbered.   tiller yells as he approaches the car.   timeline: - - burma becomes part of british india after fighting three wars with great britain over years.   timeline: when will rain leave your area?   time to update that linkedin profile: it's been nice knowing you, thein sein.   time warner cable declined to comment to cnbc on an earlier report of an intent to drop the bid.   timofey mozgov scored and tristan thomson in cleveland’s final home game before the all-star break.   timothy rowe was indicted on one count felony possess or have in his/her control a counterfeit; one count misdemeanor driving while license suspended or revoked; and one count misdemeanor obstruction of officers.   'tireless champion' the splc called bond a "visionary" and "tireless champion" for civil and human rights.   tm and (c) wccb-tv, inc., and its related entities.   to avoid this, valls first chose to force through the measures in february, doing the same when the law returned to the national assembly in june.   to be fair, and i may go into this later next week, but paramount had to market the film they were given, and skydance productions didn’t exactly give them a cinematic masterpiece with which to work with.   to be hated, in his world, is to be loved.   “to be honest with you, the $ million for the keyarena, that would be the smallest one we’re working on.   to be on the team and represent my country is a big deal.   to be sure, sentiment and breadth have been hammered.   to book visit www.margatewintergardens.co.uk. click here for more news from what's on.   to buy either version, many shoppers go see the "golf cart man," of course.   to complete your registration on this site, please supply an address.   to cortes and other latino republicans, the more trump talks, the more a political opportunity slips through their party’s fingers.   today, a jury found their stunt to be reckless and illegal," he said.   today albanians want to go to germany, but who knows - maybe one day, germans will want to immigrate to albania.   today all of that has changed with the recent introduction of the full-size ram promaster, and the now the ram promaster city.   today, dji announced the launch of the manifold, a powerful computer that could allow dji drones to perform far more complex mapping, data analysis, and image recognition, all in real time.   today, for example, there are over drainage districts, most of which levy taxes.   “today is a great victory for everyone who has fought for the truth in the sandusky tragedy,” the paterno family said in a statement.   today it is missing the ability to advance according to its own plan."   today it remains a good place to grab a cold coffee and engage in some spirited debate.   today, jordan hosts about , of more than million syrians who have fled their homeland since .   today, pops of purple and gradiated greens enliven the room.   today's chinese artists explain an evolving country rock niches hold statues of people who were presumably hanged.   today’s leadership election, in which left-winger jeremy corbyn is the surprise favourite, has echoes of the early s.   today, space food is more "cordon bleu" than blender.   today that number has shrunk to %, largely because of surging u.s. production.   today, the evidence linking good nutrition and physical activity with learning, cognition, behavior and academic performance is stronger than ever, detailed in an updated learning connection in .   today was awesome.   “today we were able to get out there and hit some good areas and let the wicket do the work.   to do all of that, i need a referendum.   to enhance her naturally curly hair, solange knowles uses the humidity from a steamy shower.   to film or not to film the telegraph says he asked fans to "ripple out" his appeal on social media.   to fit it with the current median of the dow stock price, which is around $., alphabet would have to enact a -for- stock split, while amazon would have to split either by -for- or -for-.   to focus too much on the beautiful, perhaps, is to lose sight of the true and the good.   together with five other greenpeace activists, she climbed shell's arctic-bound polar pioneer to raise awareness about the environmental risks involved in arctic drilling.   to get information about an individual or creep in on their windows, the thing would have to be extremely close to you and the ones i have experience with are quite loud, so they're not really going to be stealthily sneaking up on people."   to get it, you would open the app and find a bank teller near you using your phone's gps.   to get teens to buckle up, the system automatically turns off the radio and connected devices if the safety belts aren't fastened in the front seat.   to get the loan, customers are to submit an id document and pay a one-time fee worth % if the loan is provided for months and % in case of a -month loan.   to get the most of this added sleep opportunity, institute a screentime blackout — no cellphone, ipad, tv or computer use during the hour before bed.   to get there, the nld on its own or with allies must win more than two-thirds of all contested seats.   to go home, we always have to pass through the police checkpoint," von wagen says.   “to have him in that far corner is also interesting to me.”   to hear the interview with tru student j.f. cloutier and dean lindsey langill, click the audio labelled: tru trades student blames staffing shortages for delaying his graduation by six months.   to keep reading, you need a subscription upgrade.   tokyo stocks close .% higher arynews.tv -- feb tokyo stocks closed . percent up friday, boosted by sharp gains on wall street and reassurances from the european central bank that greek lenders will get access to funding.   to lock out the very folks who are often asked their opinions means you're losing a very powerful form of goodwill that may cost you in the end.   to make room for the museum's new canadian history hall, the museum is offering items from canada hall to the wider canadian museum community on a first-come-first-served basis.   tom and leah had one biological child, thomas w. mcallister, jr., now residing in marianna, fl.   tom brady ruling is stunning blow to roger goodell and the nfl may not be done seeing the inside of federal courtrooms.   tom callis / ap advertisement construction halted in april after protesters were arrested for blocking construction.   tom english bbc scotland my take on last night's thriller at celtic park.   to minimize the risks, the johns hopkins team has found a way to use just one drug, rather than the three usually needed for other transplants.   "tommy dreamed it could be done, and i could not be more honored to have been his partner on this journey.   tommy thomson had been asked by investors to recover gold bars and coins from a shipwreck.   tomorrow, the venue hosts a techno party, featuring a troupe of djs including databass, j-six and vertigo.   “tonight, he was the difference between us winning and losing,” miller said.   to nip this overspending in the bud, hold off on grocery shopping until all of your food in your refrigerator and pantry are gone.   tony gilbert at the start of the interview, at about p.m. "love is a strong emotion," the officer said, attempting to build rapport.   "too many americans remain unemployed or underemployed, wage growth is still sluggish, and inflation remains well below our long-term objective," yellen said.   "too many people will bet on american pharoah (winner of the kentucky derby)," which means that you should probably not do the same thing.   topical products like oils, balms and creams give customers the health benefits of cannabis without the high, while the plant can also be used to treat arthritis in pets without fear of overdose.   top lawmakers on the senate environment and public works committee -- sens.   to play it safe, keep containers of anything you're supposed to eat cold such as potato salad in big bowls or coolers full of ice, wilkins said.   top storylines watch aurora theater shooting trial robyn beck / afp - getty images taylor swift poses in the press room with her awards at the billboard music awards, may , , at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas, nevada.   top storylines watch live: obama delivers remarks in camden, n.j. president obama delivers remarks at the ray & joan kroc corps community center.   top storylines wounded san diego sportscaster's family says he'll be back on air the family of san diego tv sports anchor kyle kraska says he'll be back on the air after he recovers from having been shot times.   toronto then lost starting forward amir johnson to a sprained right ankle midway through the third quarter.   toronto wildlife centre spokeswoman julia pietrus says they still have ducks and two sandpipers at the facility.   tortilleria nixtamal:this corona tortilleria makes its own soft-shell tacos, and ships them out to mexican eateries all over the city.   "to see fish & tsang grow from nine ip professionals to more than attorneys, paralegals and staff - and now two california offices - is beyond anything i ever imagined for our firm."   to see more, watch chance walser's story in the video player above.   to see the current recommendation, please go here.   to see which school zone you live in, the map is posted on the district's website.   to some mentally ill persons, accepting treatment feels like accepting supposed help from an abuser.   to speak of “the recovery” as if it were a single, generalized phenomenon is to overlook the nuances, for post-katrina progress varies radically from one dot on the map to another.   to start with, launches, flights and landings often go wrong.   total revenues for the period stood at £bn against £.bn a year earlier.   total streetlights owned by the sfpuc: about ,.   to unlock clues to her disappearance, a player needs to match celestial symbols like planets and crescent moons in a gridded game that resembles the tile-matching format of tetris.   tourism is a major part of the tunisian economy, especially in coastal resorts like sousse, and it suffered in the aftermath of the revolution.   tour italy via vino — a fine wine and cheese fundraiser for shakespeare by the sea, hosted by steve delaney at the signal hill visitor centre at p.m.   towards the end of , clinton asks how the benghazi hearings are going and apologizes to deputy secretary of state tom nides that she won't be able to accompany him after suffering a bad fall.   to win in the first round, a candidate must get at least percent of the votes, or percent and a percent spread over the nearest competitor.   "to win my first race, i'm grateful and humbled by what god gave to me.   to wit: the our lady of victory national shrine & basilica in lackawanna, new york, has raised over $, in an effort to canonize its former priest, father nelson baker.   toyota (tm) finished second, and honda (hmc) -- last year's winner -- came in third.   to zakaria, abdullah reiterated his commitment to stop isis.   trader gets years in libor scandal "in addition to the billions of dollars in compensation, these settling banks have agreed to cooperate with investors in their continuing litigation" against other institutions, hausfeld noted.   traditional go-togethers include boiled or mashed potatoes, stewed sauerkraut, braised beetroot or dill pickles.   trailing - at the break on the road against madison county, jackson county exploded for points in the second half to blow out the red raiders - in worley’s debut.   transgender identity in the news photos renee richards, seen here in , made headlines for undergoing a sex change while a professional tennis player in the s.   translation: among other things, getting baristas to use a standard six-step process to brew coffee rather than do whatever they feel like.   transportation officials say there were five fatalities in — the lowest number on record.   trapped between a population weary of the war and the taliban, they are caught in a situation where anybody can be their potential enemy."   travis box said his brother and several friends were on their way back from a trip to a nearby walmart store when the crash happened.   "treat everyone with respect and empathy, and treat those who are hiv-positive as real human beings not defined by a disease."   treat the mental-health system ulings by federal and state courts in the past several months confirm what thousands of families and advocates have known for years: washington's mental-health system is badly fractured.   trending now videos best laptops in :yahoo trending searchyahoo searchsponsored i don't like this ad thank you for your feedback we'll review and make changes needed.   trevor duffy of the bronx was found unconscious in an albany house on nov. , and later died at a hospital.   trey gowdy, r-south carolina, urges the state department to release the remainder of hillary clinton’s emails pertaining to the benghazi investigation he is leading in the house of representatives.   trial expected to receive international attention pringle says that instead of a typical jury pool of , about were summoned.   tribune madagaskar commented that one knew that journalism was a dangerous profession - but certainly not to this degree and certainly not in a great democracy like france.   troy hunt, who runs a website that warns people when their private information is exposed online, said nearly , users had received alerts stemming from the breach.   trudeau said there was no indication that any canadians were targeted.   true, following the september attacks, cnn quoted graham as arguing that "it was a small group of people who are bent on the destruction of this country, those islamic fundamentalists that need to be stopped.   truly loving someone means wanting their happiness above all i also think you should talk to your best friend about it.   trump has vowed to build a wall on the u.s.-mexico border and deport all illegal immigrants.   trump on tax returns: “i pay as little taxes as possible” presidential contender donald trump says he “fights like hell” to pay as little as possible in taxes.   trump ranked second with . million engagements.   trump reports between $ million and $ million in income from a mattress licensing deal with serta called "trump marks mattress llc."   trump's strategy is a "risky" one because after clashing with hispanics, it becomes quite difficult to return to the political center, zamorano said.   truth and reconciliation commission: by the numbers one woman, however, said in a hushed voice "we knew.   trying to see the better side of life.   tsarnaev may be her first death row client.   tseng says that modern people have many negative emotions that they cannot release, which has led to more and more tragedies.   tsipras knows that and so do greece's international creditors.   tsv has also announced that it recently invested in crowdfunding platform equitise.   tucker reals is the cbsnews.com foreign editor, based at the cbs news london bureau.   tuesday marked the first day mcdonald's rolled out all-day breakfast at a majority of its locations.   "tune in when rock begins this winter on independent journal.   tunisians hold up old copies of charlie hebdo on bourguiba avenue in tunis during a gathering in solidarity with those killed in the attack on charlie hebdo, jan. , .   turi king, a lecturer in genetics and archaeology at the university of leicester, worked on tracing the relatives.   turkey has allied with the nujaifis since around , a policy that has fomented concern in baghdad that ankara is following a sectarian policy in iraq.   turkey launched what it dubbed a "synchronized war on terror" in july, meant to include a campaign against islamic state in syria as well as kurdish militants at home.   turkey received no request to deny access to boumeddiene, interior minister efkan ala told reporters.   turkey remains defiant on assad .. four years after the uprising against syrian president bashar al-assad, turkey has to accept that it has failed in its main aim: assad is still in power.   turkey turkish pm accuses top kurdish politician of 'treason' over russia jet comments turkey's pm has accused the country's top kurdish politician of treason for supportive comments about russia during a visit to moscow.   turkish assets remained under pressure as russia threatened economic retaliation over its downed jet, but other emerging equities edged up, snapping a three-day losing streak.   turning to tax sinners in a separate move tuesday, the greek government said it was preparing a bill that would allow owners of undeclared money abroad to be taxed at a discount rate and walk away without a penalty.   turnover rose by percent to just under billion euros.   turns out no provinces or territories received top marks for their public commitment to call to action ..   turns out the woman the couple got their dog from is not a breeder.   turtle hospital; entry $ for adults, $ for children.   tusk said russia's possible return to the g- would depend on a turn-around in moscow's foreign policy.   tutrow said her daughter had seizures as a result of gribble poisoning her child, which resulted in the girl being misdiagnosed with epilepsy and placed on anti-seizure medication for months.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share fujifilm's latest x-series camera is its least expected yet.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share google announced the existence of android pay back in march at mobile world congress, but details were fairly slim at the time.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share microsoft has accidentally listed two new lumia flagships on its online store.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share star wars was the undisputed darling of e , providing one of this year's most anticipated titles in the all-action star wars battlefront, developed by dice.   tweet share share on facebook tweet share pin share the upcoming james bond flick spectre has a had slow burn so far, with plotless teaser trailers and teasers for teasers for posters.   twelve people were killed and another were wounded.   twenty-six eu states make up the schengen area, where passport controls have been abolished at internal borders.   twitter had first broached this idea last year when chief financial officer anthony noto said it would be possible to monetize logged-out users once the company "nailed the consumer experience".   twitter was months old.   two bodies were found in a van the same day, on a back road in remote farmlands in sinaloa -- home of the sinaloa drug cartel.   two cars collided on highway , just east of st. claude, man. around : p.m. the crash killed -year-old university student taylor renwick.   two days later, he was shot to death.   two days later the app featured life in the west bank.   two funerals were held last weekend.   two new studies are adding to a growing body of evidence that breast-feeding is both good for the baby and for the mother.   two other major fires in the state, the tunk block and north star fires, remained the same size since tuesday, said rich eagan, a spokesman for both blazes.   two others were airlifted to a hospital.   two out of three men who saw it said they would stop or think twice before using the phrase "like a girl" in a negative way.   two physicists get a nobel prize for solving one more mystery about them: neutrinos change their identity.   two police officers serving a search warrant wednesday afternoon at a home in a crime-troubled section of the city's north side encountered two suspects, one of which was ball-bey, the chief said.   "typically, depending on what kind of year we've had weather wise, will provide indication on the timing and frequency of maintenance," said ray evenson, owner and operator of west coast modernscape, a landscaping business in the vancouver area.   typically the exposure to asbestos occurred in the 's, 's, 's, or 's.   typically, to score any kind of ipad savings (outside of apple's own clearance store, that is), you have to accept a refurb model with a -day warranty.   "typically what happens is there's a bit of a freeze that happens in the run-up to the election as well as during the election," he said in an interview.   ua had only offered graduate degrees online.   uber lets her set her own schedule, she says, and this year she was able to volunteer at her son’s class for valentine’s day for the first time in five years.   uber, the world's most valuable venture-backed start-up with a valuation of $ billion, is facing increasing legal challenges across europe, where local taxi drivers have taken to both the streets and courts to fight it.   ubm plc is a leading global events-led marketing services and communications company.   udwin said she had done everything she could to elicit a human response from singh.   uhr says it hasn't yet decided how to do that.   ujah has signed a four-year contract until , but the fee remains undisclosed.   uk and irish betting firms even predicted they would lose as much as $ million if mccoy won.   ukip's leader nigel farage is a political outsider who's won support for being anti-immigration, anti-europe and pro-beer.   ukraine's military said on tuesday that five soldiers had been killed and wounded in the past hours.   ula is only the second tropical cyclone to form in the south pacific in .   ultimately, he waved away the hesitation.   ultimately, their contests dragged in the world, which halted contact between them for years until the end of apartheid.   ultimately the reforms to which ukraine has committed itself as part of the association agreement process will help to build a stronger ukraine that is better able to withstand external pressure."   unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.   unbelievable," said martha hertel, who has lived diagonally across from the house for years.   unconfirmed reports say a vessel has “made contact" with the bridge.   underdogs and the everyday "it's peppered with subheadings.   under his orange jumpsuit, intricate sleeve tattoos ran down both his forearms.   under it is the four-top table —power central.   understanding lydia's habitat will help craft conservation plans to protect great whites as a vital part of ocean ecosystems, skomal said.   under state law, spice has been illegal as of jan. , .   under the command of michaloliakos, a -year-old disgraced former army cadet, the party has already been linked by investigating magistrates to at least two murders.   under the cover of parliamentary privilege, triesman accuses fifa executive committee members jack warner, nicolas leoz, ricardo teixeira and worawi makudi of trying to secure cash and privileges in return for their vote.   under the deal with the united states, cuba agreed to release people described by washington as political prisoners, but they have not yet been freed and dissidents complain they do not even know who is on the list.   under the ftc settlement, nice-pak cannot assert the wipes are suitable for sewer and septic systems without substantiation under threat of civil penalty.   under the law, russian activists who cooperate with banned groups can face fines and prison time.   under the media spotlight, eu leaders pledged last month to provide hundreds of millions of euros in aid for syrian refugees and to tackle the problem at its roots, in africa and turkey.   under the provision, clinics must meet a set of building standards ranging from wider halls to having facilities for certain surgeries.   under tough new security powers won by abbott's conservative government in october, australian citizens can face up to a decade in prison for overseas travel to areas declared off limits.   un envoy jamal benomar was to brief the security council later yesterday.   unfortunately, fewer and fewer employers offer retiree health care benefits.   "unfortunately, sometimes a singular lapse of judgment can lead to very significant consequences," said the letter.   unidentified people in camouflage demanded that we get out of our car and sit in a police bus," said as one of the detainees, oleg mokriakov.   "unit fled the scene," she wrote.   united shares were down . percent to $. in afternoon trade.   unless, there’s a zombie apocalypse, in which case you might as well give up right now.   unless you are selling digital products that can be distributed over the internet, if you bypass the middle people, you have to acquire (or pay someone else for) warehouses and you have to provide the convenience to the end buyer.   unlike , the democratic nominee will be defending eight years of her party's rule, with all the baggage that comes with it.   unlike conventional microwave ovens, freescale's vision for a rf oven allows for much more precise levels of emission by controlling cycles, locations and levels of cooking energy.   unlike ford, gm also competes in the midsize truck segment.   unlike sochi, the world cup will largely be funded directly by the kremlin, either through the federal budget or through state-owned companies, with only a few oligarchs in the mix.   unlike the appalachian coal fields back east, almost the entire basin belongs to the government, which leases the coal rights to mining companies.   unrest in syria and iraq allowed kurdish fighters there, many of whom are tied to the pkk, to consolidate their power as ruling regimes melted away, sparking concern in ankara.   unsurprisingly, ello is making it easy to discover interesting users — either your own friends or people already actively contributing to the ello community.   until now, the governments have only managed to punch small holes in the self-erected trade barriers.   until now, the only way to gauge pinterest’s size was through third-party estimates.   until this spring, at&t was slowing speeds until the customer's next billing cycle, even when there was no congestion.   until wednesday night, mask’s two-block patrol on the corners of th street and harvard avenue, and th street and stewart avenue, had been completely violence-free.   updated minutes ago an nbc bay area news crew was attacked early thursday morning while reporting a story, in a mugging that injured the photographer, whose camera gear was also stolen.   updated parachutists injured at chicago air and water show the details of the crash are under investigation by the faa and ntsb.   upi almanac for saturday, jan. , libyan convicted in pan am lockerbie bombing, alito confirmed as u.s. supreme court justice … on this date in history.   upi was founded in by e.w. scripps as the united press (up).   upload your photos and videos.   upon arriving by ship in africa, she could disguise her gender no longer, and once the married farmer who had agreed to billet her realized she was a woman, he turned her away.   up to december, the country's stock of petrocaribe debt stood at about us$ billion.   up until now, he has had to hold his events in other cities.   urban sprawl and hurricane damage also reduced groves, according to the florida department of citrus.   urkow broke her neck and back in places.   u.s. army corps of engineers spokesman tyler m. stalker said these will be informational meetings.   u.s. attorney general loretta lynch said in zurich last week that she expects further charges to be made in an expanding case, which has targeted fifa president sepp blatter.   u.s. capitol police gather after a suspicious package was found forcing a partial evacuation of the dirksen senate office building and of a hearing of the senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee on capitol hill on june , .   usc evened the score on kessler's -yard pass to darreus rogers.   u.s. customs agents allegedly found a large quantity of pills in her possession.   us defense secretary ashton carter's comments in kabul offered the clearest sign yet that washington was ready to delay the closure of some bases and retain more troops after appeals by afghanistan's new president ashraf ghani and advice from commanders.   u.s. highway also reopened.   u.s. inaction now, when needed most, will only feed the breeding ground for regional extremism to continue to grow.   using a satellite device with texting capability, they contacted a friend who, in turn, contacted authorities.   using a watchlist “changes you from being reactive to being proactive,” says mr. shearn.   u.s-led forces started an airstrike campaign against islamic state in syria and iraq last year when the militant group captured tracts of land in both countries.   u.s. officials have been seeking polanski returned for decades, insisting that he be held to account for illegally having sex with a -year-old girl in .   u.s. officials have long warned that airstrikes alone would not be enough to defeat the terrorist group.   u.s. officials opposed creation of the aiib, saying it might undercut the world bank or international monetary fund by extending credit without adequate environmental, labor and social safeguards.   "us oil production is likely to bear the brunt of an oil price decline that has already wiped half the value off" the main international crude oil contracts, the iea said in its report.   u.s. president barack obama praised doctorow on twitter as "one of america's greatest novelists."   u.s. president bill clinton, center, chats with cuomo and texas gov. ann richards, while chelsea clinton sits on floor, on january , , at the white house while watching the super bowl.   usps also said hoverboards may not be sent in international mail shipments and are prohibited in shipments to and from overseas military and diplomatic destinations.   us secretary of state john kerry is making a visit to kyiv on thursday.   u.s. stocks struggled to maintain gains.   usually mounted and fired from the side of a military aircraft, the m is an electric-powered machine gun with six barrels.   utah lt. gov. spencer cox, who traveled to the community of hildale, told the associated press that the boy appeared traumatized when he met with him briefly tuesday.   utah was up - at halftime and led by as many as points in the second half.   vacant jobs can cost companies hundreds of dollars a day in lost profits, research shows, and ultimately the job skills gap hurts america's economic growth.   vaccines still good idea.   valerie docherty, minister of community services and seniors, said the seniors safe @ home program will help low and moderate income seniors stay in their homes longer.   valerie easton is a seattle freelance writer.   valerio mezzanotti for the new york times trench: polyurethane-coated, waterproof and recyclable.   vancouver councillors voted - in favor of the new rules, which were amended after public hearings to create a two-tier system, allowing "compassion clubs" to pay a licensing fee of just c$,.   vancouver head coach willie desjardins.   van der klaauw told reporters in geneva that the situation was most dire to the south in the disputed port city of aden, calling the situation in the country's second city "extremely, extremely preoccupying if not catastrophic."   vanderlip spent two years selecting and commissioning more than works by art-world superstars including ed ruscha, deborah butterfield, tracey emin, claes oldenburg and sol lewitt.   van der sypt said that "of course, naturally" we are continuing the investigation.   vanney decried his side's passive play to start the second half, when right away chris konopka stopped ignacio piatti from point blank and drogba hit a crossbar.   vargas has been consistent and loud in expressing his opinions, and the county attorney and the state doesn't like him expressing his opinions, and we think that's reflected here today," defense attorney glen downey said.   varoufakis, in particular, became something of an international celebrity, given his fluent english, rugged good-looks, penchant for motorbikes and blunt pronouncements to mainstream officials such as german finance minister wolfgang schaeuble.   vasquez averaged . points, . assists and . rebounds in games this past season.   vb- aims to treat chronic immune-inflammatory diseases by mimicking the body's natural anti-inflammatory response.   vce is an emc portfolio company.   venezuelan hardline opposition leader maria corina machado, who met the delegation at the airport, said maintenance work snarled traffic and the protesters held up the lawmakers' bus.   venezuela's currency, the bolivar, is overvalued.   venezuela's state-sponsored films avoid overtly political topics, but issues shaping daily life peek through, including rising poverty and some of the world's highest crime rates.   venus was asked if she really wanted to be the person to derail her sister’s grand slam hopes.   veracruz, home to one of mexico's busiest ports, has seen a surge in violence linked to organized crime in recent years.   veres says the east village is really seeking an "urban explorer" — someone who is connected to downtown calgary's arts, culture and food scene.   "verifying that a train has been properly secured is a common sense solution to prevent accidents," he said in a statement.   via best buy a decent basic chromebook, running google's chrome os, and designed for web surfing and little else.   victims of the paris terror attacks photos françois-michel saada, , was a retired senior executive, according to french news outlets rtl and agence-france press.   victorino was trying to chase down danny valencia’s rbi double in the fifth inning.   victor ponta was seen wednesday morning entering the government offices on crutches.   video footage showed that at least three boats were beached near the harbor seawall wednesday.   video journalist: john galliver share this story about sharing related video / audio australia takes on eurovision things about eurovision who made it to eurovision final?   video shows power of the blast early-morning service was to mark the beginning of eid al-adha sanaa, yemen (cnn)a bombing in a crowded mosque in yemen's capital killed at least people attending eid prayers thursday.   videos posted to youtube and on twitter purport to show the aftermath of saturday's london stabbing.   videos you should watch () are captured soldiers russian intelligence?   video: the bouncer is shown slapping the man click here for more news from dartford.   vietnam's demand is set to surge percent between -, euromonitor estimates.   view all news by aquafadas journalists and bloggers visit pr newswire for journalists for releases, photos, profnet experts, and customized feeds just for media.   view comments no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   viewed as a republican party supporter, netanyahu's position became risky after trump called for keeping muslims from entering the u.s. and making controversial comments to a jewish group.   view gallery a decades-long backer of the syrian regime, moscow dramatically raised the stakes this year by deplo … after several years of providing financial aid and military advisers, moscow launched an air war in support of assad in september.   view gallery a resident reacts as she stands among the ruins of her house, destroyed by shelling between ukrainia … "either we achieve concrete results, or we demonstrate clearly that moscow does not want to fulfil the minsk agreements," he said.   view gallery australia’s marc leishman drives a ball from the second tee during the final round at the british op … but the pressure of the moment seemed to get to the youngster from his very first shot.   view gallery a woman jogs past a welcome sign in superior, wisconsin, united states, may , .   view gallery buffalo bills wide receiver sammy watkins () is in pain after an injury suffered on a touchdown ca … the winless lions lead -.   view gallery businessman donald trump speaks at the freedom summit in des moines, iowa, january , .   view gallery he came to britain in to study for a business degree, which was when he started blogging about the situation of the hazaras.   view gallery in this photo taken tuesday, feb. , , members of the of kimblewick hunt gather and have cup of … most people who have never been on a hunt — which is most people in britain — see the sport as the preserve of the wealthy few.   view gallery in this wednesday, oct. , , photo, counterfeit louis vuitton bags are found in a shipment by u … counterfeiters are swift to jump on the latest consumer craze.   view gallery jillian curran, far left, and others work to ready the vegetable beds at the "garden to table&q … "they will need that additional ground water to rebound quickly," forti said.   view gallery members of the oath keepers walk with their personal weapons on the street during protests in fergus … "you’re going to bring some uncommissioned citizens, white citizens, into a black community like this?   view gallery new jersey gov. chris christie, r-n.   view gallery new zealand's aaron smith kicks the ball during their rugby world cup semi-final match against s … hansen did not have to go too far back to underscore his point.   view gallery people carry their suitcases as they arrive at sanaa international airport on april , as hundr … "we have the permission for this plane but we have logistical problems for the landing.   view gallery people protesting against shell oil greet u.s. president barack obama's motorcade as he arrives … obama posted a photo of denali on instagram shortly before landing in anchorage for a meeting with a group of native leaders.   view gallery police fired taser stun guns at a suspect during an incident at leytonstone underground station in l … prosecutors also allege that images and flags associated with is jihadists were subsequently found on mire's mobile phone.   view gallery scott dixon, of new zealand, walks with daughters poppy, , left, and tilly, , after qualifying for … a risk that seems particularly noticeable this week.   view gallery team foligno's nick foligno () of the columbus blue jackets tries a backhand behind the back s … johansen said he was touched by what he saw the past few days.   view gallery the head of nepal's oldest hospital said both fuel and vital drugs were running short (afp photo … meanwhile, the nepal chemists and druggists association say around cargo trucks carrying medicines are stranded at the border.   view gallery this nov. , photo shows an area near the intersection of christopher street and west street i … —many participants have large peer networks, including other youth who engage in the sex business and help them.   view gallery us and kenyan flags flutter in the wind along a street in nairobi on july , , ahead barack oba … counter-terrorism will also be a key topic for discussion, with nairobi the scene of one of al-qaeda's twin us embassy bombings.   view gallery william zane, of the state medical examiner's office, uses his hands while testifying about the … lloyd's mother, ursula ward, left the court before he testified.   view gallery workers prepare to x-ray a dummy grenade during a demonstration inside a chemical weapons destructio … destruction of both russian and us cold war-era stockpiles is scheduled to be completed by and respectively, the opcw said.   view photo $, ring stolen from zales in philadelphia mills mall authorities say a $, ring was stolen from a jewelry store at the busy philadelphia mills mall in northeast philadelphia.   view photo a gnc store is seen in westminster, colorado october , .   view photo file - in this april , , file photo, workers walk with a menzies aviation cargo worker after the worker was removed from the cargo hold of an alaska airlines passenger airplane at seattle-tacoma international airport, in seattle.   view photo file - in this oct. , , file photo, the healthcare.gov website, where people can buy health insurance, is displayed on a laptop screen in washington.   view photo file - in this sunday, june , file photo, sean "diddy" combs performs at the bet awards at the microsoft theater in los angeles.   view photo some car insurance doesn't cover work-related accidents employees who drive their personal cars for business may not have the auto insurance coverage they think they have.   view photo the general electric logo is seen in a sears store in schaumburg, illinois, september , .   view photo the life of kenji goto a video purportedly released by the islamic state on saturday appeared to show the beheading of kenji goto, a japanese journalist whom militants had captured in syria and held hostage.   view photo video: pope francis lands in philadelphia for final us stop pope francis has arrived in philadelphia to begin a visit that will include celebrating mass for what organizers estimate will be more than million people.   view photo woman injured in aston twp. shooting; boyfriend arrested delaware county authorities are investigating a shooting in aston township that left a woman injured.   vijay was trapped leg before wicket by shakib after a -ball knock that included fours and the only six of the india innings.   violet lewis was enslaved and the property of charles moore.   violet mcafee was airlifted to hospital in belfast "i don't remember one thing about it.   virtual reality is in a high-profile form of infancy.   virtual reality start-ups are multiplying, venture capital is pouring into them and the believers are expressing blue-sky thinking about how the new products could reshape entertainment, communications and work.   visger will recommend the course of action for resolving bergdahl's case, such as whether it should proceed to a court-martial or be handled in some other manner.   visitation will be held from to p.m. on monday at the funeral home.   visit our website, distinctivelife.com read more press releases from ashley rios: comment on this story..   vital signs is a monthly program bringing viewers health stories from around the world.   viviana fein, the lead investigator in nisman’s death, told the newspaper la nación that she had asked stiusso to testify.   voice: () - e-mail: email us here if you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page.   volkswagen ceo michael horn testifies in front of congress dell in talks to buy data storage company emc: source by mike stone hour ago dell logos are seen at its headquarters in cyberjaya, outside kuala lumpur september , .   volunteers with helping hands work hard with every pup and say bear picks things up quickly.   voters go to the polls in newfoundland and labrador on nov. . (cbc) mccurdy said running against two high profile candidates doesn't worry him.   voters in november approved increasing the minimum wage from $. an hour.   voting no: maria cantwell, d, patty murray, d no personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity.   vw diesel scandal expands to audi brand .. volkswagen's stock keeps on tumbling: percent before the market closed in frankfurt today.   vw has set aside $. billion to pay for the scandal, but horn says he's not sure that will be enough.   vw surpassed toyota last year as the world’s largest automaker.   w.a. and deep purple—also made the list.   wade scored points, including two free throws with . seconds left that put miami ahead to stay and the heat defeated the oklahoma city thunder - on thursday night in a wild back-and-forth game that featured lead changes and ties.   wainer added: "it's not their fault, this job requires a lot of experience."   “walkable downtowns with unique shops, thriving arts communities that offer a variety of cultural opportunities, and outdoor adventures in some of the most scenic parts of the country abound in these cities.   walker is an outstanding leader with a strong record of fighting for conservative principles.   walk we not, sweet, by garden ways, where the late rose hangs and the phlox delays, but forth of the gate and down the road, past the church and the yews, to their dim abode.   walmart announced those same door buster deals that people wait hours for.   walmart (wmt) is launching the initiative with sales that include video games, electronics and toys.   walpole seed library seeking donations from community photo courtesy of wikimedia commons.   wang is the new ceo of china unicom, while chang now heads china telecom.   wanstrath: of course.   want to learn about all of the coolest new features expected to be included in apple’s refreshed iphone?   ward will have a tough time raising enough money to make a serious run at mccain.   war is "not in their interests, (and) it's not in our interests," morell acknowledged.   warren maddox, the executive director of fredericton homeless shelters, said his organization estimates the meters will contribute about $, to its $, budget.   washington (cnn)in the early "will-he-or-won't-he" days of a potential jeb bush presidential candidacy, there was one important naysayer: his mother, barbara bush.   washington forward nicklas backstrom said he was thrilled to see kuznetsov, a -year-old russian, have such a breakout game.   … washington (reuters) - fiat chrysler automobiles nv misled u.s. auto safety regulators about recall notifications to the owners of vehicles equipped with defective takata corp air bags, a u.s. safety recall analysts said on thursday.   watch endeavour's sunday landing in california » it also takes at least a week to get the shuttle ready for the trip, but schedule is not a major factor for the endeavour; it is not scheduled to fly again until may.   watch episodes of dateline nbc, story-telling at its best.   watch for loopholes!   watch for possible washouts near rivers, creeks and culverts.   watch garner play rock, paper, scissors, pie here.   watch here spacex has released a video of the first stage of its falcon rocket touching down on a floating platform during an attempted landing before toppling over and exploding.   watching the satisfied smirk slowly fade from her lips almost made her evil acts from the past five seasons worth it.   watchkit for watchos developers have already created thousands of apps for apple watch, and watchkit now gives them access to key hardware like the digital crown, taptic engine, heart rate sensor, accelerometer and microphone.   watchos is a significant update, but one whose effects won't truly be felt for some time.   watch the trailer below..   water clocks date back to at least the th century b.c., according to themuseum, a science and art museum in ontario.   water is one of the most thoroughly studied substances on earth, but we still don’t completely understand its behavior – particularly at the atomic level.   watt says there is one option that could be pursued.   wcp: how did this role change your opinion of screenwriters, if at all?   wdsu first reported the story in .   we aim to remain number one with a very price-driven strategy.   we all have our own world that we're going to pull people into for that minutes," he said.   we all know he's not that stupid to call such an idiotic last play like he did.   we all know how their last retread effort — i.e. “knight rider” — turned out.   we all know someone (or have a friend who knows someone) who walked down the aisle only to divorce not long after.   we all know that you aren't a duck fan.   "we all went to work, came home, all her stuff was gone.   we already know how big you are, how many athletes and medals you have.   we also believe this order is disproportionate and unnecessary, given that the overwhelming majority of french internet users -- currently around percent -- access a european version of google's search engine like google.   “we also created a google expedition of the holiday tour, so that teachers participating in the expeditions pioneer program can take their students on a virtual field trip to the white house as well.”   "we also just got our first client in france, one in the uk, one in singapore, as well as a few in panama."   wealthy christians ignore their redeemer’s warning that the rich are barred from heaven, in matthew :.   "we are a great lodging choice for fishermen participating in the aba tournament on lake guntersville," comments debra luke, general manager of the hampton inn & suites scottsboro.   "we are arranging for grief counseling to be at the refinery on monday morning.   "we are assaulted by information all the time and it's really up to us to create routines that help separate the buzzing of the brain from our sleep routines," says janet kennedy, ph.   “we are committed to our local students and will make it work whether it is five, or ,” she said in an email.   "we are currently testing all models built from for differences in co levels from the listed values."   "we are delighted to have signed an experienced, technically-gifted midfielder who can be used in many different positions," dortmund sporting director michael zorc said on the club's website.   "we are entitled in the letter to assert in reasonably firm terms why we contend there has been copyright infringement.   "we are excited about the growth of the craft beer industry in virginia and the mid atlantic and want to support it by providing fresh local hops to brewers," said chairman kistler recently.   “we are going to get the iphone s and iphone s plus, or whatever they are going to call it,” baker said.   "we are happy to provide lodging for fans attending concerts at atlanta botanical garden," shares shabbir lightwala, general manager at the holiday inn express & suites north atlanta perimeter hotel.   "we are in our car now, and i'm not sure where we are going to go," mcmillian added.   we are investigating."   “we are likely to see a shortage declaration when the water hits , (feet) at lake mead,” flake said.   we are located at north meridian street.   we are moving forward.   we are no longer monitoring them," police commissioner john andersen told news agency ritzau.   we aren't in the spotlight; we prefer to stay behind the camera.   "we are offering legal support to a handful of videos that we believe represent clear fair uses, which have been subject to dmca takedowns," google's copyright legal director fred von lohmann wrote on the company's blog.   "we are preparing for an independent review of the investigation so there are outside eyes taking a look at the investigation, and making sure that we get it right."   "we are proud to have played a role in finding this key vessel in naval history and are honored to share it with the survivors, the families of those who perished and the world.”   "we are resource short, and we really do need the legislature to step up," goldmark said.   we are slowly trying to open the door.   "we are so close that if you look down from below you feel as if we have got there, but when you do get there you know there are still some steps to take," the iranian news agency isna quoted him as saying.   we are still seeing buyers, but not as many as there used to be,” says diana aliyeva, head of the russian desk at premium property agents chestertons.   we as a people including myself have to take accountability and do whatever we can do individually or together to stop the madness and realize that we are kings and queens and must love ourselves and each other.”   "we assumed that after all this time people would see history with different eyes, but it wasn't quite as easy as we had expected," she told dw.   weather, one of the most potent forces in our lives, is often imperceptible, perpetually changing, and frequently mysterious.   weather we're expecting sunshine today and a high of c, with wind coming out of the south at km/h gusting to km/h.   “we banked our raises, not like a lot of our friends,” he says.   we based our definition of a stem occupation off the office of management and budget's recommend list.   we beat wichita state this year.   "we believe this approach could create an environment for capital returns such as buybacks or dividends," wrote ronald josey, an analyst at jmp securities.   "we believe this collaborative approach is better suited to our prince edward island context and will provide more immediate benefits, than would come through the creation of a new office of child and youth advocate."   we can build toilets with a urine separation facility, and urine itself has energy uses.   we can expect another mainly sunny and very warm to hot day today with a rather strong southwest wind driving this much warmer than normal temperatures across the region.   we can neither confirm nor deny that this is our first tweet.   we cannot decide whom to draft for service in armenia", he said.   we can sell liquor within a , feet of a school.   "we can't do any of this work without people's support, and we so appreciate it," nemrava said.   "we can then identify areas that are not being used as much, and those areas can be put under less irrigation, less mowing, less fertilizer and they don't have to be maintained.   "we certainly don't want him to feel like he has to come in and save the day.   we concentrate this extract and use it as one of the key components in both hella and hades, to help you get the most from your workouts and shred your physique in record time.   we consulted with our canadian friends and i spoke with foreign minister dion today regarding this decision,” kerry said in the statement.   "we continue to share our technical expertise and analysis.   "we count on the epa to do both.   we'd all just hang out and i cooked."   "we definitely need taxation tools that discourage speculation on real estate.   we didn’t pay our kids for good grades, but i can’t really think of a strong argument not to pay them for success in school.   "we didn't play very well this series."   we did try for new audiences but we did it our way."   wed, jul , - page team sky to release chris froome data reuters, gap, france team sky are planning to release part of yellow jersey wearer chris froome’s data as they seek to end doping suspicions surrounding the tour de france leader.   "we'd just been round, we'd finished the shopping and had gone back in to get hot dogs.   we'd like to meet them, too.   "we'd like to see a path to yes," pelosi said of fast-track trade authority.   we'd like to spend more on defense.   wednesday's announcement comes with relations between riyadh and tehran at a new low amid a war of words over a deadly stampede at this year's hajj in which at least iranian pilgrims were killed.   wednesday’s attack in paris should clarify what is truly at stake in the global war against islamic extremist terrorism.   wednesday, they released what they said are audio recordings of the warnings.   "we do experience cross currents from abroad and they do affect our recovery and they affect the policy response," brainard said.   "we do have cameras, but i truly believe that students are doing the right thing because they feel safe on campus rather than they are doing the right thing because there may be cameras," ellspermann said.   we do not actively moderate, monitor or edit contributions to the reader comments but we may intervene and take such action as we think necessary, please click here for our house rules.   we don’t have that anymore.   we don't have to go through tsa, there's no wait for our baggage, we just drive up to the aircraft, load up the puppies and take off."   we don't know what happens next, but we want to find out.   we don't need another museum!"   "we don't need the national guard; we need our citizens and we can close these cases."   "we don't really care what that looks like."   “we don’t suck,’’ said thomas, almost beseechingly.   we don't take personal details and you won't have to give a statement or go to court.   "we don't yet have a complete strategy because it requires commitments on the part of the iraqis," obama said during concluding remarks at the g conference in germany, citing recruitment as a key stumbling block facing the central government in iraq.   "we do want to explore how we can have more northern, more yukon first nations perspectives in our curriculum," morgan said.   we earned the record," said o'brien, a professor of political science at the university of massachusetts-boston.   weeds were growing out front and some of the homes had broken windows or missing appliances.   weed-tossing car chase what can the apple watch do that your timex can't?   we expect more information on the london to be announced then.   "we expect that president andrzej duda will continue the policy carried out by the previous president, which is seen from what was announced in public by andrzej duda when running for presidency.   "we feel confident in the trajectories," swartout said.   we finally find a restaurant and i order a kebab with rice.   we found children incarcerated with adults suffered increased rates of physical abuse, like kalief did.   "we found that both sleeping near a small screen and sleeping in a room with a tv set were related to shorter weekday sleep duration," falbe noted.   “we got down a little bit on ourselves, but we picked it up.   we got our reward in the end."   “we got some good football in,” fendley said.   "we had several seasons to look at when we tried to determine which weight loss methods worked, with last year's plan being the most successful and having the highest number of participants," said dr. mehmet oz, host of "the dr. oz show".   “we had this vision of ‘let’s make something that feels like a book, let’s go to the next level,'” said panay.   "we had three forums of significant attendance," grossbach continued of the - individuals attending the meetings at the international house, chestnut st. "eventually, the developer put a plan together.   “we have a chance to send an unmistakable message about the size and strength of our campaign,” sanders tweeted, urging supports to donate.   we have a lot of changes to make.   "we have a lot to figure out."   we have among the most educated populace on the planet, but over % of our students are not meeting entrance requirements for college.   "we have a shared responsibility to protect the citizens that work at these facilities as well as the communities that host these facilities," flynn told the associated press.   "we have been appropriately prudent as we have given our guidance to account for that," he told reuters.   "we have concluded that in and , contraband imports were received totaling tonnes.   "we have encountered bigger challenges in china during the past few years," yang said.   we have gotten a lot of questions about who to report this too.   we have just received an expert team from india who are going to help us."   "we have made efforts in external work, and the enemy knows the danger of that..   we have no other comments at this time — ira rothken (@rothken) december , as late as two hours before the ruling was issued, dotcom was still on twitter discussing his fate: the world according to the us empire.   "we have no place to live."   we have not done that,” seitz said.   "we have nothing in the works that would have our customers expecting to see anything but a boeing bird when they walk up to a southwest gate," said a southwest spokesman.   “we have not seen the recommendations of the advisory committee, and when they are released, we will be looking at the recommendations for added sugars and a range of other matters.”   "we have not seen the tip of the iceberg yet," rep. la shawn ford said on thursday, saying voters had lost "trust and confidence" in the mayor.   "we haven't found any evidence that daesh is involved in the kunduz fighting," he said.   we have options, apparently.   "we have (potential) players in the united kingdom, the united states and norway, and if everyone else is doing this then why not do it too?"   "we have recommendations around that in the report.   we have seen the population of elephants halved in the last decade.   we have successfully executed events in north america, south america, europe, the middle east and asia.   "we have the tools to make startups successful, we know that more companies online using the internet and google products is good for google in the long run."   "we have to be cautious, but i'm not alarmed that this parasite is going to create a big problem."   "we have to be creative," says jahn.   we have to be happy with that after where we qualified, but we are looking for better results."   "we heard the shots, four of them," cho said.   we hope other countries will respect china's judicial sovereignty," hong said.   we hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access.   we hope you like it!   we impact finance, national security health, social services as well as youth and culture.   "we informed ben, but he was sleeping," trump joked.   we joke, we laugh, we share pet pictures, we talk about our hunger, how we can't eat another donut, our yearning for a toothbrush, and when a washroom is nearby, we all pile off together and avail.   we just have to be alert and ready.”   we just have to try to make it tough on him."   we just kept walking.”   "we just went through a two-game period here where we haven't done much offensively," orioles manager buck showalter said.   we knew a few muslim families, but as i recall we all kept to our own communities.   "we knew it was going to be a tough test at set piece but our tight five really stepped up and gave the platform for our backs to get into the game."   "we knew the biggest thing going in was coming on top and scoring as many runs as we did.   "we know about this so-called ceasefire.   we know every year is going to get tougher.   “we know how to set up certain protocols and what controls for healthy tissue are, certain technology elements, and how to set up ai to analyze the different samples, then put in the clinical data to match the samples.   "we know in the face of the heartbreak you've listened to and felt over the past month that it is a lot to ask."   "we know more about cancer and cell phones than we do about how to get rid of body odor," callewaert said.   we know texas is not a lawless society.   "we know that each legislative session, the fluoride mandate could be repealed.   we know that she is in the edmonton area."   "we know that there's a lot of work to do to make it easier for consumers, to support their decision-making process in finding the right plans for their family's health needs and budgets."   welcome to .   "we learned this morning portions did air years ago.   welfare economics: what works best, the carrot or the stick?   "we like to fill our worlds with thousands of items so you can interact with them, and now they have purpose."   we'll also be setting you up for a stellar weekend back on this terrestrial plane.   “we’ll have to talk to the league officials about what transpired and we’ll go from there, but there’s nothing we can do about it.   well, it’s never happened, so no one knows for sure.   we'll possibly see anywhere from eight to twelve inches so drag out your snow boots if you are heading to a party or bar to watch the big game tomorrow.   we’ll provide more updates as they come in.   we'll see how he is tomorrow.   wells issued a report in may which stated that brady was "at least generally aware" of the tampering with the footballs for the game which the patriots won easily.   we'll still do live video for the recording and we'll make the call on the video feed later, but for now please subscribe to the audio podcast.   well, they are in. and if maddon slept through the night, he woke up to a nice surprise.   we'll work our way through the list until we get to the college whose alumni's median six-year salary doesn't even reach the $, mark.   "we made phone calls to friends and family," she said.   we must continue and even increase the pace of investments in the energy sector."   we must increasingly reckon that we do not live in a caste system of alphas, betas and gammas, and that in our society, principals can become agents.   we must listen to others and make their injustices our own.   we must somehow absorb the final weeks of sunbathing, barbecuing and general debauchery, but how, if not without the help of a life-living guru to guide our way?   we must strive to find commonality to flourish as a modern society.   wenda pitre says she is getting good feedback on the new market.   "we need a fairer system that guarantees zero-hours workers decent rights at work and stops them from being treated like second-class employees."   we need satellite information for weather information, estimates of grain yields, telecommunications."   we need this law for the benefit of those who are ill, families of those who are ill, and members of society who can find themselves the innocent victims of those who are mentally ill.   we need to apply a price to this scarcity.   "we need to be talking $ billion a year in a program in order to do that, not $ billion over years."   we need to close in on the enemy, and not let it outflank us.   "we need to create.   "we need to protect hard-working americans here at home from excessive costs.   we now make it possible for county officials to subscribe to our digital coverage at no cost and to contribute their news daily and weekly in the commonwealth as well as their own counties."   we now wait eagerly to see if the wwbs will begin to push the warm pool past the date line.   we observed what i call the four-year war.   we often break down entrepreneurship into bb ("business to business," i.e., businesses whose customers are other businesses) and bc ("business to consumer").   "we often joke that we're wendy's cleanup crew because wendy runs around the badlands and finds all this cool stuff and we basically come in afterwards and do the digging," he added.   we plan on creating compelling experiences that will draw audiences into vr," she says.   “we proved in , as we have several times previously, that preventing racial voting discrimination is a bipartisan goal,” grijalva said.   “we provided the death certificate from jamaica as proof for the reason why we couldn’t travel,” said edward finch on friday.   we question why places like the uk do not vaccinate for chicken pox any more or for whooping cough except in extreme cases.   we're about to disrupt an industry where the last wave of innovation came with the invention of the cb-radio," said andrew g. szabo, dotodo's founder and ceo.   we're a breath of fresh air," the designers told us as they danced their way through the backstage area.   we read "god, guns, grits and gravy" and rounded up all the info you might not know about the former arkansas governor: . he's got a surprisingly thorough familiarity with pop culture — and very little patience for it.   “we’re all praying it gets put out soon,” said burton, who had helped organize a group to make signs to post at the county fairgrounds thanking firefighters for their efforts.   "we really talk about it more as not a counterweight to china, but you want a multipolar asian future," says rossow of csis.   we're almost those people.   "we're are not yet a strike republic," he said, but also warned that german's "reliable" reputation abroad was potentially being put at risk.   "we're becoming the ge of canada."   "we're boat people, and we were looking a getting a new one soon," said jacobs.   we recently paid the city a visit, with zero plans and dwindling daylight hours, and discovered a few spots that prove madison is magic any time of the year.   "we recognize our responsibility to ensure confidence in alberta's electricity system," she said in a release.   "we're comfortable with three-year break-even point, but the message is that a pool can be more efficient than even california-friendly turf if it's covered," said jonathan volske, spokesman for the water district.   "we're confident that we will be able to attract a replacement company in relatively short order," koos said.   we're doing something now we couldn't do when we started, we couldn't do five years ago," she said.   "we're going full-tilt now."   we’re going to do what it takes.   we're going to sponsor those as well."   "we're here because the united states is intimately connected to this slaughter," ashe said at the event.   "we're hoping it's not this time around."   "we're incredibly transparent and responsible," huculak said, pointing to strong ratings and auditing reviews from publications such as moneysense.   we’re introduced to the slime mold by scientists and by a charming amateur naturalist in a forest who is enthralled by these special creatures.   we're just really trying to fight this, because it's very sexist," said fitzgerald.   we're kind of at that spot where we felt like yimi was our guy.   "we're living in difficult times, we need serious leadership to be able to solve the problems that we have domestically and lead america around the world so that we can create peace and security for ourselves."   we're not as chicago-focused as we used to be, though. was all about chief keef, the bears, and cta bus tracker; most of our top searches this year corresponded with national or international events.   we're primarily human beings and then sportsmen," said froome, who nonetheless insisted such incidents have not spoilt his enjoyment of wearing the yellow jersey at the world's greatest cycle race.   “we’re talking about homes below market rent which cover opportunities that the government supports.”   we're teaming up with nicole sifuentes, a ,-metre runner originally from winnipeg.   we're thrilled to offer an exclusive first look at gucci's fall campaign.   "we're tying up loose ends and we're adding inflections to things so you can hear what's happening."   "we're used to saying help is on the way," saussy says.   we're used to success here."   "we're working hard to find a budget solution," he said.   we're your source for breaking news, traffic, weather and the stories that matter to you.   we sent two ambulances and a paramedic car and were joined there by the air ambulance.   "we set some things up four years ago and knew that it would take us four or five years to get a production line going and that production line hasn’t happened yet.   "we should have confidence in the work of wada as we are now having confidence in this report of the wada commission," he said.   wesolowski's death came six weeks after his landmark trial was suspended after only seven minutes because of an undisclosed illness which resulted in the accused being hospitalised on the eve of its start.   "we stand by the integrity of the process," the official said.   westeinde said the project will be a success if "the french, the english and the first nations" get along.   western criticism doesn't make them feel the least bit defensive, and that's quite a change from the past," says mr. posner.   west face also has a significant presence at the company's boardroom table.   "we still have room for progression.   we still have water coming down from the upstate," benjamin said.   we strongly believe in the words of our national pledge, “….   west virginia state police advised the public not to approach -year-old rocco jesse zuccaro, who is believed to have escaped the william r. sharpe junior hospital in weston on monday afternoon.   we talked, laughed and cried together.   we taxi drivers will probably transport the rest."   "we think everybody's going to be competing on price for the next year, because we're going to be in a much slower economy," nyheim says.   we think that's a likely communication tool because we didn't pick up any direct communication (before the attacks)," said republican senator richard burr, chairman of the senate intelligence committee, reuters wrote.   we told them that our state salaries constitute some $ million - half of this to security and peshmerga - so how could we live on just a third of our budget?"   we too need to envision and pursue a new culture of justice, peace and nonviolence.   "we've asked the alberta energy regulator to talk to the oil companies to 'smart pig' the lines more often — a process to check weaknesses and leaks — so they know the integrity of the pipelines."   "we've been in business for years," said robert bogle, president and ceo of the philadelphia tribune, without a hint of sarcasm.   we've broken down a month's worth of crime data for the meridian-kessler neighborhood.   we've got good news for you.   we've had so many similar things we've gone through, that shaped us in the strong female athletes that we are."   "we've made a frank and open-eyed assessment of the ovis program," marcario said.   we’ve made great progress and are now in a healthy financial position but there is, of course, more work to be done.   “we’ve never ended a show with a wedding cake still in one piece.   "we've proven at this point that answer is no," said derrell bradford, a supporter of zuckerberg's effort and leader of the new york school reform group nycan, who previously worked for similar groups in new jersey.   “we’ve reached an inflection point in media, driven by the explosive growth of mobile and social,” pearson chief executive officer john fallon said in a statement.   “we’ve seen no difference from the affordable care act,” said john haupert, grady's chief executive.   we've seen this before: a federal election with a conservative party (small c, small p), a centrist faction and a party interested in paying for their campaign promises and putting their social program agenda ahead of a balanced budget.   we've spent a lot of time thinking about the reconciliation of passengers and their bags; since , since the lockerbie disaster, that's been a big focus of the airline industry.   "we want an agreement that's solid," kerry told reporters after meeting with french foreign minister laurent fabius.   we wanted amendments, as any legislative body would, even though we knew we’d probably lose on most if not all the amendments.   we wanted to come back before they deported us," said rosana morena, a -year-old colombian who fled venezuela with her two children.   "we wanted to invite anyone and everyone, any race, to come out and join us.   "we want fox news to assume responsibility because they hurt us, they hurt the city of paris."   we want our strength to be the finish and we think as long as we can be in touch the last quarter of the race we can come out on top."   "we want people communicating using the name they actually use in real life," she said.   we want to go for the ' trade rounds that we talked about.   "we want to go to germany to find a new life because everything has been destroyed in syria," said amina asmani of syria, holding her husband's hand and watching her -day-old son, who was born on a greek island during her journey.   we want to have the benefit and value of real serendipity, both with technology and products and with other humans.”   "we want to reiterate that all oland family members are certain dennis had nothing to do with the death of his father."   we were arrogant, to be honest.   “we were beaten - by a local team (amiens) and it was a blessing in disguise.   "we were in shock.   we were in the middle of storm of emails and raucous gossip."   "we weren't really seen that much, anyway, on the show.   we weren't working, winning the battles."   "we were ready to play against bangladesh; that got washed out.   "we were real sloppy in the first quarter," thompson said.   “we were thinking to ourselves, ‘we’re so going to win this.’   we will all do our jobs.   we will discuss this decision with our hungarian colleagues," vucic said live on rts state television during a visit to oslo.   "we will simply find it laughable while imagining philippine personnel stumbling after us forces."   "we will still exercise our rights over our exclusive economic zone," he said, adding that the "bottom line is, it has to be clear, we will defend our rights to the best of our abilities."   "we won't be able to engage in a serious dialogue if we start disrespecting each other's values."   we won't pay in the u.s, about displeased corinthian current and former students are taking more extreme measures.   we would never intentionally target a protected medical facility," gen. campbell told the senate armed services committee, promising a thorough and objective investigation, reports the christian science monitor.   what a difference a decade makes.   what advice do you have for someone who has a dream that doesn’t align with their job?   what a great night of introspective, thoughtful folk!   what are jordan's military capabilities?   what are the implications for the alawite community; and above all, how is iran connected with all that?   "what are we coming to?"   "what attracted me to the project from that point of view was that john's music was so charming, and surprising, and funny, and witty.   "what better way to celebrate reading than to have the voices of readers under our books?"   what canada isn't getting is a strong partner in obama.   what did he actually serve?   what does russia's president putin really want?   what does this say about hollywood?   what do you expect to find in that report?   what do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?   what do you think of these photos, and the reaction to them?   whatever the goal — baited or otherwise — external actors have gotten more directly involved in the battle against isis this year.   whatever the reason, it makes for some beautiful pictures.   what happened next?   "what happened under his watch as baltimore's mayor was that he wanted to be governor.   what happens is that species tend to move closer to the poles and up in elevation as it gets warmer, urban said.   what have perceptibly moved are miliband’s and snp leader nicola sturgeon’s personal ratings (upwards).   what he learned about its brutal conquest and fraught modern existence inspired him to return to indian country to capture the good, the bad and the ugly.   what holds us back is a lack of vision, of leadership and of the political resolve to fix things.   what i can tell you is this: this is a family issue and we'll deal with it that way," williams said.   what if repeatedly arresting and incarcerating suspects is not the most effective way to reduce crime?   what if the people who receive the dehumidifier devise a way to divert the electricity to power something else?   what is eight plus two?   what is even more disheartening is the worldwide links that such organization is believed to have established.   what is more, kremlin-backed mercenaries were firing from small arms and mortars on the town of maryinka, areas around the donetsk airport, including pisky, as well as the villages of luhanske, lozove, chermalyk, opytne, and the town of popasna.   what is six plus one?   what is wingz, you ask?   what it would mean is that he would be a pioneer himself.   what key selections will you be looking at that could tip the balance in the finale?   what kind of greener, safer batteries or increased battery recycling would you get a charge out of?   what might account for the big differences in the cost of care?   what one word describes red oak isd and why?   what people should be aware of is that if they are the victims of an accident, they can, and should, at least speak with an attorney.   what poverty looks like for slum dwellers in nicaragua nicaragua, the second-poorest country in the western hemisphere (after haiti), sits precisely in the center of central america, with the pacific ocean to the west and the caribbean sea to the east.   what products will i use to get my super thick c hair moisturized and soft?   what remains for putin is to whine about a stab in the back by turkey during his meeting with jordan’s king.   what results, flyvbjerg says, is the “survival of the un-fittest”: the least deserving projects get built precisely because their cost-benefit estimates are so misleadingly optimistic.   what role does the ukraine crisis play in this?   what russia needs to do is to remain the arms supplier no. for both azerbaijan and armenia.   what's agreed is this is a critical moment for experts to come together to discuss the technology and reach a collective decision on how or if we want the technology applied to engineering the human genome.   what's happened is, because this president has run up more debt than any president in american history, that debt has been given to us in large measure by the chinese.   what should be done in this situation?   what's it going to sound like?   what's odd about this blaze is witnesses and fire officials say it looks like it started outside the building, then worked its way in. but officials aren't calling it a suspicious fire at this point.   what started with her roommate years ago has now become an annual tradition, one that requires multiple trips to deliver the goods to the charity.   what's the problem here?   what's your salary requirement?   "what that means is you experience the fear that goes along with it so it can effect your daily life."   what the heck happened to noodles & co (ndls)?   what they did was to take direct action which didn't get them any money either, but they went to the branch of the bank of china and demolished it.   what they find at the end of the journey is , watts of holiday spirit..   "what unity could there be after the destruction we see on our streets and wars of extermination against the south?   what we found inside of it was mind-boggling.   “what we have almost everywhere except canada now, in democracies, is parliamentary review,” forcese said.   what went into writing those?   what went wrong?   what will we create next?   what would megan draper say?   what wrong have we done?   "wheeler donated so much to campaigns that for decades he was the largest single campaign supporter in the united states," alexander wrote.   when amaya refused to leave the truck, the officers tasered him and then took him to a local hospital for evaluation.   when a member of the press pointed out that the sag winner usually goes on to take home an oscar, redmayne replied: "i wish i didn't know that factoid..   when asked about the jewish group's critique, carson dismissed it as "total foolishness."   when asked how he didn't go crazy, he replied, laughing, "i didn't say i wasn't crazy."   when asked if canadian officials were applying any pressure to grenadian police, macintyre said no.   when asked whether the changes would affect taste, a representative for taco bell said in an email that "it will be the same great tasting taco bell that people love."   when bonnie hernandez came to work at beezzz floral boutique & goodies on june , she discovered that a wall of the building which housed her business was literally moving.   when border patrol tried to stop him, he pulled the van over and three people ran out.   when bravo drove his th delivery for a head-high catch off fast bowler ben stokes to stuart broad at mid-off with victory one shot away, he had hit three sixes and seven fours in his highest score since his against new zealand last june.   when bulger was prosecuted in federal court in boston, in , english attended the trial, and his book offers a detailed account of the proceedings.   when evans asked about a washington post story that described how paul received his ophthalmology board certification from a startup medical board composed of family members, the senator again accused her of asking a misleading question.   "whenever i went to the canteen, they'd follow me and watch what i ate.   whenever my grandfather was paid with one, he’d put it aside in a box.   when first admitted to hospital she decided to shave her head and donate her hair to the little princess trust, so it could be made into a wig for someone else.   when he took office in january , ohio's unemployment rate was . percent.   when i do, many of you will no doubt be inclined to mutter "amen," quietly to yourselves.   "when i got into the paperback market and was in bookstores i thought my e-books would outsell my paperbacks because people knew me just through e-books," she said.   “when i heard that nothing was being done i just decided had to do something,” adds charlie feris.   when ilacqua started practicing, he said going to the wsib was an easier process.   when is laylat al qadr?   when i stepped out on to my front porch i saw one of the most beautiful and colorful sunrises i think i've ever seen.   "when it comes to a higher end watch, i really, strongly believe in mechanical movements and the beauty of these movements is that they last for generations and you don't have to worry about batteries and recharging," says scheufele.   when it comes to donors, they're fighting over *neighborhoods* in america.   when it finally swam away on its own, rescuers cheered with joy.   when it's not built into the premium, avoid it.   when itv hub does launch, with a focus on live tv, itv player will be swapped for the rebranded app, but you shouldn't need to lift a finger.   "when jeb bush raises $ million, when hillary raises $ million, which she has -- i know the people that gave them the money," trump said.   when many of them stayed home election day, this cost the gop any real shot they had at beating obama.   when marnie was there’s ending is easy to see coming, but that doesn’t make anna’s journey any less satisfying or heartfelt.   when mccollister pulled over the car in which james was a passenger, he took the driver, terry jackson, into custody after seeing he had an outstanding warrant.   when miami suffers an economic set-back, our system automatically moves resources to support a recovery.   when my wife first brought the letter to my attention, i immediately wanted to know whether these were columbia physicians.   when noah was asked why he appeared to be so unflappable, he traced it back to a difficult early life that included a household beset by domestic violence and a native country fighting to break free from apartheid.   when play resumed ghana won -.   when rate increases do begin, they will occur at a gradual pace, officials reiterated in the minutes.   when reforms of the system were announced in just one in stop and searches led to an arrest and black people were seven times more likely to be stopped than whites.   when rumors reached the plantation that the union army was sweeping across the south, the slaves thought that biblical end-times were upon them.   when sanders noted how lynch didn’t like to talk, the running back replied “i’m just ‘bout that action, boss.”   when she no longer had insurance to help pay for doctors' appointments or medicine, smith happened to ask at wal-mart if she could get vials of the medicine without a prescription.   when someone in the audience asked allers about his experience with the book that the film is based on, the goateed baby-boomer in shirtsleeves let his gaze float into the middle distance and assumed a thoughtful tone.   when someone responded by categorizing my confidence as "blind faith" in myself, i took exception.   when terry became a trooper about eight years ago, he took a pay cut of several thousand dollars from his job as an -year veteran of the lumberton police department.   "when that phone call came in, shock set in because it was real,'' he said.   when the bubble starts to deflate, margin investors are caught with their trousers around their ankles, owing money they cannot repay.   when the cab dropped off the wheelchair the lady was told we are closed today she had the wrong day.   when the dust cleared, many u.s. outlets – particularly those of a conservative bent – adjudged putin the winner.   when the earth warms about c above pre-industrial times, scientists say there will be dangerous and unpredictable impacts on our climate system.   when the economy nosedives, russians adjust rather than panicking or turning against the kremlin."   when the election heats up, bullock's character moons the rival campaign from a bus window.   when the government newspaper rossiiskaya gazeta wrote about the liberation of czechoslovakia by the red army in early april, it published two photographs next to each other.   when the man didn't comply with his demand for money, matt killed him.   when the officer approached the car, the spokesperson says someone inside tried to run the officer over.   when the royals open the world series against the new york mets on tuesday night, perez will crouch behind the plate for the th time over the past two years.   when the show finished in , she joined the 'loose women' panel where she still remains.   when the sobeys staff confronted the woman about shoplifting on june , police say she assaulted a staff member and fled the store with merchandise.   when the summer peaches are ripe in the store, don't miss the chance for grilled peaches and ice cream.   when the well was finally capped after nearly three months, political and industry pressure mounted on the white house to lift the ban, which it did about a month earlier than planned.   when they returned around : a.m., they were told they had missed a team meeting paiement had called at a.m. about the alleged complaints.   "when this boat capsized and sank, we committed ourselves to go and check if there really were as many bodies as the survivors said," renzi said after talks with french prime minister manuel valls in the northern italian town of trento.   when trump asked the crowd - as he typically does - if anyone has read "the art of the deal," one man waved his hands in the air jubilantly with two books.   when two teens went toward the cop to help the girl, they were accused of sneaking up on the cop to attack.   "when voters go see him, instead of being hooked and saying 'i think i found my person,' they're making plans to go see another candidate," cullen said.   when we do this; we will finally stop the pipeline that goes from african american neighborhoods straight to the local detention centers, and prisons.   "when you're in business, you're in it to make money," he said.   when your offense can't pick you up, it is always a long day."   whereas in the past, scientists said, ‘here are the measurements and we kind of know how much other ice we haven’t measured,’ ” o’neel said.   where did you get that idea?”   where do they work and how much are they paid?   where to take in a show grammy winner irvin mayfield and his new orleans jazz orchestra now have a permanent home, in a long-abandoned space that was once gators department store.   whetted by saturation newspaper and television coverage, and primed by training clips fed through his official social media sites, filipinos are clearing their schedules to make sure they will be able to watch the fight.   while about percent of the youth with depressive symptoms received services at the start of the study, only percent of them did by the end.   while airbnb doesn't tolerate discrimination, it's difficult to police more than . million listings worldwide.   while all companies claim to have competitive advantages, many of those are fleeting – think fast-fashion companies whose business models depend on teen fads and many tiers of suppliers in far-flung locations.   while causing me to take note of his accomplishment, the article also brought to mind the interest in chess both among poles and within polonia.   while cleaning a disused part of a city police station late last week, the workers chanced upon sacks filled with human remains in a long-ago locked room.   while harper recognizes that raising young children can be intense and tiresome, she emphasizes it is vital to take the initiative to create memories -- not simply wait to capture certain moments.   while he didn't dispute reports that per cent of the sewage in the metropolitan area of rio goes untreated, mccormack understands officials are working to make sure the water quality at the athlete venues is acceptable.   while he has faced repeated questions about when he will outline a clear programme of demands, lidington said he had advised cameron to do no such thing.   while hosting a night out at the scene nightclub in long island, n.y. saturday night, the -year-old showed off a pout that was a normal, healthy size.   while in the presence of the first black president, carson declared himself a black republican.   while it admitted on sept. that million diesel vehicles worldwide were fitted with illegal software, it only provided customers with information about whether their cars and vans were affected on friday.   while it remains to be seen whether volkswagen will ever return as a trusted brand, the latest reports indicate that it's not the only car maker to have used this kind of device.   while kanuha said he's not asking to testify in hawaiian to prove a point, he said it's also about honoring the essence of his protest on the big island's mauna kea, which he described as the "suppression of the hawaiian identity."   while losing carroll was a blow, it also showed just how much he developed under the tutelage of budenholzer and his coaching staff.   while lower oil prices mean savings at the pump for consumers, global oversupply worries have been the main culprit behind oil’s plunge over the last year as prices have halved since las summer.   while many u.s. companies have offset declines at home with growth in asia, campbell so far has found that asians prefer their soup homemade.   while modeling didn't appeal to her — "i didn't want to be that skinny" — television did.   while most of europe is backing the prince, africa, asia and oceania are strongly backing blatter, who is also expecting some support from north, central and south america.   while most people rely on a day/night balance to regulate their sleep patterns, helped by the production of the melatonin as it gets dark, modern displays emit a blue-ish light that suppresses the hormone and gradually makes us more alert.   while mutually beneficial trade deals will be the ballast of the trip, these new markets present their own obstacles too.   while naturally your nurse will stay home if battling a contagious disease, for most other illnesses your nurse will still show up to care for you.   while not common, it's bad: the cdc says each year people, mostly children, are blinded by the disease.   while obama is known to be aggressive in seeking to retain staffers contemplating departures, sometimes even making in-person appeals to their spouses, white house officials say podesta has been spared that hard-sell.   while poppy had been cultivated in the highlands for millennia, it was mostly for local use on a very small scale.   while praising the federal reserve for guiding the economy through the worst period since the great depression, he noted there have been consequences.   while press relations between the media and the white house have hardly been a hallmark over the past six years, palmieri is considered one of the most professional and popular communications operatives in the democratic party.   while profitability has admittedly lagged lately, that’s because under armour is investing heavily in new products, including two fitness technology companies, endomondo and myfitnesspal.   while republican candidate donald trump is defending his plan to ban muslims from entering the united states, critics are asking--is it legal?   while republicans like sen. rand paul of kentucky talk about the importance of reaching out to african-americans, huckabee may have reached a new low in terms of offending them.   while russian families grieve, investigators sift through the rubble and international passengers nervously board planes, the ramifications of the disaster in the egyptian desert are just beginning.   while someone in their early s should have about % of their (k) investments in stocks, according to fidelity, they should be shifting into less risky assets as they get closer to quitting their -to- gig.   while still in reverse, the truck moves out of range of the security camera.   while teams have strictly followed those budgets, some haven't been deterred by similar fiscal rules for international players, giving out four bonuses of $ million or more since december to cuban prospects.   while the cats are napping, guests can also play board games like jenga and cards against humanity.   while the goal of public health officials isn't to eradicate pertussis — an impossible goal given its endemic nature — it's not clear how more-consistent protection can be achieved.   while the instrumentation and protocol were successful, the investigation included only one test subject, so zamboni recognizes the need to recruit additional subjects for future studies to ensure repeatability and to gather additional data.   while the nfl talks up safety in the press, it has also been quietly talking to its most powerful potential critics: members of congress.   while the persecution by is is the worst since the modern iraqi state was created in the last century, scores of christians have been kidnapped or killed, or had their churches bombed and been forced to leave their homes since .   while there are not many people in the water during the winter months, there are plenty playing by the shore with their jeans rolled up just enough so that they can feel the cool water lap up against their feet.   while there was no definitive answer on the cause, she added, "all the evidence" suggested climate change had a role to play.   while the rockets came up just short, it has been a great season for the program, which has a rescheduled tri-meet with walpole and braintree left in the regular season before kicking off the postseason on saturday at the bay state conference meet.   while the stage was won by alexis vuillermoz to give france its first victory in this year's race, it was the way nibali was dropped on a distance of just kilometers (. miles) that had people talking.   while they were packing up their gear tuesday in kathmandu, a .-magnitude quake jolted the region once again, killing dozens in nepal and neighboring india.   while this is not viable if you rely on certain windows-only programs (and then you can just keep using w forever), many people could surely move to linux and never hit a snag.   while this particular goal depends on whether things go well for the team in the near future, project loon's partnership with indonesian providers is already a done deal.   while we are doing this for ourselves, we want to ensure that the visitors are experiencing what bahamians do.   “while we are mindful of the fact that this development reflects the economic malaise the country is going through, we are worried that it will impact on the quality of media products and by extension information available to zimbabweans.   "while we have worked to standardize our file format and processes within aetna, there is no industry-wide format."   while you're there, you might as well stop by the adjoining kibitz room for some cocktails, and check out a live band or two.   white house and congressional negotiators searched for compromise thursday on huge tax and spending bills with a combined price tag of well over $ trillion, with leaders hoping to clinch agreements and let congress adjourn for the year next week.   white house press secretary josh earnest said pentagon officials participated in an hour-long videoconference with russian officials in an initial discussion of ways to avoid u.s. and russian forces firing on each other in syria.   white people don't know what that's like," he says.   "white people have been motivated by fear of the 'brown other' since the nation was founded," she says.   whitman county sheriffs deputies say -year-old nicholas nava-farias is believed to have been struck by a single round from a rifle --shot by someone he was hunting with.   who also stresses the need to reduce the number of unnecessary injections as a critical way of reducing risk.   who are the main presidential candidates?   who are you rooting for and what do you think of the films likely to be recognised?   'who becomes a terrorist?' turns out, in many cases, to be much like asking, 'who owns a volvo?'   who chief dr margaret chan said "the outstanding commitment and efforts that got nigeria off the endemic list must continue, to keep africa polio-free."   whoever wins will have a difficult task ahead.   whole grains are healthy carbohydrates.   whom she doesn't follow: republican presidential candidates.   who were the paris terrorists?   who will reach the playoff and the rest of the new year's six bowls?   who wouldn’t want that?   why do i got to deal with (stuff) like that?   why do you attack us with obvious injustices, obvious distortions," hurriyet responded in an unusually blunt editorial last friday, vowing to defend its right to free speech without fear.   why events unfolded the way they did.   why has it taken so long for such food waste recovery programs to become popular?   why is kim jong un cracking down his top generals?   why is television more diverse than film?   why not call today and start on the path to owning your own commercial real estate?   why not continue and get a return on that investment?   "why not pay any reference to that in the report?   "why should manitobans care?   why should we trust you?"   why would a man with no known history of pedophilia or murderous impulses lure a boy into a bodega basement and strangle him?   wide receiver jermaine kearse says his favorite runs are when he’s blocking, lynch is running his way, and he can see the defensive backs in front backing down from the challenge.   wide receiver odell beckham jr. ran a post-go pattern and got an -yard touchdown, untouched, to provide the final margin.   wilbourn was a passenger in a mercedes benz that was parked illegally in a southeast memphis neighborhood saturday night, police said.   wildlife managers advise carrying bear spray to ward off attacks.   wild salmon campaigners in british columbia are claiming victory after the federal court struck down licensing rules that allow fish farms to transfer diseased fish into open ocean pens.   wile most wealthy countries used opv to stop wild polio transmission then switched to ipv when they were sure they had the virus beaten, that is not easy in poor countries with limited health services, infrastructure and resources.   willard, a washington-area native, started with nbc's washington radio station wrc in as a page.   williams also testified about his song creation process, admitting to jurors that "blurred lines" channels "that 's feeling" and that he looked up to gaye, but that to feel, isn't copyright infringement.   williams was lauded for his coverage of hurricane katrina.   will it keep you nourished and healthy, or cause illness and disease in later years?   will not play tonight.   will ole miss remove the state flag from campus?   will the largest party even be able to form the government?   will these stocks continue to soar?   will this notably impact lee's essentially unopposed election bid in november?   will you be able to access your camping gear and emergency earthquake supplies?   wilmore joked that "as a fellow purveyor of fake news, i sympathize with brian williams."   wilson accounted for almost all of seattle’s offense in the first half, throwing for of the team’s yards.   wilson drives and throws a touchdown pass to pickett with a few minutes left.   windows store search results for vlc media player we all like to feel like we've got options.   winning big time in the courts for willful incompetence by both the sheriff and school.   winnipegger erin oluyemi couldn’t tell cbc the name of the zone where he lives and parks in. “no i don't.   winters as canada knew them may soon be a thing of the past as climate change progresses.   wipe the infected devices, restore from the latest backup, report the attack to cert australia, and move on.   wisconsin law requires cases to begin in adult court if they involve juvenile suspects at least years old who are charged with first-degree attempted intentional homicide.   "wishing to express this in the manner chelsey deserves we have tried to speak to both chelsey jay and models of diversity to apologise in person, rather than taking to social media, however they will not take our calls."   with , visitors projected to walk through its doors each day, it's easy to see why more and more retailers are looking to expand their operations across africa.   with percent of ballots counted, macri had won with a marginal majority of . percent of the votes.   with all of those eyes focused right here, the indians are seizing the opportunity to showcase their close and important relationship with the spokane tribe.   with a probability basis and coverage of people who otherwise couldn't access the internet, online surveys using knowledgepanel are nationally representative.   with a total of , athletes from nations comprising the americas and caribbean, competing in sports at more than venues in southern ontario municipalities, to constitutes the largest multisport event ever held in canada.   with crisp sound, a solid connection and whatsapp's massive market share, the company is well positioned to become the industry standard for voice calls.   with explosives strapped to their bodies, the bombers entered the jimeta main market after sundown on thursday and "pretended to be fighting", said area police spokesman othman abubakar.   with few back-to-backs to rest rinne, hutton has been getting most of his work in practice.   with files from cbc's kiran dhillan comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from duncan mccue, connie walker, cbc edmonton, cbc politics.   with files from reuters report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from sportsdirect inc. report typo comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with files from the canadian press comments on this story are moderated according to our submission guidelines.   with help from realtytrac, we found the locations where foreclosures still make up a significant portion of home sales, despite improvements in the overall economy.   "with her clear stance and prominence, she will be able to further strengthen our successful russian department," he added.   within months of the scuttling, david had left the royal navy.   within this deep-space image are , galaxies, going back in time as far as a few hundred million years after the big bang.   within two hours, the post generated more than , comments.   with jay’s videos, you get the vicarious delight — but you can also dive into his world, if you so choose.   "with just some basic math, you'll realize sprint is best on price."   with just two debates remaining before the iowa caucuses, the texas senator doesn't have much time to make his move.   with many of her customers based in europe, she accepts that a single market is beneficial, but says: "i want us to be able to have a say but be able to opt out when they propose something that's not in our interests."   with more tourists coming to japan, many firms are now trying to provide them with prepaid sim cards, but their availability not be widely known among travelers yet.   with my eight years in the senate, i voted for some trade agreements and against others.   with omt, the bank would take steps to eliminate the impact on the total amount of money in the banking system by a process known as sterilisation.   with one out and runners at first and third, white sox closer david robertson got gillaspie to bounce softly to abreu at first, who tagged the bag for the second out.   without a boost in first timers, there is less housing market activity, fewer existing homes being put on the market, and more worry about inventory," blitzer said.   "without a doubt this work played a part in breaking apart the gangs that were plaguing the city."   without a doubt, we can now plan for the future for our families."   without commenting specifically on the warning from baghdad, a senior us intelligence official said he was not aware of any threat information sent to western governments that was specific enough to have thwarted the paris attacks.   without libya, if necessary the eu's chief diplomat is no longer concerned with serious resistance from security council members china and russia.   without major progress on this issue, the number of child brides will double by and child marriage will continue to hamper africa's development.   without serious changes, it is suggested, // will be just a great-sounding, but unachievable goal.   "without the protection of a gun and an armed group, many boys believed they would have been even more vulnerable to being killed," the report said.   “without tyler, the team said we were going to take on this challenge on the road, and we were going to win this game with defense,” said eastern head coach jim hayford.   with protesters calling for her resignation, the socialist leader's ambitious agenda to overhaul the inegalitarian education system and change the constitution inherited from dictator augusto pinochet have all but ground to a halt.   with recent economic indicators looking grim, many analysts expect the european central bank to follow the bank of japan with quantitative easing in the near future.   with reference to ordinance rules, the spa says höhne-schaller must be accompanied by a "responsible adult" because of her disability.   “with regards to your reader, bt is happy to have a look at the case, if we have the specific details for her and if she is with bt as her provider.”   with temperatures expected to rise to the triple digits over the weekend, officials remind residents to be extra careful.   with that being said, he never touched the bag.   with the enthusiasm that these young players have, and they're just going all-out today.   with the help of the fertilizer, tomatoes and cucumbers will grow here.   with the historic introduction of body cameras closer to reality, public defender arlene harrison henry viewed it as a "win-win situation" for the police and citizens.   with the iphone s now out in the wild, we recently came across an interesting video which demonstrates individualized voice recognition on the iphone s in action.   with the month of november comes the good chance of the first snow of the season.   with the no contest plea, the government agreed to drop the count of use of fire to commit a felony.   with the oilers playing better of late, mcdavid could find himself in meaningful games when he returns.   "with the recent rise in illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing in somali territorial waters, i am deeply concerned that somalia could be facing a resurgence of piracy," kay said, condemning "in the strongest terms" the crimes.   with the united states and its allies looking for ways to staunch the flow of fighters to and from the battlefield, officials say stronger counterterrorism laws are needed.   "with this case behind us, we're going to keep working to make health care in america even better and more affordable and to get more people covered," mr. obama said saturday in a video.   "with this rabies incursion, we've seen a lot of raccoons out in the winter time at times when it's really really cold.   with this we hope to end bonded labor in pakistan," she said.   with those grants, he has performed experiments to control the differentiation of embryonic stem cells, with the idea of one day developing optogenetics for the treatment of organic brain disorders.   witnesses said the crowd of mostly youths ransacked the french cultural centre as well as the homes of police officers and the local headquarters of president mahamadou issoufou's party.   wizards: game still isn't sold out.   wolfsburg drop points in augsburg goals were a plenty for wolfsburg a week ago, but the goal reservoir dried up on their trip to augsburg.   wolfsburg paid millions for german international andre schürrle from chelsea in january this year.   women's world cup: the beautiful game photos costa rican midfielder katherine alvarado, left, and forward maria barrantes jump for the ball.   women's world cup: the beautiful game photos australia's lisa de vanna celebrates her first-half goal with her teammates.   women's world cup: the beautiful game photos canada's josee belanger, right, defends wang shanshan of china.   wondering if the patriots have calls into irving fryar and stanley morgan to help their ailing receiving group?   woodfox and wallace were involved with the black panthers, a militant black rights movement formed in for self-defence against police brutality and racism, which later embraced "revolutionary" struggle as a way of achieving black liberation.   woods and mickelson also hacked their way out of the championship, combining for nine bogeys and just three birdies on a day when simply breaking would have won them the title.   workaround: check with the airline before you book the ticket to see what fees, if any, you can expect.   workers at plants have returned to work under the march agreement combined with local agreements; walkouts are continuing at four refineries, including lyondell, and a power and steam plant over local issues.   work life balance is real.   workstation is impressive from its list of new features to its significantly enhanced performance over previous versions of the product.   work with residents to create a 'resident charter' and review the tenant engagement system.   world high-jump champion bogdan bondarenko cleared the bar at .m to take the event.   world surf league officials canceled the j-bay open after the incident.   worse, the number of seasoned experts are hard to find, since they're too busy making money getting customers for their companies.   would you be willing to compensate me for my time?"   “would you ever want this kind of treatment done to you without your consent or knowledge?   would you like to continue watching?   wounded people are evacuated outside the scene of a hostage situation at the bataclan theatre in paris.   wright says her challenge as a songwriter is to strike a balance between being autobiographical and expressing universal feelings that resonate with her audience.   writer lara marie schoenhals posted a hilarious video on youtube, entitled, "please welcome to the stage.   writer-producer-director jeff franklin, creator of the television show “full house,” has listed a mansion he had built on spec in hollywood hills west.   writing in mother jones, kevin drum, explained: "all it took was a carefully stagecrafted beheading video and the usual gang of conservative jingoists to exploit it."   writing in wired, he observes that eas tend to be detached from many corporate digital initiatives.   w should have outsourced finding obl to the french.   wv lottery weather cameras view cams here.   xiaomi, founded in , passed south korea’s samsung electronics in the second quarter of as the best-selling smartphone brand in china by number of handsets sold.   xinhua news agency says the lighthouses will help improve navigation in the area.   yahaya takakumi, a -year-old farmer, told nigeria's premium times that he escaped from baga with one of his wives, but does not know the whereabouts of four of his children, his second wife and his elder brother.   yahoo may use google's services on yahoo's owned and operated properties ("yahoo properties") and on certain syndication partner properties ("affiliate sites") in the united states (u.   yall, god's word will always stand.   yeah, it's kind of messy -- which is why a uk court is ordering google to remove links to stories about removing links that can be found by searching for the original complainant's name.   years later, they were still frustrated by williams’ recounting.   yeomans says every day, "earth is pummeled by more than tons of material that spewed off asteroids and comets."   yes, it's going to be directly proportionate to the value of the data that you're putting there.   yes, romney and bush have something of a head start in that regard.   yesterday, first nations leaders in ontario met in toronto and called on all federal party leaders to address the state of water and health services in aboriginal communities.   yes, there's a great keyboard backlight, but under the right lighting conditions, seeing the letters on the keys is somewhat difficult, because it's just a little too light-on-white to see under certain ambient lighting conditions.   yes, this is the first year ever of something they just started calling, the pineapple express.   yet absolut still represents about percent of its profit in the country.   yet, already, there are people saying that the allegations are "not believable" and "silly."   yet by the time he died, hafez al-assad was able to pass the top job on to his son.   yet every reform proposal over several decades has been rejected.   yet hundreds of thousands of haitians are still getting no treatment for mental illnesses ranging from depression and bipolar disorder to schizophrenia.   yet less than half of u.s. sports venues provide even basic connectivity on game days.   yet so far, that belief seems more savvy than naive, and in any case it's not nearly as absolute as auletta implies; google uses thousands of human "raters" to help perfect its search results, for instance.   yet the fed will be "patient" in raising interest rates from record lows.   yet the question is increasingly - austerity for whom?   yet we fully appreciate this has been a very unsettling experience," air canada chief operating officer klaus goersch said in a statement.   yocom describes these weapons on her website as "the physical manifestation of the realities that women have to face every day: the necessity to be 'on guard' in a society plagued by rape culture."   "yosemite is full of legends, and there will be more, but for the climbing and adventure sport community these two names stood as pillars."   yost, an occasionally maligned but now permanently beloved skipper, paused to relish his vindication, then cupped his hands around his mouth to secure an audience.   "you always want to defend your home field.   you and i are looking for the same thing.”   “you are a single mother.   “you are dramatizing things to underline your will to gather the world’s powerful and defuse a pending cataclysm,” he wrote to hollande.   you are just bitter because the raiders havent been to a playoff game since or a superbowl since what '.   you are led through the tunnels by a guide but as we entered the labyrinth i managed to lose the rest of my tour group in the dark.   you are using an older browser version.   you break a law and invite the state to exercise force against you.   you break the law, and we intend to enforce the law,” bratton added.   you can always remove photos the old-fashioned way, too, by plugging your phone into a computer and deleting the images you no longer need.   you can anticipate restrictions to visibility, at times, due to blowing and drifting snow.   you can buy jerry lee lewis' motorcycle is this the army's next gun?   you can follow her on twitter and facebook.   you can only keep that up for so long before you make yourself ill, before becoming enveloped in an emotional sandstorm.   you can order the brooklyn blend ($), with unctuous and creamy tonkotsu broth and black garlic oil, even though you’re in the financial district.   you can receive a notification telling you when it's time to leave for the airport, check in for your trip, get flight information (including gate changes) throughout the travel day and view an in-flight map showing the time remaining until arrival.   “you can say things without repercussions.   you can see more info, or register to join a team this season here.   you can see the latest weather forecast on the bbc news ni website.   "you can see the true benefit that a family in wisconsin has received over the last four years," said wiley.   you can see what (a lack of) confidence is doing to my team."   you can take some of the money from your jebified job and jebified home and earn a college degree in the evenings if you haven't got one.   "you can't ask people to behave ethically just like that," blatter said friday before later claiming he was just the man to somehow do it.   you can't claim asylum in another country because yours has been submerged.   you can’t expect mcconnell and haislmaier to pass up an opportunity to reinforce their false meme that obamacare represents a government takeover of health care.   you can too -- find out how.   you can watch the full video of curry's excellence right here. . steve kerr, head coach of the west all-stars, drew up a play that basically says everything you need to know about the all-star game: "i got a great play planned for the first play.   "you categorise those persons as having lost their homes," gordon questioned.   "you click on the picture of your grandbaby and feel a zing of joy," latus writes, "so you click on the cat video and chuckle, and then on what former child stars look like now and whoosh, another hour of your life is gone.   you could just tell our guys had a fire in them that was not going to be put out, and it was a hell of an effort."   you could see all the charred remains that were left on the ground,” kachurak said.   you could see him grinning and chuckling to himself.   "you do not need to find that dennis oland had a motive in order to find him guilty of the offence charged," walsh said.   you don’t even need office to try it out — it’s all available online, free of charge.   you don't have to be their best friend, but a little nudge every once in a while will go a lot further than you may think.   you don't want to give up your independence but it makes you leery," berchtold said.   "you'd taken shelter under the balcony of the old state house.   “you’d think you would see that,” schrock said, “but it hasn’t come around.”   "you feel better," stone said, "with a dog."   you get infected and usually within and five to seven days either symptoms.   you go right,” haas said.   yougov's reports include a model-based margin of error, which rests on a specific set of statistical assumptions about the selected sample, rather than the standard methodology for random probability sampling.   you had just brilliantly defended your masters.   you have said, "we don't have an obligation to just open our doors."   you have the right to anything," santorum told the ap interview.   “you have to be the field general for the front five and make sure everybody is on point and on time and everything.   you hear these stories all the time and you watch tv about them and you never know," cousin natalia kane said.   you hire your own coach.   “you just marvel … how did they even manage to do all of this?”   "you know, it's the worst movie you have ever seen," the baywatch star said with utmost glee on huffpost live today.   you know, like the defense department.   you know, pretty much open arms.   you know what was on our first slide?   you know you're in cairo when..   you'll be notified if your comment is called out.   “you’ll take that back the minute you meet someone you like,” she said.   you made the judgment in november to put me back on this podium today.   you may also notice that the vergecast has its very own youtube channel now!   you may end up locked into a service with proprietary hardware.   you may enter for this specific giveaway only once.   "you may want to wash it off your car with water, rather than with your hands, and avoid touching it and breathing it in."   you mention libya was homogenous.   you might have a virus when will i be a millionaire?   you might think that because i'm asian i was drawn to lieutenant sulu as a role model.   “you move into tier one messaging like football games.”   you need to be more than merely wealthy; you need to be a friend of the brand, preferably with a garage full of other ferraris and a tendency to espouse your love for all things maranello.   you need to get rid of them if you want a solution," he told the munich gathering.   "you need to look at it and say: this is a watch, it's not a smartwatch.   "you never feel completely sad or completely happy, you just feel kind of satisfied with your product and then you die."   you never want to lose against your rival and for it to end up like that and to walk off the field feeling good, that's a good moment.”   younews wildland fire season by lronate published: aug , at : am pdt last updated: aug , at : am pdt annual refresher and pack test scheduled on saturday, august , .   younger, digital first consumers expect something different.   "young people should not be living in these shelters and detoxes," said turpel-lafond.   young students and men with grey beards stream into the lecture hall at bogazici university in istanbul.   "you put them on layaway, but there's compound emotional interest that accrues," he said.   your decision to claim social security benefits should take into account your health, life expectancy, marital status, retirement savings and income needs.   'you're going to get your teeth kicked in': alberta oilpatch investor warns notley tries to reassure energy companies orman says if he had one piece of advice for premier-designate rachel notley, he'd tell her to go slow.   you’re in your hotel room and there are fans all around, paparazzi following you everywhere, and it gets intense.   "you're lucky that you're my friend.   you're no twitter as highly as you may estimate your abilities, the reality is that you're probably not an etsy, twitter, or google.   "you're seeking to change what the institution is," roberts said, the associated press reported.   your first day of class you get called a terrorist.   your first detailed due diligence should be to find out as much as you can about the platforms themselves.   “your parents’ al-qaeda was a very different model than the threat we face today,” comey told a counterterrorism conference in new york.   your vote should the city of ottawa reserve parking spots for pregnant women?   “you said it was how big?”   you saw some of it there at tonight's game.   "you say one thing but behave completely different," claure said across two tweets, before closing on an attempt at a hashtag zinger that fizzled.   you see, the hurtado's are still trying to repair the water damage done to their home back in the spring and simply couldn't afford to have thor shipped back home to texas.   "you see what's on that window sticker and that gives you the optimum mileage that that car could ever achieve in perfect conditions," he says.   you should be standing directly in front of the weight stack.   “you shouldn’t lose a -year career on evidence like this,” mcconnell said in opening statements at the hearing.   you still need an antenna or tv subscription, along with a digital video recorder to record shows.   & youth am, pm; wed. pm / youth.   "you try to keep her in your thoughts and, hopefully, everything's all right and try to get back to the task at hand," lawrie said when asked how he was able to refocus after what happened.   you’ve found your man in donald trump."   "you've got republicans in the (new mexico) legislature in their largest numbers in a very long time; it's a partisan issue plain and simple," said barreto, also a ucla political science and chicano studies professor.   you walk around and see blank eyes.”   … you want to live your truth, that’s not how you go about it.   you were a lot more then just a cricketer richie.   you will learn so much about the world, but also about yourselves: you'll find that you are more adaptable, resilient, and adventurous than you ever imagined.   you will moan and ask how i coped with handling a small petulant child.   you win by giving them a sense that their future can be brighter," he said.   ypg spokesman redur xelil said islamic state fighters were repelled overnight after they briefly wrested control of an area on tel abyad's eastern periphery.   ypm alumni include: lloyd axworthy, former president of the university of winnipeg and former minister of foreign affairs in the cabinet of prime minister jean chretien.   yule featured trees, logs, boars, carol-singing, and feasting at night.   zambia is heavily dependent on sales of copper, the price of which has slumped by a quarter over the past months.   zdnet japan meet aether cone, a high-end streaming music player and amazon echo rival the cone, made by startup aether, has some interesting differentiation between amazon and sonos streaming media player devices.   zdnet japan samsung proposes 'space internet' to beam the web to the world technology giant describes beaming internet to five billion people worldwide using thousands of tiny satellites.   zelmer, who co-owns the company with rob greenwood, said the employees were gathered inside having a safety meeting at the time.   zimba the cat needs a loving home zimba suffers from stomatitis, which is an inflammation of the mouth, and he also has an infection called calci virus, which can be passed on to other cats.   zim-fund came following approval by the boards of directors of the african development bank group of the recommendations contained in a document entitled ‘establishment of a multi-donor trust fund for zimbabwe’.   zito outlasted his counterpart one batter, he was replaced after yielding a leadoff walk to buster posey to start the third.   zombies aside, it's an amusing strategy to raise awareness about preparing for actual disasters like tornadoes and floods, the kansas city star reports.  